are there any actual pharmacists neuro-specialists both or mad scientists ?
i was wondering what would be a affective combination in order to improve cognitive function specifically memory .
i do n't have enough time to research neuro science .
i was wondering if anyone knew enough about the human memory in order to come up with a cocktail to significantly improve it .
any prescription pill over the counter vitamins or even basic foods are welcome for suggestions !
for adelaide two that jump to mind are harry dear and harrison wigg and maybe van berlo .
does anyone know the name of the game heylia was playing ?
i just played a game with everyone in my party lagging and the randoms we were playing with also lagging .
eventually a random left cause it was so bad .
hello i wanted to write a post about the issue i am having which is about how can i cope my runescape experience and how can i motivate myself to complete my runescape goals .
also if anyone may reach some great advice it would be much appreciated .
i am a long time player veteran however i have no idea what to do with my runescape account anymore every single time i log in to runescape i would take a brief look at my account and immediately log off because i am unmotivated to do anything or i would have no idea where to start .
i had goals to do plague 's end requirements get my stats to a decent level without getting burned out too easily .
i enjoy runecape a lot and i would not like to move on to other things and i would love to finish my goals here .
you 're not going to beat loan interest rates .
if you could then the bank would be making money that way instead of lending you the money .
if you have a loan it seems like the best investment you can make is simply to put all your money towards paying that off .
although my therapist seemed stumped by the details that surround my diagnosis .
i have an appointment for a med consult from a psychiatrist in the coming weeks .
has anyone experience d ocd where you must compulsively work out mine is running my symptoms are so out of hand recently .
lately i have been running ta the gym for an hour a day 8miles then i will go home and run in place for as long as im allowed to 5,6,7,8,9 hours i feel better when i get to 25-30 miles a day .
i also have been suffering from trichotillomania i am very rigid and if i do not have a scheduled i become very dis-regulated in my thoughts and feelings .
i sought help because my running has caused me to focus less of my attention on school work .
so has anyone experienced or herd ocd presenting in this way ?
hey folks i 've had my f56 for about 3-4 months now and occasionally i hear a squeak when i roll my passenger side window down .
to be clear the squeak is n't just a short squeak it sounds more like the rubber lining on the door is scraping against the window .
has anyone else experienced this and is there a quick fix or should i stop by my mini dealer ?
in an interview with umno-owned mingguan malaysia the sunday edition of utusan malaysia nasharudin said he came to this conclusion after monitoring gmm 's website .
if we look at gmm 's website in 2012 it was very active .
but after 2012 as everyone can see from its website it appears that gmm has strayed from its original objectives nasharudin was quoted as saying .
nasharudin‎ took over the helm of gmm effective today from former deputy minister datuk saifuddin abdullah who served as the chief executive officer of the moderates group from 2013 .
widely seen as a moderate figure saifuddi‎n said he was resigning from the post on october 15 after he announced he was leaving umno for pkr .
nasharudin said his own appointment was beyond politics as he was only '' an ordinary pas member .
let 's leave pas umno politics to the leaders of pas and umno .
i 'm not a pas leader i 'm only an ordinary pas member .
that means i ca n't determine policies nor do i have any influence on them .
i see my appointment as beyond politics because it 's not like the person ‎who appointed me does n't know i 'm a pas member nasharudin was quoted as saying .
prime minister datuk seri najib razak is founder and patron of gmm which he formed as a platform to promote moderation on the international stage .
nasharudin was one of pas 's leading proponents of talks with umno during his tenure as deputy president of the islamist party .
i have been given what i was told was an antique english silver dish however i am having difficulty deciphering the hallmarks based on the online resources i have found .
http i.imgur.com/ay3dmit.jpg my guess based on the hallmarks is that it is sterling and from glasgow but i could be totally wrong .
i 've read at an article http pgbovine.net/phd-interview-eugene-wu-keith-winstein.htm that describes the relay channel problem is a deep and long-outstanding problem in information theory .
can someone please explain the problem in graduate level detail ?
i 'm building a scx10 from scratch using spare parts from my redcat and wanted to know what people thought of the stock shock hoops .
i 'm trying to decide if i should just by the stock ones for 10 or if it 's worth it to spend extra on aluminum .
if i pass the technical interviews do you think it 's possible the hiring committee sees i have a low gpa and rejects me for that ?
ftr i have 3 internships at the same company pretty big tech company
after playing on and off for years d d and pathfinder i was thinking of trying out dming for a small group of 2-3 friends .
i also recently picked up an ipad largely to use for this purpose .
i see that pathfinder has a ton of resources for this pfrpg rd fight club and game master apps with all the rules already baked in not to mention that paizo puts everything out as pdfs .
on the other hand while i really like d d 5e there seems to be none of that .
i know there are some great dropbox files for game master 5th edition but there 's nothing like pfrpg rd and d d 5e does n't seem to be putting anything out as pdfs other than the basic rules .
having a pdf library is a big part of it .
i really do n't know what the team sees in him .
he should never under any circumstance be brought in during any close games .
with that being said we 're still in the world series and tomorrow is another day .
day one player i 've cleared kf once with a sherpa group of other new randos and held my own throughout .
familiar with the encounters but not nearly as well-versed as i am in vog and crota .
lfg that is chill and does n't mind me still getting my new-raid legs .
some titans with bubbles would be nice and experienced people
hey girls would you get offended if a guy tell you that you have a small butt
ever since reach brought assassination animations into the game punching fools in the back of the face has been one of my favorite halo pastimes .
seeing as i just finished my level 5 commendation in arena i thought i 'd offer up some tips and tricks for anyone who is still working on theirs .
and if you 're a natural born ninja and have some tips of your own i 'd love to hear what you think about spartan charge ...
the one skill to master when assassinating people is closing the gap between you and their back .
for the most part you need to find some way to move faster than your target .
if he 's crouching you need to be walking if he 's walking you need to be sprinting etc .
it sounds simple but radar and bad luck mean you only have a limited amount of time to do this .
this is why to get the highest number of assassinations it 's usually best to set up shop in a protected corner or vantage point and wait for someone else to pass through your territory .
ideally in a team game type you 'll be able to contribute to vision or team-shots but if you find a good spot stick to it .
we want moderate traffic because you are vulnerable while performing your assassination and elevation lets start sprinting/boosting/running while you are right on top of them .
this allows you to match their speed and start with almost no gap .
we 'll talk about bait in the next section .
the other way you can close the gap between players is if they 're not paying attention to their radar .
this allows you to sprint/boost towards them long enough to catch up .
the trick here is recognizing when a player will be aware of their radar and when they wo n't be .
a flanking/close quarters playstyle will be the most successful in this .
see players can only focus on one or two things at a time .
learning to recognize when someone has tunnel vision when they 're too absorbed with something else to notice you on the radar will go a long way to netting you those sweet neck taps .
snipers who are not reloading first shot then pause is good
sun tzu said make a noise in the east then attack in the west . ''
halo 5 has a short radar range so use it !
if someone 's sprinting past you it 's okay to sprint after them just keep a decent distance and slow down when they slow down .
follow them until they tunnel vision on something then strike .
it 's got a 2 minute timer and it 's never marked so you should always be able to get it .
you can walk at full speed without revealing yourself on radar and if you crouch in a corner you can fool even attentive players .
be patient but pick someone to follow and do it .
sprinting after them is wasting the camo so if they take off you should just find a high traffic area and look for another target .
assassinating will remove your camo during the animation but you 'll quickly regain it .
if your entire focus is to be a ninja or farm the commendation do n't worry about your k/d .
i find i average 1 or 2 assassinations a game playing a flanking style but if i do n't care about dying i can get anywhere from 4 to 6 .
just remember if you 're close enough to assassinate someone you could probably be killing them with your other weapons .
you do n't have to die to get assassinations but it is a faster way to rack up medals .
the biggest problem posed by halo 5 is that you can no longer sprint up to people from behind and assassinate them .
spartan charge instead of playing your cool animation you received from cracking that gold req pack will toss the guy forward like a sack of potatoes .
now you 're still getting kills but if you 're like me the primary way you used to get assassinations is now gone .
save 343 allowing spartan charges from behind to trigger an assassination you 'll need a new tactic .
at the point when you were going to trigger spartan charge on the moving enemy hit your boost button then quickly melee and hold .
it 's very slightly slower than the old run 'n punch but you 'll be surprised at the lunge range you have on someone 's back .
the boost takes you out of sprint which allows the animation and medal to trigger .
i 've found this to be the most effective way except for a short sprint from a hiding place of nabbing a running passerby and it greatly helped my assassination game .
assassinations are easier if you can find people with tunnel vision and if you boost at the end of your sprint you can avoid spartan charging someone while still closing the gap .
i know hastings has a few locations in the suburbs but i 'm looking for something like the old hollywood video or blockbuster stores .
so i average around 200fps in 5v5 servers but my friend just logged into his account on my computer and was averaging 400fps for some reason .
i 've seen a few things about inventory size screwign with fps but my inventory is really small like 50 items so i do n't know what it could be but it 's extremely annoying because i 'm trying to play competitively and he does n't really play at all .
if you know how to fix this please help because i 'm gon na kill myself .
use to use it pre-rs3 at frost dragons it came with a cool looking animation .
decided to do some tonight and i didnt see its effects happen at all
just wondering how things stand between roman seth and dean in terms of their real life friendship .
do they get along well or is there some animosity between them ?
i think i have heard roman and dean get along well but have n't confirmed but have n't heard much about their relation with seth .
i 've heard seth seems to get along with plenty of people backstage but never anything specific about how he gets along with roman or dean .
i have seen numerous instances where people think that voter registration is closed in ny .
new voters those who have never voted before or have never been registered in ny can register up until march 25th .
we all did a great job getting the word out about the october 9th deadline for changing party affiliation but i think a number of people got the impression that october 9th was the deadline for all registration .
if it 's anyone 's fault it 's the state for having such a stupid rule it was difficult to get the concept across to people who were unfamiliar with party voting .
if you are a new voter never registered in ny state before you can register online here !
and if you are not a new york resident then choose your state from the list table below .
for these states i 've linked to the rock the vote registration tool .
you just fill in your info and the app automatically fills out a federal voter registration form which you can print out and mail in .
the coolest part of this app is it sends regular reminder emails to make sure you send in the application .
and it sends out reminder emails for election day .
for caucus/primary dates and registration deadlines check out voteforbernie.org !
note if you would like to copy this comment and it 's reddit specific formatting so you can reply with this information to others you can find the plaintext here .
https docs.google.com/document/d/1s6hgi5dou-jcv6xwa3jtfuz-9oqg1mekmvrt7dhzhsa/edit ? usp=sharing just copy the text and paste it into your reddit reply or post .
i reposted this because my previous post has already sunk and is n't getting new answers .
i can offer the following shiny pokemon in exchange for them
only if you can clone them and give me the original back .
so at 930pm halloween night 2 people knocked on my door and fed me some bullshit story about how they were hungry and wanted to rake my pretty much non existing leaves for 20 .
i 'm pretty sure they were just checking to see if anyone was home so they could break in .
the talker was a tall thin blonde guy with a hat .
the other person was thin with black hair and a touque .
i 'm not sure if it was a guy or girl .
the young beauty rocked back and forth as the stormy seas around lys ravaged her sides the crew prepared themselves for docking as the slave ship neared the port of lys .
the stormclouds overhead slowly drifted off as the sunny beauty of lys revealed itself revealing a black falcon circling overhead the ship .
the falcon dived towards the vessel with a cry and with stunning grave perched itself on the side of the ship next to a man overlooking the shifting sea .
the figure was dressed in black finery and had the neat dark hair to accent his clothing .
he was a tall man roughly six and half feet and wore a grim expression on his face .
a dark stubble covered his lower face and he looked at the falcon as one would look at any old friend .
the man revealed a small mouse he had been palming and outstretched his arm as if to offer the meal to the falcon .
the mouse sensed the threat yet before it could climb up the man 's arm the falcon had it in its beak and began devouring the helpless creature .
the falcon was black with a white chin and seemed to be well trained as it lowered his head towards the man whom petted it gently around its neck .
the strange westerosi spoke softly towards the falcon enjoy my love you 'll soon have access to more than just mice where we 're going ... .
the captain of young beauty bellowed orders to the crew as the ship began to head into the busy port of lys and the splendid beauty of lys began to reveal itself to the volentine crew .
the port was busy as slave and free man alike were loading and unloading cargo on various ships it was said that lysian slaves outnumbered citizens three to one and it was visually apparent .
from the ship the man made out several landmarks he was familiar with such as the temple to r'hllor and the statue to the goddess of love the latter dominated the golden city and was quite the symbol of beauty .
lys truly was n't lacking in attraction as the nobles of lys were known to flaunt their wealth with gemstones and lavender fountains it was beauty even the stranger could enjoy .
as the man was taking in the scenery a sailor patted him on the back .
whatever it is we 'll be docking here soon captain says you already paid your dues so you can take whatever luggage you have and head off.
alyn baratheon wrinkled his nose as the sailor walked off volentines he thought in disgust .
he had spent some time amongst them in volantis and still could barely understand a thing they said in their bastard language .
the scion eyed his falcon and whispered to the black bird .
the falcon let out a cry as it took flight over the city of lys alyn watched on for but a brief moment before going into the hold to fetch his things from his bunk .
as the man climbed down into the hold he took in the stink for the last time .
he had spent several weeks with the volentine slave ship and the slaves down here had quite the stench .
alyn toughed through it as he reached his bunk his cloak and journal were resting on the top of his bed .
the man adorned himself with his black cloak and buried his journal under his finery he was quite ready to get a real bed with a young beauty of his own in it with him .
for the final time alyn stepped back onto the deck of the young beauty and took in the beauty of lys .
the ship had thrown anchor and began preparing to offload their slaves to take to the market but it seemed the sailors were more excited to hit up the local pillow houses then anything .
alyn raised his hood over his head to conceal his face and walked down the gangplank to the pier .
he brushed past the various sailors slaves and merchants as he headed for the nearest pillow house
as the former lord paramont of the stormlands walked into the city of lys his falcon flew overhead and let out its cry signalling a new chapter in the adventures of alyn baratheon .
i did a small edit on a misspelled tag and a couple of hours later the counter suddenly shows 4 and not 250 like it did earlier .
it actually shows 255 the first second when i reload the page before it switches to 4 again .
i currently have a g430 headset and absolutely love it .
unfortunately my usb sound card for it has given up after a few years of heavy use and now i 'm stuck using stereo sound .
i 've looked on youtube and ca n't find a comparison between the g35 and g430 so i was hoping someone here may have owned the 2 and can shed some light on it for me .
i would go the g633 headset but its out of my budget range
if you want to come get some free levels add me on steam .
i have some runes lying around and i need help for them .
leave your psn name and i will help you with yours d
i 'm looking to run kings fall blind from the start .
i have started before but only barely did n't get to open the first door .
it 's not enough to know what kinds of things to add but i have to know exactly which make/model of the bigger ticket items to add .
how far into a baby 's life does a registry cover ?
like would i put a walker on there or is that too far ahead ?
the annual space survival movie is upon us a month ago .
can ridley scott 's the martian stand up to the oscar-winning gravity and interstellar ?
mark watney matt damon is a botanist abandoned on mars presumed dead .
he has no way to communicate with nasa and limited food supplies .
while he fights for his life on a desolate planet a host of other characters played by big-time celebrities are working around the clock to bring him home .
my biggest issue with most ridley scott movies is pacing .
everything he does is over two hours long and feels like three .
the martian is 144 minutes long and it feels like a 100 minute movie .
this is due to several different factors most notably a long list of problems and characters who figure out how to solve them .
watching anyone solve impossible problems is way more entertaining than we think .
i think the best part of this movie is i believed everything i saw and heard from it .
nothing seemed impossible and there were so many breathtaking shots whether from mars earth or the hermes .
every performance was excellent but i try as i might i ca n't separate donald glover from his role on community .
the level of realism scott reaches through this literally anything can go wrong storytelling is instrumental in gripping the audience in a sci-fi film this long .
the only real complaint i might have is that it glosses over some scientific details .
interstellar was filled to the brim with expository dialogue describing scientific theory and why and how everything works the way it does .
the martian achieves a balance between a classroom and a movie and it works really well .
finally a space movie with a docking sequence that is n't ridiculously dramatized but still makes me hold my breath .
i do n't understand how to zone out players and abuse/take stage control .
i 'm constantly run over by other player since i ca n't make them respect my space especially when playing vs spacies and peach .
i try throwing out lots of sh fairs but i only get the occassional lucky preemptive one and am punished most the time .
how much travel time should my friend 26f and i 25f give ourselves ?
we have two weeks flying into cancun and then traveling down the coast into belize starting dec 21 jan 4 .
anything we should cut out of our planned trip ?
hey just wanted to say that this is part one to a story i want to tell through poems which will eventually become one long coherent tale .
if you guys like this enough i 'll keep it up and post more .
cpt.sparklez started his new series with wag and the descrription of it had this in it
'' also no this is not a replacement for mianite peoples .
so we can pretty certainly assume that there will be a mianite s3 ?
because up till now it 's mostly been speculations about there likely going to be a s3 .
hi all decided to try pauper on mtgo and trying to figure out which deck to play
borrowed it from a friend and loved the value of everything
stompy also play it in modern pretty cheap and fat
mono b control first started playing mbd in theros standard
look son there 's a forest fire a couple hundred miles north of you .
i need you to get on a plane 5 minutes ago and photograph the hell out of that forest .
the photographer grabs all of his equipment and rushes to the airport .
he gets on a private jet and says to the pilot just fly ! ! ''
after a very difficult takeoff the pilot asks why do you have all of those cameras ? ''
so what you 're saying is that you aren't my flight instructor ? ''
golden freddy 's fnaf2 appearance golden freddy was fredbear from the old fredbear friends however as the old animatronics were attempted for retrofitting he was being turned into freddy fazbear but was left unfinished with his hat and part of his body repainted and his endo removed
sister location fredbear 's fredbear was to be turned into freddy cause of the upcoming reopenings freddy fazbear 's pizza going on for about a month getting action figures and criminal detecting kid friendly toy animatronics and fredbear 's family diner a growing branch wishing to get more characters featuring sprin animatronics who can be worn by humans and endos
the fall of '87 the below detailed springlock incident and the bite of '87 no 83 for me !
if they killed fritz would that count as a malfunction ?
or maybe them being fully cranked up would be one ?
the springlock incident it happens after the minigame where the child meets a fredbear wearing man and purple guy puts someone into springbonnie in fnaf4 .
no one is seen wearing them after that right ?
shadows in fnaf2 and 3 those guys are the shadow animatronics in 2 not very interested in taking revenge for their deaths they vanish after 2 .
shadow freddy worked trying to retrofit the old ones shadow bonnie worked on the toys .
that 's why each one looks a different generation .
phone guy 's spirit working with purple guy to destroy the animatronics who murdered him .
mistery freddy he 's just an empty spare golden freddy saved for spoops .
3 's guard hallucinates him closer since he might normally be out of sight normally .
warning straw grasping ahead takes place in the fnaf1 location when purple guy returns pinning the blame on foxy who is now out of order ' .
these five other children are the phantoms except puppet who is the normal puppet child staying behind to make sure purple guy finally dies .
only 5 children fade in the night 5 minigame in 3 right ?
the phantoms are based of off puppet-kid 's memories aided hrough 3 's guard 's poor vent sistem .
the good ending minigames are puppet-kid taking different forms to savethem .
the bad ending is if he does n't save the phantoms .
finally at the happiest day the last 6 children are pust to rest ...
tell me what you think of these theories or what i got wrong !
lf1m for 2 games of too to finish of the gold tier bounty .
i 've been checking shops over the last week but i 've found nothing so far .
there seem to be a few on ebay going for 300
in this video arnold talks about how he would confuse his muscles by doing something different every single workout .
is his way of training more effective for someone who has n't lifted for a long time or is it for those who are already near their peak and want just a little more ?
i 'm asking because i just started the phat program and switching from a ppl which i was very lenient with as i would add and remove exercises as i pleased i was planning on following the program as laid out with little to no variation .
i levelled my mining skill i am now level 78 .
i literally just saw someone who was dressed up as pregnant spencer for halloween and it honesty scared me because that 's taking shipping to a whole new fucked up obsession level
i respect limits i want to love and be loved .
however there is some deep fucked up part of me that is looking for something .
i have been looking for a very special little girl .
eager to please to submit to succumb to perversion .
if you are lucky then you are not her .
if you are lucky then you were not born with that peculiar engine that drives one to self-destruction .
if you are lucky you do not want to give up control over your life and become a man 's whore .
i am deeply sorry for what i will do to you .
a slavish sopping wet whore who lives to please me .
i want to fucking ruin you so you are incapable of functioning without me .
it is hard to convey in words the deep perversion i want to visit on you .
how hard i am thinking about you crawling to me ass in the air tongue out with love in your eyes .
if however you want this wretched life then tell me your name and age .
or else you 're going to show up to work an hour early !
so i am aware that i run the risk of sounding really weird asking this but in this movie there is a woman who is hold a glass of water then this older priest-looking guy is kind of inspecting her .
he makes her remove her clothes and then the woman who is obviously uncomfortable drops the glass of water and it shatters then she runs out of the room .
i believe the actress involved is also in a newer movie but i am not too sure .
what is it like studying in uni of melbourne compared to monash uni ?
could anyone share what are the great or not so great aspects of each school for consideration ?
for a holistic education which uni would you go for a bachelor of business commerce degree ?
does monash university give more practical training such as opportunities to participate in class hands-on exercises and better student teacher ratio than uni of melbourne ?
i have a hard time choosing between the two because monash seems to have better teacher-student ratio which could translate to better teaching but uni of melbourne has the prestige .
hope to hear from anyone or any students who studied there !
so i 'm learning to design databases and actually coding them and it 's been fun but i have no idea how to get my database like up to a server and then maybe connect it to a website .
could maybe someone guide me to some way where i can learn it step by step ?
let 's say i made a small database with cars or something and now i wan na get it connected to a website so that i can type in the queries through an html site .
getting a new amp 300 watts x 1 4-ohms 500 watts x 1 2-ohms .
what is better 2 4 ohms or 1 2 ohms ?
will i just be wasting trunk space with the 2 subs ?
i killed 10 tormented demons fewer tormented souls in the world must be a good thing .
on this ltsa page https www.nzta.govt.nz/vehicles/licensing-rego/number-plates it says that if you use a bike rack you need to shell out money to get a supplementary plate not much like 20 .
see the section are your plates obscured by a bike rack or other object ? ''
at the bottom under the section number plate offences '' it says that it is an offense to show your own plate .
today i saw someone with a bike rack who had a laminated printout of their license plate number on the back .
is this allowed or does it breach the ltsa rule on official plates ?
i would love if the devs would change the oddity in weather on how entering and leaving an interior changes the weather outside .
i get this so much and i do not understand it !
i would also like them to add better item placement since it is n't the best i want to be able to place my gun on the corner of a building !
blizzards still do n't last as long as i would like since i only play stalker i want blizzards to at least last 6 hours and normally last 14 taking an entire day of sitting indoors .
also i have found out that you ca n't stop extinguishing a torch which makes me loose a lot of matches if i am trying to look around my base .
feel free to place your own ideas in the comments .
nothing to do with compasses or electricity since the devs already said that is n't going to happen .
i have 8 12 20 26 50 53 66 75 x2 78 89 92 and 95 .
i need 2 3 4 6 7 9 15 16 17 22 23 25 27 28 29 30 32 33 35 37 40 41 43 44 46 55 56 57 58 59 60 61 62 65 67 70 71 72 73 74 76 77 79 80 81 82 84 85 86 88 90 91 93 94 96 98 99 and 100 .
been looking at a chromebook partially for personal purposes like want for a new gadget but like a few of its features .
anyway i often have to ssh or console at customer sites .
i 've done a little research and have seen some serial db9 to usb which could work for that purpose .
just wondering if any of you guys are running chromebooks or throw out your mobile battle stations .
edit looks like i 've seen enough to try it out i read an article or two like people have mentioned about running a dual boot w linux .
i 'll probably be picking up a 4gb celeron trying to find one with a rj-45 jack but after everything is said and done i do n't know if i can move from the evil one known as windows .
the comic seems to heavily imply that he does assuming dr. genus ' theories are correct .
although there 's probably a pretty high chance that was just a fakeout in order to hype up his impending fight .
garou did break his limiter and the next time they meet he will be as strong as siatama .
garou broke his limiter but due to some technical reason he still can never beat siatama .
for instance siatama does n't have any limit to his powers therefore it 's impossible for garou to ever catch up
garou just had a bog standard hidden potential unlock like most heroes and monsters go through rather than actually breaking his limit .
this honestly seems like it 's the most likely as a martial arts genius '' garou hardly seems very average like siatama was
garou was about to break his limiter but homeless 's god suddenly fused him with a bunch of extra power to prevent him from doing so .
this one seems pretty far fetched but like what if man ?
my wife read some blog of a lady who typed out the bom and came up with all kinds of insights '' in the process about word choices of certain authors . ''
she thought it would be a fun project to take on herself .
i told her that 's what computers are for .
so i made this spreadsheet https docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1utldbfwichp8iwp_hklacj6vr98pitnyvy_hanspcni/edit ? usp=sharing .
so i found a text file of the bom and reformatted it into this spreadsheet .
so far i 've got the book chapter verse and word columns filled in .
i would like to fill in who 's speaking date as reported at the lower right of each page and page number columns .
i could think of more columns to add but google has a 2 million cell limit on their spreadsheets
this would be too tedious a task for one person to tackle .
so why am i asking a bunch of you to pitch in ?
this will be available to anybody who wants it in the future .
also here 's a few interesting things i 've found so far with just a few minutes of analysis
sheep 26 plus 85 flock variants that may or may not be sheep
the emphasis on only some of the things you should do compared to love and charity .
there 's still a lot more that can be done with a data set like this .
hopefully this will be useful and exciting to others .
you would think they suck but they kill you in a couple seconds if they catch you and manage an accurate barrage of fire on you .
i 've had more than one instance where a marine saved my life or helps me defend a base on my own .
whenever i clear out an enemy base the first targets i always watch out for and take out are the marines because they seriously can kill you much faster than an enemy player can .
mirroring your new nexus screen to a tv might prove to be a bit harder this time around .
nexus fans planning to fall back on miracast receivers xbox one microsoft wireless display stick netgear push2tv line to compensate their new baby 's lack of hdmi/slimport support in case you did n't know better think again in a very apple-esque move google seems to have effectively striped this feature out of the new nexus 6p marshmallow builds .
introduced back with android 4.2 'jelly bean ' miracast was a big deal at the time but had been separated from the normal 'cast ' menu at some point in time and hidden behind a 'enable wireless wisplay ' ticker in the overflow menu .
well i am sorry to report that this box is nowhere to be found on the nexus 6p .
now might be a good time to put some money on a chromecast or some other google cast enabled device if you have n't already.. ﻿
first two screenshots taken with a nexus 5 the others with a nexus 6p
if it 's sadness then why is it such a positive experience ?
and if it 's happiness then how can i feel it in such a negative way ?
has anyone looked at your crotch for confirmation of your gender ?
it happened ago today and it really creeped me out that someone was looking at my crotch .
it 's my most dysphoric part of my body .
please have a mic and be willing to beat this tonight .
does it make more sense to you for the tornado appearing because max is bending time and space or because she changes fate ?
even though fate is something predetermined '' could n't you change things based on your actions or would it just be predetermined '' you were meant to do or ?
i 've been exposed to a lot of american media throughout my life so i know what a pumpkin looks like i know that people carve them into lanterns and they are a halloween symbol .
but i do n't think i 've ever had any pumpkin .
they 're not really a popular food around here .
what are some delicious yet easy pumpkin recipes that i could get started with ?
anybody knows where i can get quality roasted coffee beans ?
i 'm looking for a fresh kind as i want an upgrade from the starbucks beans i 've been using .
i 've seen on some competitive games they are placing sentry on some camps and im so curious that it may block the camp
how is the grade for the ng shop determined ?
it is n't the grade you get for battles or item offering because then it should be much more than i have in the shop .
so last night i went to a superb lecture and q a by brian cox and apollo 8 13 commander jim lovell a personal hero of mine as a man that embodies fantastic quality traits such as resilience determination and staying unbelievably cool in spite of life-threatening danger etc etc .
i had already printed out the full size render of the apollo flightplan panorama seen here as another example http imgur.com/a/e3ver
and last night i had it signed by one of my space heroes !
it 's not often we get things like this in the uk but i 'm so glad he made the journey over .
i 'd like to try sweep build on upcoming 5week league on hc of course .
is there any good hc tested build that i could follow ?
just got home from working all day at two different jobs .
i love coming home getting stoned and listening to tunes knowing full well that i absolutely fucking deserve it .
hi all i am trying to find a good recipe for beef rendang of the saucy variety and not totally dry .
each recipe i find tends to be totally different so i would be very appreciative if someone could give me their tried and tested go-to recipe for this .
to date i ca n't find good literature which describes in detail how a photon occurs when an electron moves from an outside track '' around an atomic nucleus to an inside track '' .
the formula of rydberg does describe the wavelength of the generated photon but the further physical details of which i have as noted still not found are not described in the formula of rydberg .
should i consider the electron as the source of the photon ?
furthermore i could n't find anything so far about the length of the transmitted pulse .
that period must be at least one of which said wavelength long so at least lambda/c sec .
can anyone give me one or more references for this ?
i 've read kojima 's thoughts about the novel of mgsv and that metaphor about the musician and how v '' is a blank space it reached me so a few ideas crossed my mind and i decided to merge them into some sort of story that ties the 11 year gap between mgsv and mg1 and gives a proper ending to venom rather than the timeline message .
the story is told through the perspective of venom from his thoughts and feelings mostly because he is very introspective as you can appreciate from the game and i also want to give him more presence without erasing his avatar to the player status '' .
this story is my way to thank mr.kojima and his team the unforgettable 15 years that i 've known the series and also my way to thank all of you fans of metal gear like me for all the fun i had reading posts a seeing images in the reddit pages of metal gear .
if you have any comment/idea/critic anything p just share it please i want this to be a project from fans to fans thank you .
edit i forgot to put the link p http skylordffs.deviantart.com/art/mgvprologue-569494068
here is a listing of events coming up this week http 248am.com/events
did you do/see/eat anything interesting in the past week in kuwait ?
do you have anything interesting planned for this week ?
some backstory as to why i was there i go to herb island since its super close to my house and i can make metal runs like 3 times a day doing that and yes i did see the base it looks abandoned in the gulley like thing but there are also smaller houses on the island that belong to other tribes as well as rafts that are just left so i assumed it was a non hostile area but as it turns out the base on herb island has an auto turret with no warning and no signs announcing it being there .
i looked on the land clan map and no one owns that place so it baffles me as to why someone would put a turret .
to be honest i do n't think that solos or tribes should have turrets outside their houses nor do i think kingdoms have turrets that attack things that are not within their boundaries .
since the volcano is no longer a viable area to get metal since iron armada has murder birds up there and own another metal mountain the spartans own a mountain for metal ragnarok has a mountain the point being that all the mountains are owned and i make it a point to fly almost to the sky box cap as not to agro anything inside there and to look for qs .
it begs the question can we please have at least one area where solos tribes and even kingdoms can go to get metal and not have to constantly look over their shoulders or retame some bird that got blasted for being there .
if nothing else just post no fly zones a billboard with a single line of text does n't quantify as a warning .
a generator with lights and contrasting color text and sign would be awesome make the gen public so people can refill it with gas .
gon na need a picture of frolik cellying the shit out of that last goal gon na need a pic big enough to for a desktop ! ! !
i mean obviously the technology might not be there yet considering how annoying it can be to control stuff like tibbers but i think that 'd be a good idea .
even if you could n't focus on both champions at least you could use some important actives or spells or ults .
and when they come back they get their control back .
i just noticed that the time was wrong on my chromebook .
i checked the timezone and it was set to automatically set my time based on my location .
it was set to pst 8 vancouver but my time zone is 7 mst dawson creek .
this time zone is the same as phoenix so i turned off the automatic setting and changed it to phoenix .
all my other devices dealt with dst or lack thereof fine tonight .
tl dr did n't succeed at going on a date with papyrus and instead skipped the fight by losing 3 times .
first of all no spoilers i only beat '' papyrus and hung out with him .
so i could n't figure out how to flirt with papyrus he was too busy fighting sic to flirt back .
so i found out that if i lose to him 3 times he gets tired of fighting that was me this time and i can skip the fight and hang out with him .
but according to my brother who watched a walkthrough you are supposed to flirt with him and date him and he did n't know you can skip the fight .
so do i have to reset my save file or is it good enough just to hang out with him ?
would growing up in a different gravity environment change how a human looks ?
ive come to a point in my wedding planning where im trying to cost cut and see where i can save the most money .
being practical my fh and i really just wan na get married .
all the other stuff is just a bonus and that includes flowers and decor .
so ive decided a more diy theme to be practical .
ive considered paper flowers as bouquets corsages and bouttoniers .
any advice or things you wish you knew before hand ?
if you have any pictures id love to see them .
thank you for all the help and advice ive gotten on weddit before .
i have stored some credit on the sbena_bot but since quite a long time have n't seen this bot have any tickets in its binder .
can anyone confirm whether this bot has also gone to the dark side scam of a 'no-tix-system ' ?
so there 's this guy in my group of friends that i fell for .
i decided to tell him a week ago without expecting anything out of it .
but surprinsingly he responded by saying that he likes me too and that he has thought of me in that way several times and that he would see himself with me .
but then he said he has to think hard about this as he is quite 'toxic ' and cinical right now and ca n't get very attached so he does n't want to hurt me .
we decided we would get together one of these days so we could talk about it more thoroughly .
this past week we 've barely talked and we met accidentaly on one of the days and he said we should go out during the weekend but he never mentioned it again afterwards .
i called him the other day and he said he 's going out with some friends on sunday and i should join them if i wanted to..
i am not sure what he really feels and why he does n't say anything about our discussion.. what should i do ?
should i confront him about it and ask if he had made a decision ?
in jc3 you arent essentially helping gangs but a full blown rebellion .
in jc1 there was decent backup with assault on cities and so on .
will it be there or will it be one man run again ?
its getting little stupid taking entire island over by yourself .
there is difference between being the rebellion ace in the hole and their superweapon and taking over entire fucking island yourself with no backup .
the hltv top 3 teams all out in quarterfinal .
if they make it to the finale i even can see them winning it against nip/navi .
i bought an n3ds in australia but i have n't really used the eshop yet .
so my question is this which is the best regional eshop to use and can i just factory-reset select that region and create an eshop account for it ?
can i create an irish nnid and use that to buy binding of isaac or legend of legacy ?
would it be better to create an irish uk american or japanese account ?
i do n't speak/read japanese at all so is language locked to region or is that separate ?
havent seen it on here yet found this out the other day
i have 20m to spend on those builds.i mostly play with others that i do n't know.i do n't own any dlc.please reply since for now i only have a really bad stealth build which was made 4 months ago or so .
i came from a country that did n't have a halloween .
i took quite a bit of ibuprofen and ended up with a duodenal ulcer .
i stopped the anti-inflammatories and was put on omeprazole but 9 months later it 's still there .
i have an anxiety disorder but was told stress does not really cause ulcers .
i 'm desperate to heal now any idea why it is n't yet gone ?
i know that the question has been asked multiple times already but i am still on the hunt for dead space 3 's launch trailer song the cover for in the air tonight .
it is actually kind of frustrating because usually it only takes a year or two before an amazing cover for a game trailer gets dug up from the deep web for the rest of us to enjoy but ea 's pretty adamant on keeping us in the dark ...
i remember reading recently on a yahoo answer page that someone found out that supposedly visceral actually tweaked the original phil collins song to fit the game however i call bs .
mostly because after listening to the way it is pitched the way the voice sounds and the use of the instruments it seems impossible for it to be anything but a cover .
has anyone else had better luck finding this elusive song in the last 2 years of searching ?
hey guys im tripping right now i was just wondering if you have some cool sites i could check out or movies to watch
edit i wo n't be updating the costumes links as i have quit this game for about 2 months now .
really sorry to those i did not reply as i forgot about this thread .
so for those who are asking questions on costume updates pricing etc .
i 'm afraid i ca n't answer those questions .
re-posting this here as i just found out about this sub .
this is for those who are curious what costumes are available for the current units .
some costumes may not be there due to limited availability are not yet released .
all the names of the unreleased units were referenced from the korean tier list .
i have split up the costumes into individual albums for easier viewing .
me and some friends are rebooting our world valeria http i.imgur.com/7wh9wae.png and starting from scratch .
we 're starting to redevelop the climate and history again .
would like someone to consult with for certain things i 'm not so certain about .
i currently only moisturise with a rosehip cream exfoliate occasionally with a scrub and glove and cleanse with a cheap charcoal wash when i remember or gasp bar soap .
i 'm looking to upgrade this routine to improve my skin .
dry and flaky when i miss a few days moisturising flakes around lower face greater forehead and t zone
nose very susceptible to plugged sebacious filaments and some blackheads
rare pimples 1 or 2 a week but when i do get them almost always on my chin/lip region or sometimes my nose
i like to keep it minimalistic i 'm pretty impatient and do n't want to deal with more than 10 products or 5 honestly
if reccing specific products i live in sydney australia so please bear that in mind i can ship in if it 's a really great product but would prefer not to
i 've been thinking about it and it makes a lot of sense .
oath will have 3 of the enemy man lands .
the introduction of soi shadows over innistrad will rotate ktk and thus the allied fetches .
maro stated that oath will have two cycles in its expeditions .
it seems unlikely that bfz block would get two sets of enemy lands with one set of allied lands .
wizards tends to have no more than one rare land of each dual color in a block .
also it seems strange that wotc would put a large fraction of the enemy man lands in oath and still have 5 more enemy lands in the set to go on top of those .
it would have made more sense for all 5 man lands to be in bfz .
enemy tangos in oath would allow all 10 fetchable duals to exist in standard alongside fetch lands for a few months .
this would but even more insane than what we have now .
having them in soi means that ktk rotates and we have 10 tangos with no fetches .
it makes most sense that we 're getting 4 full cycles of 10 and one half cycle .
well bfz had the half cycle allied tangos and maro said that oath would have 2 cycles which brings us up to the full 45 .
seems that we wo n't be finishing the tangos in expeditions .
granted there 's ways to work around this such as including a mystery half cycle all 10 tangos and all 10 mystery lands in oath packs but it seems needlessly complicated .
it would have made more sense for expeditions to have 40 cards and for all 10 tangos to be in oath with no tangos in bfz .
since original inn had only enemy lands despite allied ability lands it stands to reason they might continue this pattern .
this point is kinda loose and not very telling .
finally i think it would make sense if going forward new cycles of lands were introduced across blocks .
due to the new 2 block structure this means we get a half cycle in one large set then the other half of the cycle in another large set in the next block .
i think this works better than having 3 blocks worth of rare lands in standard at any given time .
i know there are some hopefuls wishing that inn will have enemy fetch lands but i do n't see that as realistic and this seems to fill a lot more holes .
need thaurissan to hit charge and alex plus have 5 total power on board .
easiest is with a gorehowl but done it with a fiery war axe and a cruel taskmaster before as well .
basically i just jammed one charge and thaurissan into a genericish control warrior .
it 's probably worse than a more normal list but it just feels really satisfying to otk someone out of nowhere
ok so this week i built my first iron farm i am using nim 's 10x10 farm and it works perfectly .
i built another one roughly 80 blocks from the last one .
so at this time i have 2 iron farms .
now here 's where i think i fucked up i have built the shell of 2 more farms and the 4 farms form a sign .
i do n't know if this is correct but i went 41 blocks in each direction thinking it 'd work .
after i built the 2 last farms without villagers i can mention did it fuck up my 2 first ?
they still spawn iron golems but i feel as if it is much much slower .
so how far apart do they have to be to be efficient ?
now to my second question nim 's said i had to get 10 villagers but it can room 14 .
how much of a difference is there between 10 and 14 villagers ?
does anyone have any tips on how i can shuffle more neatly ?
when i overhand shuffle sometimes the cards will flip sideways as i pull my right hand up to take off a few cards from the pack .
this mostly happens when i take off more than half the deck to shuffle .
should the two piles of cards be parallel when shuffling or should they be at a specific angle ?
also any tips on how to make the cards run more fluidly when riffling cards ?
i sometimes get clumps of 2 cards when i riffle shuffle .
after the headshot topic https www.reddit.com/r/mecoop/comments/3pyjym/is_the_turian_soldier_the_only_dedicated_headshot from a week ago and discovering that i was falling behind on my pistol mastery challenges i 'm super ocd and like to keep my challenge progress even i decided to look for a character that could get me to use the m-11 suppressor for the first time .
of course it had to not only be fun you 're using the superspy weapon but also effective why not try and max out your headshot bonuses ?
i 've tried it on the volus adept and the drellfiltrator and discovered that this is n't a bad gun .
it 's forgiving doubly so if you have the magazine upgrade and can even drop dragoons surprisingly quickly if you land a couple headshots .
and not only does it lend itself to a bit of a different playstyle you can feel like you 're dispatching enemies in true style cleanly removing heads from shoulders with a gun that 's got its own 12-inch voice .
i 'm curious what builds people find effective because i did this on a whim and perhaps i 'm not doing it right .
that said it was fun to come up with some builds for the intelligence services of the galaxy .
a quick search tells me someone already came up with the drell one https www.reddit.com/r/mecoop/comments/1d82ps/the_true_assassin_drell_assassin_headshot_build but i wanted to take things one step further considering the suppressor 's limited ammo and effectiveness against bosses
a veteran of systems alliance spycraft a master sniper and expert marksman who keeps it cool in any situation .
pros tactical cloak the excellent cryo blast debuff and the always-handy combat roll
pros stylish popped collar coolest-looking melee ... oh and great recon mine debuff passives and speed
cons a bit squishy ... even more so if you spec for further melee
living dangerously this femme fatale has looks and skills that can kill .
pros immobilization and 50 debuff via stasis warp debuff and biotic combos for armor
cons no fitness as specced and not much to help survival unless you sacrifice something
our friend from khar'shan makes heads drop with fist and finger .
cons a spy who plays loud and ca n't dodge ... the suppressor on his pistol is just for show
pros can cloak and roll his way out of trouble backs up stasis with blue balls of debuff cooldown
i 've been planning to reseal my car for a while and finally have the chance to do it tonight but i just have a few questions before i go ahead with it .
i sealed my car not too long ago but i did n't do a very good job of it and i only did one layer but clay barred and polished it very well .
i washed my car today and did the plastic bag test .
i have n't felt anything on any of the horizontal surfaces .
do i need to clay bar still before i do my polish or am i right to just go ahead with the polish ?
i used a supermarket plastic bag is that right ?
and how many minutes between each layer should i leave it to drive for ?
i want this to last 6-9 months with occasional waxes in between to maintain .
so this girl and i have known each other for 4 weeks now we 've hungout once because she has a ridiculously busy life .
the one time we hungout i took her to the mall everything was working out perfectly no awkwardness conversation just naturally flowing without problems .
i 've been extremely open with her about how i feel about her and 2 weeks ago we told each other that we both really like one another .
just a few days ago she asked to borrow 120 and i said no .
i told her that it was n't that i did n't trust her but it 's the fact that we 've met 2 times in person and we barely know each other .
all my friends are telling me that i need to move on and find a girl that wants to be with me for me but i 'm falling head over heels for her and i do n't wan na move on or be with someone else .
i want to talk to her and basically ask her how she really feels about me but it 's a complete mess and i just need some other opinions from educated people on the internet .
important fact i 'm 18 and i 've never been with a girl before this is all new to me
it is the first time i leave my hometown since quitting so far so good .
update the pullman stopped for ten minutes on the way back .
a wall of people elbowed and cursed its way out for a quick smoke i never thought i used to look so desperate throughout most of my adult life .
i got out too but for my stretching routine .
it felt good not to have to do something .
so i usually check my server subscriptions and indexes about once a year or until something goes wrong to make sure everything is hunkey-dory .
i 've just got my indexes all up and refreshed and now having a look at my providers .
i only just realised that i have two providers on the same tier .
i use usenetserver as my primary and i have a block account with tweaknews .
i 'm also looking for a third server and final server .
i 22m think i am in an abusive mentally relationship with my girlfriend 22f .
i would like to hear what you all think about this .
some background my girlfriend and i met in college of freshman year both graduated this year and we now live together .
my relationship usually seems happy on the outside at least to everyone else around me but inside i feel like whenever we are together i am walking on egg shells .
this is because my she has a bad temper and is extremely stubborn and head headed .
she ca n't admit she is wrong about anything when she is upset until after the fact .
this does not go well with my extremely laid back nature .
for example today she was entering hours for work and i was n't doing anything so i decided to call and set up an oil change for her upon getting to the point where they begin asking for her information my gf blows up at me saying how it would have been easier if she made the call herself annoyed by the fact that i had to ask for her info in the middle of a call .
all i was trying to do was be helpful and save some time because we would be hanging out later and i was n't doing anything in return she yells at me saying how i messed it up .
i do n't know about you but i would be so happy if someone proactively wanted to help you save time .
i would also like to mention that i never start fights in our relationship .
every time she does something wrong i always keep a positive attitude and find a solution and then laugh it off when it 's done .
when it 's the other way around for example when i did n't make the bed one time because i woke up a little later than expected for work she went off on me when she found out and made me feel like garbage about it .
i have never not left the bed unmade since then even if it meant being late .
not only does she go off on me for every little thing i do wrong she sometimes goes off on me when she is stressed and i was not the cause of it .
every time we do something or we have the plan something i try to be vague or just have her decide this is because i am afraid one of my answers will set her off and my day will be ruined again .
this will cause her to go off on me for not making a solid decision and her having to get the answer out of me '' and wasting time .
this is also something i do n't understand because all i want is for her to be happy .
another instance of this is when we were in front of our school taking photos for graduation in our gowns .
she asked me to let her know if her hair ever looked messed up and i said ok. after photos she looked at them and noticed some of her hair was out of place looked normal to me and went off yelled at me like never before and even broke up with me only to apologize the next day .
there was also once where i was texting one of my best friends who does not live near me anymore about clash of clans .
we were in a war and talking about the best strategies to lead our clan to victory and she was making comments all day about how i only talk to him about the same thing .
while i was in the middle of a text she started talking to me and showing me a picture of food her grandmother made i looked up from the text and asked her to show/say it again and she went off saying how i always ignore her to talk to someone about a video game .
this also brings me to her hatred of repeating things .
i almost never ask her to repeat anything because the second i do it 's going to ruin our day .
most of the time if i do n't hear something i just guess and i will get it right as the conversation goes on .
but sometimes i do n't and she 'll get mad at me for not listening to her .
when i really do n't hear anything and ask her to repeat something she gets mad at me too .
i really do n't know what to do about this besides have super hearing .
if you need more insight please comment or pm and i will try to give you as much detail as possible .
i also would like to apologize in advance for any typos or terrible formatting and writing .
i am on mobile and lying in bed cause she is asleep near me .
i hope this can get the point across well enough .
she gets mad at me for every little thing i do n't know what to do .
i feel like i 'm walking on egg shells all the time .
this guide tries to give you a plan to properly build up your guild .
be careful usually they just copy the mods from pc to xbox but there might be differences also some of what i say is personal experience/opinion and might differ from what you think .
ignore support structures all except the pvp ones are not needed at all and they are only good for siege pvp .
some guild hall levels unlock a new rank for all other buildings while the other ones usually require a set number of strucures on a specific rank .
when it says requires 10 structures rank 7 '' the guild hall itself is included .
to meet those level requirements the production structures are usually the best way to go .
boon structures cost shit ton of ad talking about millions but less other currencies .
try to get everyone to d*nate a little bit and you will be surprised how fast you can get the ad together .
guild hall rank 8/marketplace rank 4 unlock the new 140 gear
guild hall building times go up with rank rank 4 takes 3 days rank 5 takes 4 days and so on
complete the 4 basic production structures lumberyard far quarry mine .
lumberyard will be the first thing you build from special stuff you drop from enemies and only use it for this one building do n't worry it 's easy d
build your marketplace and get it to 4 as fast as possible
at guild hall rank 8 you might consider building your first boon structure .
after unlocking the new gear you might find the boons more useful than anything else you could unlock in the nearer future .
also guild hall rank 8 does not cost ad marketplace rank 4 does though p .
speaking of what boon structures should i go for ?
note you can build a total of 4 boon structures .
also each structure unlocks up to 3 boons at the level 1/3/5 .
barracks xp bonus/power/incoming healing having 8000 power is nice the barracks do cost pvp shards though
stable defense/armor penetration/run speed having decent stats on all 3 unlock ranks speaks for itself defense and arpen might not be useful for everyone though
wizard 's workshop hitpoints/healing potion bonus/overload ward bonus you will only want this for the hp
temple lifesteal/revive sickness duration/group healing potion bonus lifesteal might be nice for some classes and the sickness duration reduction can help in pve at later ranks
generally you will have to pay a lot of ad for stuff you might not actually want/use .
but it is a guild project and you should honestly discuss with all members what you plan on building .
the new mod will introduce several new currencies you can d*nate to your stronghold 's coffer .
here is a complete list http neverwinter.gamepedia.com/coffer it also says how to get them .
influence needed for most guild hall ranks/some marketplace ranks and all boon structure ranks .
every character may earn up to 400 per day for farming up to 5 stronghold hes .
heroic shards of power earned for dayly and special stronghold quests mostly just kill stuff used mostly for marketplace/guild hall .
plus every dayly first epic he awards you some .
adventurer 's shards of power dayly quests complete 3 hes and farm 3 specific campaign daylies you will do that anyway used for all kinds of buildings
dungeoneer 's shards of power obtained form the cleric 's dungeon quests .
he gives you up to 2 t1/t2 dungeons you have to complete daly .
conqeror 's shards of power win one pvp dayly and accept the quest for it beforehand win one stronghold siege dayly used for pvp towers/pvp support structures and the barracks .
every campaign currency can be d*nated for a specific exchange value .
surplus equipment d*nate green/blue or epic equip pieces epics give 810 while blues give only 20 time to farm t2 !
labor spend profession workers usually not that important to gather plus there sometimes is a quest that awards you labor vouchers .
gems all enchantments above rank 3 this one sucks to fill up rank 5s only give 10 points best way is to feed in rank 4/5 stacks .
there the 4 basic resources might actually become the bottleneck since they can farm everything else so quickly .
here are the exact values if they do n't change it for xbox https docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1l76q7znmq5m4xbhv5artsylqmpzwyxubmn_8rvcfnkc/edit gid=0 which^i^doubt .
just some examples unlocking 99 of the useful stuff gear/3 boon structures/new artifact weapons/guild hall rank 16 costs you
those are the values for pc xbox might differ .
if i forgot anything/made a mistake let me know .
edit values seem to be the same for xbox contact me if you find differences i could only verify for guild hall .
edit masterwork professions and artifact weapons will be available at gh 12/marketplace 6 once underdark goes live .
and not comeback for 2 hours .. like i literally walk in and every seat i think is empty have people 's stuff on them
not being able to properly cast a spell not being able to use my crossbow camera zooming all the way in and getting stuck swimming underwater is a nightmare not being able to lock onto the target that 's beating the shit out of me and instead just rotating through targets way off in the distance the list goes on and on and on and on and it 's a disgrace .
what is the process in creating that pot that stores sell .
in a few weeks i 'll be in taipei for attending a wedding .
it 's black tie so i need to come up with a tux .
i should probably rent one because i 'll need the shoes as well .
but i would n't mind buying one outright if the price is 200 300 usd .
just got my alienware 17 overall rather happy with the machine .
however every time it starts up the fans run really fast just for a brief moment .
i 'm also not totally sure if my temps are normal or not as my package temp is reported as 52 at idle having made it up to 75 at some point although i had n't played any games in this boot .
it also has bluescreened once due to the wifi driver it seems or so the error code led me to believe .
anyone able to tell me if this behaviour is normal ?
if not i have a 4 year warranty on this computer but i kinda need this computer for school .
i got one fist of power one fist of whiskey .
if the right one do n't get you then the left one will . ''
that is if the other members of gunr trust me not to abuse orders chat ... p
dude just hover over the winner d4 thing with your mouse and it displays the name .
i 'm not trying to convince you that monsanto is good or any boot-licking bullshit like that .
i 'm arguing with you because you think gmo monsanto which is bullshit and i 'm sick of ignorance being spouted that only serves to assist monsanto 's strangle-hold .
i leave it as the artfully tangled and rumpled heap of sheets and blankets it is when i wake up .
how is it cringe when he has more than 500 thousand subs and he is getting cash money from youtube to smoke weed and talk about it on camera in his house ?
obviously she made a lucky guess ... she said there would be no female protagonist option but ...
if i had a bidet i 'd much rather use that
that 's why his glamour was that of a man with two eyes .
ed reed is the best at his position who has ever played the game and this is coming from a lifetime steeler fan
that 's only because i did n't know how to cuss in english until i was 12 and i do n't feel comfortable using it in every day speach it has nothing o do with my religion i swear promise .
your submission was automatically removed because porn.com is not an approved site .
re-submit using the following domians approved domains https www.reddit.com/r/amateurporn/comments/3j7abl/list_of_approved_domains .
contact the mods if you submission still does not show .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/arabporn if you have any questions or concerns .
take your puller off and use a deadblow hammer and whack the armature on each side .
make sure the bolt that goes into the engine is out .
i mean he clearly called him off tell the rf to get outta there and let him make the play .
here 's hoping that the next debate wo n't involve moderators asking candidates why they do n't resign from the senate or if they are comic book characters instead of real candidates but maybe actual substance .
many of the youtubers i 've seen not just gaming dropped out of college to make videos and while they can sustain themselves currently it wo n't last forever .
do you plan on hosing it in blood or leaving it pretty clean ?
because the we did n't get fuckmad crazy until pretty late in the heresy .
historially the boom or bust normally starts out in london and spreads out in a slow wave from there .
by the time it reaches the limits of the uk the effect is hardly noticalble .
in my lifetime i have seen 3 negative price drops in london plus their recoveries neither of which caused a reduction in the family home in the north east where prices rose much more slowly and steadily
so in c a v/v is a d you get the f etc ... my theory is far rustier than yours btw !
gon na guess the last batch of screenshots did n't give enough time for the textures/scene to properly load ?
also seems like these screenshots show proper post processing .
i still say our best offensive outing was cal and we threw the ball .
if you dont think youll ever use them then de them .
if you think by the time youll want to use them youll be able to craft them again de them .
if youd rather have the other legendaries then those de them .
that sounds like a good time to cancel your ticket .
and if you must know my parents were actually pretty destitute when i was very young and worked their way into successful positions .
it is possible to have duality in your life and live on both sides of the track .
when i tried restarting a party it said that feature was blocked .
epsilon blue are a group of humans founded in the 1960s in response to data nasa found they fight against the lovecraft faction like the church does against devils .
omh/old man henderson is a notable member of epsilon blue .
the lovecraft faction is teased in volume 41 but appears in volume 42 when hastur and some cultists attack the school after the event is over ria 's and peers are taken into custody as the nerulysers epsilon blue are equipped with did n't work on them cluing henriette in as to their true nature .
vali joins the harem in volume 45 after issei beat him in a fight then saved him from a swarm of shoggoths while he was weak .
raydere joined in volume 37 after revealing her true nature as god who faked her death to end the war then joined the fallen to reconcile with her children.she later met issei fell in love first girl !
and then faked being evil so issei could get a harem .
this is why raydere is best girl she 'll give you a harem .
before single going to halloween parties after in a relationship going to halloween parties .
a girl once asked me to give her a rusty venture .
give them the frozen meat you have in the garage freezer .
using finger to pull lip to put a dip in
then i would have to explain why what she said was wrong and then i would be fired .
i tried it and returned it because i hated it so much .
i tried several different application techniques and it came out patchy and uneven on me each time .
i wanted it for the spf and ended up with the supergoop one instead .
this one burned my eyes so much did n't mattify caused weird texture changes in my makeup felt sticky even when dry and the pump clogged up after about 3 days .
very chilling album vocals by phonte from little brother .
i am glad to have such an experienced merchanter as yourself see the benefit of such an arrangement but i hope that if you have any concerns you will let me know at the soonest '' walton paused to put an entire boiled egg into his mouth trying his best to look dignified through the ordeal .
he dabbed at his mouth with a napkin if there are no objections may i suggest that ser hugo pen a draft of such an arrangement ?
we can discuss it further on our journey to winterfell .
i have quite a surprise lined up for you '' he said with an attempt at a coy smile .
well they 're not pushing air through the gpu no matter how hard they try so i still do n't really get it .
my all-time favorite is toohey 's bitter old ale but ca n't find it in the states
where did you get the idea of vegan diet ?
i 'm talking about a diet that does n't consist of too much meat especially processed meat cause human digestion has not yet evolved to handle it properly .
but i am not saying that eating meat is bad .
it 's good cause it 's full of calories and protein 2 very important things to humans cause 1. we do n't have fur and 2. our brains require some calorie dense food to work right .
she hugged herself as the pain surged through her .
from above a figure could be seen moving within the slanted interior of the building .
if they are packaged individually there should be no problem .
i do n't think it 's difficult at all .
when there are no outs it is the same color as the rest of the graphic dark blue .
when there 's an out it 's lit up filled in .
and it 's like almost any two-parter of any show .
and if you want to complain about it like that just re-watch them as one episode next week .
or wait every two weeks then watch them back to back .
considering the quality of this series that 's a real champagne problem you 've got there bud .
why did lisa dump me is it because of my small calves they 're the hardest place to add mass ''
i 'm always surprised how incompetent our d can be with such good talent
so every minion you summon gets divine shield and this card never goes away ?
oh no that sinister looking kid is coming to kill me ! !
here is our failed attempt ... second try ... we were a bit more organized but it really was a huge spectacular fail .
for those who are wondering how this works i will try to ely5 .
the circle hough transform is designed to locate circles of a given diameter within images .
convert the grayscale image into pure black and white .
by pure black and white i mean that you leave no shades of gray at all .
if you do this conversion correctly the circles that you want to find in the image will remain clear and distinct from the rest of the image .
an image of only these circles and none of the original points is called the hough space '' and is what op pictured here .
count how many circles go through each pixel in the hough space .
if a lot of circles in the hough space intersect a particular point then that point is probably at the center of a circle in the black and white binary image .
the brightest pixels in op 's image are the key .
it 's important to note that in the simplest circle hough transform you only search for circles of one specific radius at a time .
if you want to find bigger or smaller circles you need to run it again looking for that size .
another cool aspect of the circle hough transform is that it is its own inverse .
that is if you want to see what the original image was you just run the transformed image through the transform again .
tried to use android studio on a shitty pc when visiting my mum .
i would type wait about 10-15 seconds and it would show up .
with programming it 's worse though because you use so many non alphanumeric characters regularly and it 's harder to spot a misplaced bracket than an ordinary typo .
after 24 hours normal showering is ok as long as you dont scrub the tattoo
i mean it was implied that the only dumbass with no brain would be outlack
note i do n't want to shit on the lady in the photo i 'm pretty sure this is just jes baker being a dumbass and not understanding she did n't actually do the half .
hell she beat ragen 's elite 5k pr by 11 minutes .
this is part of jes baker 's fatgirlscan campaign/gallery of fat women doing things they 're apparently not supposed to be able to do like sitting on a chair or being in public .
yea i did 2 years as a part-time research assistant in bioinformatics and 1 internship .
i liked it at first but eventually i discovered it has all the same problems as wet-lab research .
i 'm so glad i moved toward software engineering !
they unzip at the urinal whip it out relax their muscles about to let the pee flow and then ... ..
i see thank you for coming back to this post to clear that up .
i do n't really think that everyone needs to share that president with me .
hacksaw file and jig handle materials and sandpaper ... easy peasy lemon squeezy .
are you saying those who do n't pay income taxes do n't get the benefit of these also or do n't get to benefit as much ?
well they obviously have n't made billions off the state as some have .
i know he 's a great player which is why we could get a ton of value for him on the trade market .
we have huge holes that need to be filled and tulo is the most valuable piece that does n't really take much away from the core that got us where we are .
we could trade for pitching use the money to sign free agents or both .
and yet we are at zendikar without goblin guide .
does snapcaster mage fit into wotc 's new vision for standard ?
possibly since there currently are n't a lot of powerful cheap instants in blue although dig through time would be pretty good with snapcaster obviously it 'll have rotated out by then but it definitely does n't feel like the kind of card they want .
i was too young to really appreciate mo in his prime .
wade is the best relief pitcher i have ever seen in my 23 years of life .
had in '' as in we had in the new neighbors for coffee earlier . ''
government subsidized loans only cover so much about 30k out of the total 250k .
the rest had to be taken out as a private loan variable interest rate can go anywhere from 3 to 18 through discover .
thanks i too should take into account the fact that i am listening to a phone held up at a show and that might make all the difference in the world .
i would make the black outline a little bolder .
the outer outline is a bit bolder than the outline inside the piece .
i think it will look a little better with an even bolder black outline .
i figure between halloween and christmas is the right time to go for it .
i am very nervous about it because i am so addicted to sugar .
i wonder when we 'll get the new hit single do n't want to be a deplorable slave driving piece of space garbage who ca n't measure human life over the value of the credit ! ''
i just realised how irresponsible tracer was giving that weapon to some kids .
i mean honestly she just met a couple idiot minors and now she 's giving out a weapon of mass destruction ?
my heart goes out to you and to your parents too .
such a difficult struggle for all of you especially you .
i hope you are able to find the support to help you through this and i especially hope you will all be able to get to a place where you can be a loving and nurturing family despite these differences .
i need something good to happen in cfb today .
i 've been sad since i woke up and looked at my phone .
is the guy on the left wearing a baseball cap ?
think and not talk because smalltalk sucks and is annoying
not everyone wants to be a loner all the time .
please deposit a common wild-caught pokemon to the gts .
make sure that you level lock to 91 or higher and have your reddit username as your message .
then reply to this comment with the species level and gender of the pokemon that you submitted .
but in my experience after having gone through a couple different light and ultra light air mattresses ...
not only do you not have to worry about poking a hole in it but it makes a great seat by the camp fire or whatever else you 're doing while backpacking/hiking/canoe camping and gear is at a minimal .
think of it like this you 're standing on a beach looking out into the ocean going aww shit there 's nothing out there life sucks '' but what you 're not realizing is the ocean is the actual life '' not the beach you 're standing on it might look empty at first but when you start to explore the ocean you realize it 's full of life and you start to experience and see things that you did n't even know that existed .
to summarize life starts at the edge of your comfortzone so get out there and try everything .
guys i 'm not a duke or miami fan but can we please stop down voting the duke fans who are a little salty right now ?
i mean seriously come on no matter how you feel you have to understand this was one insanely controversial play .
with that said you guys know damn well if it happened to your team you would be emotional and probably post some questionable stuff right now .
if they are still doing it tomorrow or next week then go ahead but give the guys a break for tonight .
holy shit that 's a lot of players in foul trouble
i was not expecting the plot twist this is excellent to read !
to acknowledge our own fault and be vocal to apologize about it is truly a remarkable capability within the human race .
going to rent a tow trailer from uhaul and come back in the morning with a suv .
and that team kneeled at your goal line out of mercy .
it 's unbelievable to me that we have n't seen ash onscreen since 1992 .
but in a way it 's good because it took a while for tv to allow this level of violence and gore .
but watching the first episode that 's not going to be an issue .
last team the come back from a 3-1 deficit in the ws was the 85 royals .
they had some good fortune back then game 6 but for the mets you got ta believe http 071bc3d04e2671665c74-5a267f839fbe60d0845a37698418bb02.r26.cf5.rackcdn.com/wp-content/uploads/2008/09/parappa-the-rapper.jpg
its a minor gripe but it bothers me how the cards are named after their characters and not their position in the arcana awesome art though .
edit after closing the app through the recent button links load again .
i 've had to do that for wow guilds both on live and private servers .
it is mostly to check that you are n't a clicker who is going to be objectively slower than someone who does n't click and to check that you have essential raid addons .
in wow that meant threat meter dbm and functional frames wow innate raid frames used to be incredibly shit for example but last time i checked there was n't even an updated threat meter in wildstar and i dunno how you 'd see that someone has raidcore installed from a screenshot .
plus the default wildstar ui actually does show just about everything you 'd need to know to play your class well .
it could also be a way to see what skillbuild you 're running if you 've got something really silly on your bars maybe that shows you 're clueless .
perhaps i 'm just playing devils advocate over something silly .
today 's teaching goal make as many students as possible learn to hate math forever
yay for common core and the american public schools that use it .
if you 've consumed dangerous levels of alcohol you should try to stay awake .
sleeping it off can be very bad for you .
also here 's my attempt at gay c9 porn fiction .
sneaky lemon my back hurts from carrying the team can you rub it ?
and there are many unique restaurants and chefs here .
maybe try going out of your comfort zone sometime ?
it doesnt have to be the best to overcome your weak shit nancy .
i 'm not gon na comment much at all tonight .
probably missed a few details with the first run through agk while i was commenting so this time i 'm focusing on the show xd
the other mistakes in the series certainly killed us but the larger continuing issue is a lack of offense .
thank you for the help though the other guy said the same
i think the problem was exacerbated by the screen protector i have on because it it 's slightly off to the point that that sensor is covered a bit .
miami committed way too many uncalled fouls on that last play .
i said that tock 14nm skylake which is the micro architecture change where tick is the die shrink has produced a 5 perf .
i usually tend to not be too obvious about it when i post stuff i just show that i 'm having fun but sometimes when others post pics of them flat-out smoking a blunt or whatever i just think why ?
i do n't know why a teenager 's mental illness struck a chord with you but maybe go be ugly somewhere else .
i 'm a female and do n't do this .
i do n't want someone hearing my bathroom noises lol
you beat them in both major sports this year .
i did the transfers that konami didnt do manually and started master league .
if i kill myself i wo n't have to write this thesis '' .
smart engineering tests to control your environment control your errors and profile them so you can subtract them from the recorded data and or negate them .
if so then the government needs to step in for this situation to implement some sort of competitive model for companies to offer this test service .
maybe he only had junkie clothes left like what he was wearing at the start of the pilot and realised that they looked even worse .
most of the characters are shown to have not beaten the lamb
the flooded caves is broken on os x ca n't see floor stones etc .
we pretty much just need clemson to lose and everything else will take care of itself .
its crazy that almost everyone in the top 8 has a game against one another .
come on it 's been a long road for um lately.. got to give them something
i am honestly hoping that they at the very least put their old novels on the kindle as a start .
i have actually already taken one of my favorite novels and converted it for kindle .
i say this with all respect but i disagree that it is biblical to build beautiful churches .
after the temple was destroyed following christ 's death and resurrection god began to dwell in believers themselves .
god dwells in us no matter where we are and the church is the people not the building .
perhaps that money would be better spent on teaching people even more how to take care of their temples bodies instead of building infrastructure that god will destroy anyway when he redeems the earth .
ok so i do n't hate muslims but when your religion says to kill everyone who does n't believe then do n't be surprised when people hate you for it .
... especially when many muslims carry out this command .
also to the people who believe in peaceful '' muslims just know that their quran also permits lying to forward their cause .
so how do you know they 're not lying about being peaceful ?
the fact that someone has to explain to you that not all muslims follow every crazy thing in their holy text is a clear example of islamophobia .
i 'm sure you understand that not all christians or even the majority of christians live by all of the rules laid out in corinthians but when we talk about a different religion your double standard emerges .
islam is a world religion like christianity and buddhism because it is flexible and can be practiced in a wide variety of ways .
so is it wise to promote a religion such as islam ?
asking people not to discriminate against people based on their religion is not the same as promoting said religion .
it is n't even nuance the difference is gargantuan .
i have to say that this really hits it on the nose .
agile might work for some cases but when you have an excellent team it feels like it negatively levels the playing field .
so keyboards play a certain key role in your life ?
from the start this show had a written plot a fucking drama
in it i was to play a supporting role to setup the main character
but now who turned me into the main character ?
not ‘unpretty ' the show not my company but the real me
take off labels put on labels do as you like
i 'll use the whole version with no editing to make my ending . ''
i find difficulty level roughly approximates total party level 5 but there are a few modifiers .
for every equipped relic other than accessories with realm synergy relic level*base rarity 2
if your total after modifiers 5 is higher the dungeon difficulty then you can probably auto battle through it .
otherwise you will have to plan your usage of abilities and record materia .
be wary of dungeons with difficulty more than double of your total after modifiers 5 because they are usually unfairly difficult in some way like having mobs that can ohko you or bosses with pre-battle nukes .
best to read up a little about those dungeons before entering .
i really really wan na know this as well .
the farthest into the campaign i could find on the internet was to the end of the 2nd mission .
i do n't think this is spoiling it since its already common knowledge but you are able to simulate and play through events that happened in the past using the dni .
so i 'm 99 positive we 'll see some tie ins or at least i hope so .
i 'm hoping we get to play alongside the original set of characters from bo1/bo2 maybe in some missions that we never got to play originally .
if anything i 'm going to guess that the 'wikipedia ' in the game will provide info that ties up loose ends in the games such as operation charybdis reznov alex mason menendez etc .
it 's finally time for tool here at monster mash !
how much game time would he realistically get though with marshawn lynch as the 1st string rb ?
i probably am confusing them but the color gold is still relevant .
bernie completely understands that free market capitalism with government regulation is the way to go .
he just thinks that the excesses of capitalism need to be more tightly reined in .
his policies letting all people make a living wage letting everyone go to college even if they grew up in a poor family letting everyone go to a doctor even if they are poor stopping corporations from moving american jobs to countries where they can pay their workers a tenth of what our minimum wage is and stopping the rich from exerting disproportionate influence in politics all reflect that .
meanwhile kasich 's ideas are just a continuation of failed and disproven policies of reaganomics that have brought us 2 recessions .
and for the booklet you could try put it under the blue see through plastic stuff that you find in the old paper 3d glasses that 'll probably work .
it does have the ability to shoot at full resolution in superior auto mode but i 'm not sure if that is what you are referring to .
patagonia and tnf are known to have ethically sourced down feathers .
first was in the stake out episode where elaine and jerry had a serious conversation towards the end and the second one was the deal where iirc it happened after jerry gave elaine money as a birthday gift .
good thing there were no more moments like that in the show ever again .
do they not realize the connotations to the gate suffix and unethical right wing journalism ?
4.5 assists when you have a 37 usage rate is still pretty bad .
but yeah kobe shooting so much was n't a bad thing considering that his teammates are n't were horrible and he does n't having lebron 's level of passing ability to create shots for his teammates that they can make easily which is a pretty rare gift .
people who want to get a photo before their neighbor pitches a gem in the world series
the lalalalala in the background remind me of beach boys you 're so good to me http youtu.be/lhmfs-vtepa .
while the other melody reminds me slightly of the frays how to save a life http youtu.be/rkbvhnri5s0 .
my wife handed out candy to about 300 kids though .
yet another story about the ultimate '' battery that we might '' have in 10 years time .
by not rewarding losing you 're rewarding 'farming ' type gameplay .
i 'd rather see rewards for losing if it meant people played harder/longer maps more .
your post has been automatically removed because you did not include an oc tag .
all posts today must be original content in the form of images .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nostalgia if you have any questions or concerns .
i found a hatch with 73k but they want 5 grand and i dont have money right now lol
matthew 5:17 do not think that i came to abolish the law or the prophets i did not come to abolish but to fulfill . ''
it 's hard to believe that the op does n't have an agenda if he/she is fishing out an old article and posting it here for no apparent reason .
i 'll trade you fragment 3 for your fragment 4
psn boh_lin message me in game to set up a meet
i tend to play pokémon on my 3ds when waiting for a bigger game to install on steam or origin so ...
i guess i 'll just mine aluminium in the deep dark .
the biggest thing is getting cream and not lotion it 's got ta come in a tub of a think tube .
other than that just put it on after contact with water and you 'll be good the difference between the types is pretty much irrelevant and just marketing .
i wonder if someone can actually make this work .
i 'm probably crazy and maybe overly ambitious but i feel like wearing white high waisted pants that flare at the bottom and a cream lace button-up tucked inside would be sorta cute .
pair it up with a brown belt and some killer heels and you 'll look like a smokin ' hot doctor .
the dust 2 terrorists are called the elite crew '' or 1337 crew ''
but can i ask how easy it was for you to get her around in this ? ?
i ca n't imagine it 's too easy to get to a lot of front doors with that kind of costume ...
oral sex is a subset or type of sexual intercourse but it is not sex and oral sex does not make you lose your virginity ... i do n't know where you are getting that from .
not the worst idea but which military program are we cutting ?
does that program create more or less jobs than the wall and are those jobs higher/lower paying and are they permanent or like most of the wall jobs temporary and does it benefit our national security more or less ?
those are typically closed systems so its unlikely you will get a rat .
i think the key is that many native americans were killed as part of a mass-genocide based on their culture whereas canadian lumberjacks astronauts police officers businessmen etc .
were not killed as part of a mass-genocide based on their culture .
i 'm russian but i would n't be offended if someone wore one of those big fur hats and ran around with a vodka bottle all night .
i heard all sorts of derogative terms specifically for being russian and specifically being a communist although i never was one and am not one now .
russian culture was strongly associated with being a communist at one point and that was inherently bad .
it makes me feel like being russian is seen as inherently worthless something to mock .
similarly running around half-naked showcasing a very deluded or twisted version of a culture for your own entertainment especially when that same culture was the cause of thousands of peoples ' deaths is a reminder that being native american was seen as something to openly mock to be embarrassed about that the culture is worthless or that the people are inherently bad .
you only mock the things you think are n't worth caring about .
my story is n't in any way comparable to the suffering of people in other cultures and i 'm not trying to stand here and say that as a white person i 'm oh-so-strongly affected too .
i just understand albeit to a lesser degree where the idea of being offended is coming from .
what a coincidence because many in lakers nation is disappointed with your performance byron
the issue has nothing to do with the client defining the time zone at login .
it 's hard packed dirt topped with cinder blocks and capped with concrete .
also it does n't have to bear hardly any weight .
clg early on up until mid s2 was the biggest team in na .
it was when they left 2 korea that made them fall off and lose their fan base to tsm who dominated the na scene .
u could argue that was the beginning of the many mistakes hotshot would do with his company .
i think saint getting bench is the biggest mistake hotshot did before the korea trip when he didnt want 2 step down/take criticism .
super jealous ... tried adopting a kitten recently until i found out i was allergic but all he wanted to do was play lucky you have company !
i was in a hacked server but out on the street and a hundred of me spawned all fighting each other with various weapons some cops around made short work of them .
not quite as surreal as a bunch of people attached to your head but a novel hack nonetheless .
i have had this exact problem for a while now pre-marshmallow even .
please let me know if you find a solution .
this is a pc subreddit why are you asking us if our console can do this ?
most people here probably do n't own a console as their main platform .
it 'd be cool but i agree the way they 're talking about him 8 years ago at the reverie it 's like he 's just recently come into the spotlight .
ok how do you prevent a sudden failure of something like a tire or a seizure with someone with no history of one ?
same way you do with trying to stop the next nutbar going on a spree with a firearm .
with increasingly draconian measures that are invasive to peoples personal lives or making cars more difficult to own .
accidents or not it does not change that people lost their lives outside of their control .
so saying it was just accidents does not make them any different .
especially when many are the result of negligent behaviors like driving without enough sleep under the influence of medications or alcohol or driving distracted and not just freak accidents '' .
two no it does n't but there really is n't anything you can do for most accidents
it just nobody wants to do those things because honestly they are n't reasonable nor are they worth it for the pleasure necessity and convenience they provide .
not because there is nothing that can be done .
the site theme i used on the old account was tale of woe not halloween .
with that in mind i would be a ford pinto .
literally nobody would expect it and then sneak attack !
motivation to get back my interest in real girls and live a more energized life
ugh the reasons why '' a was a was infuriating lol .
tsw 's unfortunately is generally not.. as someone else said ib probably would pay more if the combat was removed entirely .
sometimes the chemistry just is n't there no matter what you do .
miami fans think they actually got the call right .
i do n't feel depressed but i have n't had a dream in that i can remember in as long as i can remember
i dispatched her solo with a 10 raw rapier and my usual leo/rob/flynn/embedded combo .
the main problem i found with avaa is the same as you-the ridiculous hit boxes .
so dodging was never guaranteed hence i wanted the fight over as quickly as possible with max damage .
took me quite a few goes and a lot of hair-pulling .
once you know which direction to dodge the swipes and ride her ass for the magic projectiles so they all miss it was n't too bad .
it was the jumping pound which seems to have the weirdest hitbox .
most of it is getting timings right they are a bit strange .
for the bite you have to well clear of her head when she lands otherwise the vacuum kicks in .
its a very frustrating fight but good training for horrendous random luck of ik fight .
if it were me i 'd book a train day trip .
that 's an adventure in itself because you might not make it .
in other news my love interest wants to do a sydney trains challenge .
i watch a ton of game grumps often of games i 've already played myself .
let 's play 's like game grumps are a medium of comedy because the hosts make it a ton of fun .
i 've cried from laughing at people playing completely shitty games that i would never play myself while getting angry at the game or making jokes .
it 's funny and a different kind of entertainment than playing a game .
it 's saying that abusing an animal is a clear sign that that man has a huge potential to be abusive to both op and their child in the future .
there 's a pretty strong correlation there in psych literature .
that 's why people are saying to leave him it 's a pre-emptive act to prevent extremely potential abuse .
sure they can try couple 's counselling but if you 've read op 's other replies she 's tried to get him to change his interactions but he can't/wo n't .
i 'm saying it 's better to raise a child fatherless than have that poor kid beaten by said father because oh ... he spilled juice on the carpet or he wo n't come to the table for dinner when called or he looked at his dad wrong .
some things are worth figuring out like ... he hit the dog once ... .or he disappeared on op after a fight for 2 hours once .
but pattern of behaviours that persist despite intervention on op 's side means that there are some deep-seated issues and op should n't be bringing the child into the home with a man who clearly has trouble controlling his temper and who loses it when things do n't go his way or behave how he thinks they should .
if not divorce she should separate from him and make sure he gets some anger management treatment as well as attend couple 's counselling with him .
and only after he has proven himself as able to control his temper bring the kid home to him .
but no one should ever bring a helpless infant home to a man who hits animals .
i just always see all this science fiction about living on mars and there 's all this talk about colonizing mars these days and i guess i 'm realizing by colonize they mean have scientists live there for a time not actually a civilian colony .
i would love to see you put a poster of this up in your neighborhood apologizing to every family or household which was unable to get any candy from your house this year ... with a very snarkily-captioned picture of this woman below the apology .
we did n't plan on a hungry hungry hippo showing up ... in costume ''
vpgame is good dota2lounge is fine but the odds can be mehhh there
garnet continued to let his finger wander towards the opening of her slit touching and exploring the very entrance to her warm insides but not entering .
he wanted to play with her a little more to prepare her for what it to come .
and so he spent his time continuously teasing her for something to go inside but denying her that sensation .
i have a weird case too i had painful cramps in my teen years but only on the first day of my period and i rarely missed school from it .
they got worse the older i got but i assumed that was normal and doctors had no problem putting me on various methods to just skip periods .
years of no pain or worrying about my organs .
then sharp pain woke me up in the middle of the night .
turned out to be a cyst on my ovary rupturing .
they handed me some pills and said to rest for a week and i 'd be perfect in five weeks .
the pain changed and moved another cyst ruptured and i had every test done while wondering how a pissy alien had come to live in my body .
i had stabby pain and lots of dull aches never been so tired in my life and just epic bloating .
same for me they have an incredibly low drop rate .
i was trying to get a 4 enchanted weapon as early as possible .
i can play on 9 foot tables 10 foot tables billiard tables snooker tables russian billiard tables and chinese 8 ball tables .
come to nyc and prepare to pay out of your ass .
nobody is going to listen to you whine though .
if i didnt have bills and shit id totally help you bro 3
based on the fact you even posted here this is important to you .
the frequency of sex will only go downhill and your frustration/resentment will only get worse .
this is coming from someone who never in a million years thought he 'd be in a db situation .
to have to sign in with your facebook to be able to use a stall you will then be tagged there so your friends can see where your pooping
mmm most local shops here have them in the 350 range .
i think it 's probably because i do a ton of jump puzzles in general loved the maplestory jump quests that they all become really easy for you .
i know every bit of the choreography to that damn song .
i 'm reading my kids harry potter and the prisoner of azkaban for book time before bed and i grabbed the first thing i saw you use as a book mark which was the manual for my cpap .
i can feel the pain just by looking at the gif .
give the little sucker formula and just keep the good stuff for yourself .
sorry but i had to remove your recent post on r/kikpals because your title did not comply with our official guidelines .
this is the proper way to format a title age r4r description
here is a tl dr checklist of what should be in your subject
use only m f t and r for tagging gender .
use around the r4r tag so it looks like r4r .
for multiple ages or letter tags only use 's so it looks like 21/21 mf4r .
finally please make sure you read the rules on the sidebar !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/kikpals if you have any questions or concerns .
u g trampopoline target creature gains flying until end of turn .
if target creature is blocked this turn it gains 1/+1 and trample until end of turn .
the wizards r d wheel of combo effects '' might be our most genius idea yet ...
strange how playstation does n't have the same feature even though we have a recent players '' list as well .
it shows me who last horribly owned me in rocket league but does n't show the all-hunter fireteam throwing hammers of sol with the legendary pokéball grenade .
and they say that the ultimate destiny experience is only on playstation https www.playstation.com/en-us/games/destiny-ps4/exclusive-content .
when state and religion are so tightly linked it can look like that .
well that 's usually the feelings of those who do n't face oppression based on their minority status .
trust me sensitivity to racial jokes is a fair reaction to a not politically-correct '' comedian because they face forms of oppression every day .
a crane for moving the lower crates smacks into the catwalk and sends it crashing to the floor .
as you get to quote from the bible can i quote from my favourite fantasy the lord of the rings ?
there is a big difference between sex and rape .
no just thinking about it makes me feel sick .
hi i am from malaysia and i mostly love to play support
i 'd gladly pay for an hd remake of castlevania sotn
i prefer actve hardeners for more tank and two small cap boosters .
also when speed is not in question but tank is 1600 of exeq is a killer .
cadancesmile floats a video camera over starting to record the act
reddit users caught two bots being used in ok coin and huobi leading the rally .
the hiobi bot seems to be reacting to the ok coin bot .
from what you say you should be just fine you do n't sound like an abuser by any means just everything in moderation and do your research on harm prevention which it seems like you did just be careful with supplements .
ps on a roll myself at the moment feeling great !
it skews towards people who are more likely to be politically active which means it skews towards the most partisan most educated and most socioeconomically advantaged .
it literally depends on the line when it comes to types of trains but usually new/special are faster/stop less than regular rapid trains .
send an email asking about something they have written/acted on ?
send an hey i like the cut of your firm 's jib do you hire email ?
no offence but i think both of those approaches are a little odd .
i 'd just do the usual tailored cover letter resume and e-mail on over .
you certainly wo n't be the first person who will have approached them for work .
just a tip a common question i 've had in interviews has been why i want to practice regionally .
i suspect that the reasoning behind this question is that the firms have had staff leave prematurely because they did n't like living regionally .
a lot of the more reasonable employers will understand that you might not want to live there forever but they will want you to stay for at least a few years .
in fact a brief reason why you want to live/practice regionally if you would be moving for a job might not go astray in your cover letter .
i got my current job via a friend that worked at the firm .
fun fact the partners had been looking for a new junior solicitor for ages yet they were that happy with how she 'd fit into the firm that they offered her a job at her initial interview .
i also got offered my job the business day after my interview .
date someone that is mature and not a 'mature 17 year old '
is this actually going to be brought up every single fucking time something even slightly related to edje is mentioned ?
he did n't make the movie that 's awful i get it but this getting repeatedly mentioned ad nauseam is getting really fucking annoying .
oh was i getting the way of mindless circlejerking ?
i am only following nfl for 8 years yet it is slowly replacing soccer as my number one sport .
this constant action thing is the biggest bs about soccer .
a simple throw in can take 2 minutes off the clock if it is late in the match and the result is favorable for your team .
yeah the fire one did n't make sense to me at all as it 's been pounded into us that fire and ice counter each other but neither is stronger than the other .
otherwise for gray and natsu to be on the same level in their scrimmages gray would have to be way stronger than natsu .
but they 've been roughly equal throughout the series .
man there are two small candles inside and that 's just the way the iphone 6 manages the light .
the only thing i think gives it the glowing effect is that i scraped the inside pretty well .
just before she starts and the water and bubbles are clean come from behind and splash her breasts with warm soapy water .
lift her skirt lube her with the soapy delish and insert hardness in the butt .
that was n't the only place you said death when you meant dead .
learn how everything actually works before complaining it 's bugged .
the suction system that essentia tubes use is a bit unintuitive .
it sounds like you probably just use straight lines of tubes to connect multiple jars to the same place .
that causes multiple types of suction which clogs pipes .
for the essentia buffer the bellows gives them 32 suction instead of 1 .
means they pull more and hold what they have if there 's no stronger suction .
you can restrict the suction to 1 or 0 by shift-rightclicking connections with a wand .
use the adress of the place you donate to let them get their own spam ...
i have seen used breast pumps with white residue in the tubes ...
well because historical context is always important and that answer is more about kurds than hdp .
i give links as a reference point you can ask any part you want .
first question page 11 do you think turkey is getting better or worse in a general perspective ?
second question page 13 are you hopeful from future waiting for you and your family ?
video title altan tan im not secular laic im a sharia supporter ''
video is about turkish history with sharia and islamists .
guy in the video is altan tan https www.tbmm.gov.tr/develop/owa/milletvekillerimiz_sd.bilgi ? p_donem=25 p_sicil=6959 a hdp mp from diyarbakır .
his gf lauryn has a swollen face and her knee is pretty banged up . ''
it 's a german/french one unfortunately gervais/danone 1.2g carbs/~100 cal .
the one i used to eat in the us was pretty much the same 1.5g/~100 cal but it was hard to find tnuva http www.caloriecount.com/calories-tnuva-cottage-5-i446518 .
could you possibly do space engineer for a lil cheaper ?
yeah this used to happen on my nexus 4 with one specific app i do n't remember .
if you 're going to do a video like this at least proof read it before you post it so you do n't have to make fixes with annotations .
not to mention he points out that clg decided to release him but then blames doublelift for leaving after asking if that 's how dl repays clg after years of loyalty .
and then he calls tsm the dark side and is no longer a fan of dl for going to tsm but then says he will get tsm icon .
why would he become a fan of tsm but say he is no longer a fan of dl .
i know it 's just a fun video but all those very obvious flaws take away from what could otherwise be much funnier .
ancient is just on a whole other level man ur a fking flower and a unicorn mate
moderators will not be given out until this sub actually becomes a thing .
you also forgot about my if you ask you do n't get rule .
i read something where it was like a ratio of 7:1 afwm cohabitation to afam cohabitation in s.california or s.cal .
i thought the part with cliffy b was pretty funny .
run next door and ask if they have any salmon legs .
read my post the tactics is to burn down sites that sjws overtook essentially forcing exodus into neutral spaces .
essentially we burn down hugboxes and force the niche communities to move into neutral decent sites .
we just need to provide the push for exodus .
gave me sea giant 's '' chest although the picture was of the rank 2 chest .
got golden enter the coliseum golden undercity valiant golden unbound elemental and 20 dust
however it looks in motion it ca n't possibly look as bad as prosthetics .
nothing looks more unrealistic than a completely stiff face completely incapable of movement while talking how people suggest otherwise is beyond me .
the best prosthetics i 've ever seen were for gimli due to hiding his facial features and for various monsters where you would n't expect fine detail in movement .
on the face of an orc designed to display emotion it would look just terrible .
i thought that was pretty specific loads of color ! !
i 'm amused by the return journey that dr who spork must 've had .
but a plus side is that i can pick things up with them when i drop somethig instead of having to bend over .
i had a closer look and the shot is quite difficult to capture although i can see what you were aiming for .
you have quite a big difference between the foreground and the subject with some interesting but small details between the two .
i had a very quick go in photoshop straightened it a little i think it still leans to the right a fraction cropped some of the foreground and reduced the curves of the palace and then the town behind made it not as bright with a very quick and dirty selection .
it is a very quick job and there are artefacts and overshoots all over the place but it 's the areas i thought might give it the biggest lift .
i think that ultimately you are correct in that being closer to the subject would have give it a more interesting perspective and would have been easier for your camera to handle the light ranges involved .
further note even ridiculously bad '' artists still are popular at times .
anyone with enough financial backing can produce music that will obtain some sort of popularity now a days .
especially in popular genres nothing you hear on a production medium cd's/mp3 's is actually what you hear live because post production mastering '' changes it so much towards what they consider perfection '' you loose a lot of what i consider art '' of music .
technically it 's not even from john lennon someone else first said it a few decades earlier .
every bit of advice is crucial especially for a formerly awkward and socially inept person such as myself .
i will do that give her a call and try to get the two of us to go out .
only problem is the timing and location since i 'm quite busy and she lives in the neighbouring city i believe .
if she keeps flaking or declines there are thousands of other girls just need to meet them and initiate contact .
what matter is that i took the opportunity when it was presented to me .
by the way like you said some people may have a different opinion and you are right because no each person is the same .
just recently i 've developed close friendships through texting but others via actually having physical interactions .
for those out of the loop this was mourinho 's post match interview yesterday https streamable.com/e7fs
but if you give it out first time there 's a danger of expecting it every time .
i guess the reason is that all the counts are vassals of in this case the duke of mercia and so whoever that is they are the vassals of .
the guy who had the title was sort of vassalised to himself in a way .
in its entirety it covers 1 pulling your vehicle into the service bay 2 they plug in the obd scanner 3 they come out and tell you what they think is wrong with it .
the whole process takes a maximum of 8 minutes and it is extra shitty because autozone or pepboys do the same thing for free .
the bottom line is that people need to research compare providers consider buying their own parts online and not be afraid to negotiate .
there seems to be a made-up social convention in our country that negotiating is somehow tacky or bad form which is ridiculous .
like i said before just be reasonable and do n't be a pig about it .
i am a produced screenwriter feature and short film .
i 'd do this because i can see a little story and it would be nice to see it on the screen .
his daughter must address this with him and explain everything to him .
she needs to take full responsibility and let him know beyond all contestation that she is the one who wanted this and convinced you to follow along .
a long t-shirt and your female preferably naked ass .
epiphora and mom 's wig seem to do nothing with lilith .
is it intended because she does n't actually shoot ?
onepunchman nichibro nichijou or any light anime that get people laugh like crazy from the first episode sad gintama isnt one .
also i prefer if you suggest a movie kind of anime .
for example tokyo godfather girls who leap through time any ghibli studio movie especially spirited away and many more .
man you said this subreddit is suck full of shit '' how will you know that they werent waiting that long ?
and if you cant remember your last lost your brain isnt working that well since it cant be more than a few days ago .
what she did was stupid and petty most adults know better .
every year i make an attempt to keep a diary or planner or something similar .
that concept seems to get thrown out the window by april .
currently i 'm making the attempt to use my phone for this since it never leaves my side when i 'm out of the house
he 's an enemy of the people that ironically poses a far greater risk to our society than the criminals his organization pursues .
i agree this could be disastrous in the short term but think long term .
say we do sack mourinho it 's likely they would go with a short term option like hiddink .
we 'll probably improve and finish the season in the top 7 at least maybe have a cup run and ... then what ?
then we have no manager and who else will we get that is as proven as jose ?
i just have a lot more friends who play cs .
so i made full switch and now got up to dmg almost le with just 60wins after being placed in silver2 .
haha cmon i cant be the only one who thought it was the same guy photoshopped in different outfits
in my opinion any proper star wars scenario has to have three things
in a tabletop rpg you should have one or two of each of these in every scenario .
let your players in on the idea so that they know to try to work these in .
sixers waiver scottie wilbekin i 'm told signed a 280 thousand deal with turkish club darussafaka .
message/compose ? to=tweetposter subject=error 20report message=/3r2hk3 0a 0aplease leave above link unaltered .
hmm dysphoria does n't have to be bad and dysphoria may not even seem like dysphoria .
what i 'll say is cis people generally do n't feel uncomfortable with their assigned sex and do n't feel like they 'd be happier living as the opposite sex or non-binary .
that reminded me that only thing stopping me from playing cleave is aoe representation .
if swing arc would match the actual aoe it would be way cooler to play
nu vreau sa fiu rau dar daca in locul clubului ardea o biserica plina de enoriasi ?
nici nu-i greu sa-ti imaginezi sunt o gramada de bisericute de lemn pline de oameni in fiecare duminica dimineata in multe dintre ele vei gasi lumanari aprinse peste tot si nici un extinctor sau un plan de evacuare in caz de incendiu ce sa mai vorbim de iesiri de urgenta .
ia imaginati-va un incendiu la pelerinajul de la moastele paraschivei din iasi ... si acolo erau sute mii de oameni majoritatea imbracati in haine groase din material sintetic foarte infamabil zeci de lumanari aprinse peste tot diverse decoratiuni bisericesti din lemn si panza in jurul raclei cu moaste ... tot satanistii '' ar fi fost de vina ?
i was hoping this is like xenoverse but meh its more like the older dbz games .
my dad and his brothers were the first generation born in mexico my grandparents came in from spain they 're all pale-skinned and have light hair and colored eyes .
like you said you would n't know they were any kind of hispanic until they start yelling at each other in spanish .
if you 're more productive you get more power be it money or knowledge or etc .
and that allows you to have more choices such as having better healthcare or having a large savings account should something bad happen etc .
sure these are superfluous things but given the same amount of happiness these things decide which one is better .
thanks i totally agree with the whole map thing but maybe im biased from being a high level player
and freeman is killing it in fantasy this year .
hate because he 's playing against my team this week .
how many of their largest companies do you think are privately owned ?
your username suggests australia by the drop bear reference .
our aoc is 16 provided the other person is no more than two years older until they turn 18 at which stage the age difference no longer applies .
as for you dating a 17 old why ca n't you pull an adult ?
in my area i see little difference between walmart employees compared to other big box stores .
and a lot of people are going to specialized health food stores .
any one if these things alone would n't be of note .
but i suspect wal mart 's niche of one stop shop '' just is n't as appealing to consumers these days
so you googled the definition found one that almost suited your skewed definition and then edited it to make it fit ?
it 's only the extreme cases that get punished .
pretty much everything in us is some kind of a ripoff or financial scam that a small minority benefits from .
nothing is sacred here not medicine not cancer not education .
tons of vultures ready to strip of you of every last dime while in countries like denmark and norway they would genuinely help you .
democrats only pretend to want it a little just to get elected .
unfortunately america was founded on the principle of exploitation and oppression and it will continue to be so .
europe used to have oppressive economic conditions but it has reformed greatly especially in 2nd half of 20th century .
us has not it still has 18th century capitalism monopolies income disparity .
thank you for your reply i must admit that both you and rileyhuh are right on many things .
most italian youth me included just wants to move out from this country and yes it surely is firstly because of this economy and corrupted government which does n't provide jobs and equality for young people even if they 've got a degree master or whatever .
but i also need to add that i feel that it is because italian culture is very bonded to traditions and can also be very rude and actually bad '' .
i 'm not saying all italians are fascists of course but i feel like most progressive minds '' just ca n't find space in this country so they just leave for good and what 's left behind is old people with old ideas and young people who is raised with old and dangerous ideas .
i know it 's not very clear and i 'm sorry for this .
if you 're going for full-out stereotypical butch that 's mostly just because it 's an actual style developed over the years in the lesbian community .
there 's special stores that make clothes just for it just like there are for say goths or hipsters .
so it is a fuck you i 'll wear what i want they just want to wear that style .
it 's also niche and there 's a fuckton of lesbians who are n't butch or femme and live somewhere between .
i own no dresses or skirts wear no makeup could n't walk in high heels if you paid me have n't shaved my legs in years and own more than a few ties .
but i do n't count as butch '' because i also wear my hair long own lots of necklaces and do n't dress in the butch style '' .
but a lot of people would still count me as more manly '' because of all that shit i do n't do .
and a lot of lesbians walk that line in the middle .
there really is a lot of fuck you i do what i want .
who were the only people involved in genocide during holocaust ?
no intresting individual has ever been raised in such a household
i mean they did their best to screw up mccaffery 's heisman hopes .
you probably would n't have been so mad if you had set clear rules and expectations for his night out .
granted you were ok with him going you two should 've probably talked about when you 'd expect him to be home for example .
in a few hours '' seems like a kinda loose concept .
the second part to this is obviously that he 'd have to stick to whatever rules you decided on together but you ca n't really blame him if there were none .
how long does the 18000mah companion last on a laptop ?
why does he keep going on about how even '' the game is in net worth the alch team is supposed to be like 5k ahead ... .
i really ca n't imagine how is civ series hard ?
maybe try some older titles like civ iii or civ iv .
puzzle game so you will probably have to pay a bit more attention to it .
you people should fuckin understand that being average for na lcs is guaranteed sucking on international stage .
you only use your gems when you change from android to ios or the other way around .
this is kind of a shower thought i had after listening to the princess and the queen no usurper has had his descendants sit the iron throne .
maegor the cruel usurped the iron throne from his nephew aegon the son of maegor 's older brother aenys .
maegor had no living heir so the throne passed to aegon 's younger brother jaehaerys .
maegor 's claim i 'm the son of the conqueror i have balerion .
aegon ii took the throne even though his older half-sister rhaenyra was their father 's chosen heir .
again aegon had no living heir so the throne passed to rhaenyra 's son who became aegon iii .
rhaenyra 's older sons likely bastards had died during the dance of the dragons .
in both cases the usurpers where succeeded by the heir brother or son of the person they took the throne from in the first place .
bobby b took the throne from viserys or aegon if he 's real .
history would suggest it 's not a smart plan to usurp the iron throne ...
my point is not to discuss the legitimacy of usurpers it 's all about who writes the history books etc but rather the foreshadowing of how unsuccessful usurpers have been in the past .
i just ordered some neem oil because everybody on this sub seems to love it but i read on paula 's choice that it can have potential toxic effects .
hey guys just finished up my review on rock band 4 its also one of my first reviews on my new channel was hoping to get some advice and support on it .
just hoping to hear what you think of it .
i 'm looking to buy a note edge and came across this http m.ebay.co.uk/itm/samsung-galaxy-note-edge-scl24-32gb-white-japanese-version-unlocked-phone-/321906772020 ? nav=search and just wanted to know if there 's any downsides or any specific differences in the normal and japanese version .
it has been suggested that the hinkley point c nuclear power station in the uk will be the most expensive power station on earth and could be the single most expensive object on earth costing nearly twice the cost of of the large hadron collider .
i 'm very interested to know if it would be possible to fulfill the same need that hinkley point c is filling using renewable energy .
i would guess you would have to to split this question up into amount of electricity produced construction time ability to provide electricity 24 hours a day whether it would be more cost effective to have many small scale facilities or fewer larger ones or if the money would be more effectively spent on a series of subsidies .
also the additional costs to energy bills cost of waste disposal etc .
so i 'm replaying undertale on a pacifist run after i may or may not have brutally murdered all of my friends and i 'm back to the point where toriel has left me alone leaving me with a cellphone .
it 's been over 25 minutes and the phone keeps ringing with new dialogue every couple of minutes .
how deep does this hole go ? ! ? ! ? !
how do i get my 33m girlfriend 21f of 2 years to realize i trust her ?
i 'll say from the start that because my last two relationships ended with me being the victim of infidelity i have no tolerance for cheating in a relationship .
i made that very clear to my current girlfriend when we got together and she said felt the same .
when we first met most of her closest friends were male which i had a problem with .
i made it clear that i did n't think it was healthy for a relationship if one partner has many friends of the oppostie sex because it can create ambiguity and misunderstandings .
thankfully she agreed and broke off contact with all of them .
for the past two years since then we have been completely happy and building a life together she moved into my apartment and she started working part time so that we can start trying for a family .
at first i thought the age gap would be an issue but she has matured a lot and so we are very compatible .
the current situation is that yesterday i received messages on facebook from one of her former friends who i think had always had a crush on her and he told me they had been secretly texting for the whole time and that they had met up on saturday evening when i thought my girlfriend was at a halloween party with the girls she works with and he said they had had sex .
i immediately confronted my girlfriend and requested the truth from her .
she denied everything so i asked to see her phone i checked everything but there were no messages between her and the man in question or any other man .
i thought perhaps she had deleted them but looking at the timestamps on photos that she took from the evening they do form a fairly solid alibi .
i told my girlfriend i was sorry for doubting her but because of my past the situation had made me nervous and irrational .
she asked how she could win my trust back and i said i did n't know but it does n't help when she goes out without me because it gives me room for doubt so i 'd rather she not go out partying on her own .
she pointed out that i do n't like parties so that would mean she could n't go out at all but now i 'm in my 30s i just feel we 're too old for that lifestyle .
at that point my girlfriend said she could n't live like this any more and she packed a bag and went to stay back at her parents ' house .
i 've sent her lots of messages and tried phoning but she wo n't respond so i do n't know how to convince her that i want to stay together and i do have faith in her it 's just difficult for me .
tl dr girlfriend left because she thinks i do n't trust her how do i persuade her the truth ?
slight freak out guys the battery on my spectra xtr chair has suddenly decided it 's not got much juice left and i 'm still fairly new to the london area and do n't have an established network of repair services .
rang up a company i knew of in the area and they 're unfortunately not able to come out for the next few weeks .
to make matters super fun my back up electric chair has decided to die as well .
anyone have any advice or know of any service/repair companies in the general london area that are happy to come to the home and put in new batteries without having to take the chair away ?
aside joke guy on the phone at the repair place i called actually asked me with quite a rude tone if i 'd tried charging my chair like i 'm some sort of complete and utter imbecile .
this week 's category was 2 death metal albums one classic one current .
one of those albums that is just criminally underrated .
no one really thinks of the finns when imaging great osdm but slumber of sullen eyes is an absolute essential for any fan of golden age death metal .
demigod may not have been making the same kind of far-out music as fellow countrymen demilich but that does n't prevent them from carving out a distinctive sound on this lp .
what stands out here the most is two things 1 the instant accessibility of these riffs and 2 the production .
this is one of the crispest-sounding death metal records of its age .
unlike the swedes at this time demigod opt not to go for the buzzsaw guitar sound instead adopting a much more atmospheric almost watery sound to their guitar work .
this gives the album a unique flair that ca n't be found in much other stuff from the time .
comeback albums are generally lackluster affairs but not so in gorguts ' case .
colored sands was the band 's first album 12 years and it exceeded all possible expectations .
where most groups try to hold onto the past when making their returns luc lemay pushes his music here into completely fresh territory drawing on influences from many of the bands that he himself inspired .
the result is a concept album – based on tibetan buddhism – which builds upon the chaos of obscura to create a much more coherent highly focused and accessible sound .
rather than being an album of pure insanity colored sands is almost meditative at times revealing lemay 's deft hand for writing meaningful compositions .
this is a death metal album for those who want a little bit more from the genre without entering into the realm of cheesiness .
when i open the game and go through the mods window i load everything properly and press the next '' and single player '' buttons .
however when i get to the single player screen the only options are custom game '' and load game '' i 've tried googling the problem and also disabling all mods i figured it might be a problem with one mod so i 'd try process of elimination still there was no set up game '' option .
i 'm posting here to see if anyone has encountered this problem and knows how to fix it .
i got one recently anyone know how much they can go for ?
i need to get some of the branches trimmed on the tree in my backyard so that it wo n't take out the power line if we get a lot of snow .
does anyone have any recommendations for who to use ?
sorry for the blurry picture but i could focus everything except the connector .
i want to buy a replacement for it so how do i call it ?
my son 22/m just graduated from college and ever since this girl came into his life he has made some bad choices regarding use of drugs alcohol and sex .
he has always been strong in faith and we would talk about things like drugs and pre marital sex .
he told me he would never do it but then he meets this girl who is 2 years older than him sexually experienced and has a reputation of being a party girl .
she is n't motivated does n't go to school and is n't involved with anything but using her fathers money .
my son was in sports when he attended byu and he graduated with honors .
i ca n't understand how he can be with this girl and abandon the values that we have tried to instill in him .
since he met her he has used pot drank and lost his virginity .
he does n't want to smoke pot anymore and has agreed to be sent back to utah for 3 months to get his life together .
he seems to genuinely want to stay away from drugs but the girlfriend is not up for negotiation .
days before he was set to leave for utah we find out that she is pregnant with his child .
it 's breaking my heart to see what he 's doing with his life and i feel like i do n't even know him anymore .
what can my husband and i do to get through to him before it 's too late ?
if you live in the uk have sky and the family pack season 1 and 2 of agents of shield is available on their box set section to watch at your viewing pleasure .
mac address of wifi geo-stalkable even when not connected to the internet
mac address of nearby wifi devices including laptops tablets and cell phones are automatically captured by apple google and microsoft computers and cell phones and skyhook .
they are using their customers to spy on each other .
without our knowledge and consent we spy on each other simply by turning on computers installed with windows and smartphones installed with windows apple or google operating system .
disabling location on smartphones does not disable capturing mac addresses of nearby computers and smartphones .
nor does refraining from using wifi prevent capturing near mac addresses .
some iphones that enabled at t nyse t vodafone nyse vod and other carriers to frequently force the devices to connect to any wi-fi network identified as attwifi . ''
mac address of bluetooth is geo-stalkable even though bluetooth is not 'visible ' or turned on .
eluding bluetooth can transmit up to one mile or 1.78 kilo meters
eluding tracking wearable devices could be very easy via bluetooth low energy
zigbee enabled smart devices and networks being geolocated and fingerprinted
classification of object tracking techniques in wireless sensor networks ' by mohsin fayyaz .
four more days and some change till the release !
i know a lot of people are burned out on cod but i skipped two generations of cod and am ready to get back in .
i will be picking up my copy at gamestop but i heard digital copies pre-download so you can play immediately on the second it is released .
any goats on the x1 getting this then feel free to play with me .
i mostly play tdm kc and s d usually in hardcore mode but down for any mode really .
also im not usually good in zombies so i dont play that but will be down to be on anyones zombie killing team if available .
oh and coop can be played with 3 others so i 'd be down for that too !
sorry if this is the wrong place to post this but i was at dinner with my family and we were talking about where our family was from and my mom said she found a town called parazinsky my last name is parazin in latvia/lithuania or somewhere near there
also i do n't know what media type this would be sorry
are you allowed to choose what c school you attend before you go to boot camp or can you only choose your c school depending on how you do in a school ?
does anyone know of a scoring system for multi-week tournaments with a cumulative score for a season champion ?
or would a separate scoring system work like you get x points for finishing first 2nd ... . with larger events scoring more points ?
let me know what you guys have seen done and what you can think of .
i ordered the fc-710 from steven and tracking started showing on the 25th .
about how long can i expect to wait for the rig to arrive ?
just looking for a little anecdotal evidence from people who have ordered from him .
not sure if this is the right sub for this but i have to give a business case presentation soon for a f500 interview .
should i use that company 's theme in my deck or would they complain that the theme is theirs and not mine to use ?
my acer-aspire with windows 10 installed was working fine until a few days ago when it completely lost its wi-fi .
i do n't mean that my wi-fi was n't working it just was n't there anymore .
not in my network settings not even in my command prompt it was like my computer had never been connected to anything in the first place .
my modem and router is fine and i do n't think its the connection since the dell i 'm using seems to be connecting fine .
my ip address has disappeared and my dns server is n't showing anymore either on that computer .
i 've tried calling the company i use for my internet but they have n't been able to resolve the issue .
video of all lifts https youtu.be/h3knmtzmivk warning music in video
short history 31 yrs old and have been training powerlifting for 2 years with this meet being my 1st meet this year and my 3rd meet total .
i switched to a modified texas method around 10 weeks before the meet and had been seeing great gains right up through my meet peaking .
this made it hard to gauge attempts as i kept setting new 3 and 2 rep maxes .
squat 1st attempt 330 lbs felt great no problems 2nd attempt 360 lbs was worried about this but felt better than 330 3rd attempt 375 lbs grinder and my form broke down badly with my hips shooting up but i got 3 whites for a 15 lb pr !
bench opened with 225 lbs and it looked great but my left lower back was hurting due to my 3rd squat and made arching difficult .
2nd attempt 250 lbs no lift back was still nagging me and i should 've went with a lighter 2nd but i 've hit 250 in training many times and did n't listen to my body you can see my bar path was terrible .
3rd attempt same weight felt better but could n't complete it no lift .
deadlift first time using a speciality bar opened 430 lbs and felt easy went for 465 on my second and it was a grinder but 3 whites for a 15 lb pr but that back strain from my 3rd squat was worse after this deadlift you can see i pull all the slack outta the bar but then lose it and start my pull with my hips to high i 'd have preferred a regular stiff bar .
my back felt terrible and i thought about passing on my 3rd attempt but i rolled out a bunch and stretched and felt slightly better decided to cinch my belt tighter and give it a go 3rd attempt 470 no lift .
went 6 for 9 and set prs on squat and deads but did n't reach my goal total due to my bench going bad .
the meet was huge 3 large flights on all lifts with lots of geared lifters one flight of bench had 27 lifters alone !
warm up room was set up great with music pumped in but my warm ups were limited by so many lifters on squat and bench i only got to 295 and 185 on warm ups before i had to go to my 1st attempts .
i felt judging was a little lax one guy benching in multi ply bled all over from his nose and just left his bloody tissues on the warm up area floor .
some really strong lifters there for sure though and overall a very well run and organized meet despite the size .
one thing though was they blasted music all day long out in the platform area including during the lifts and made it hard to hear commands and really i love pump up music but after 10 hrs straight i was sick of the noise .
my last meet in july of last year i only totaled 970 lbs so i feel like i 'm finally hitting my stride even at 31 yrs old .
my back feels better today but going to take it easy this week .
i definitely need to address some weaknesses like quad strength so looking to do more hypertrophy in the future .
here 's a 9 minute version of it i want the full version of it i already saw it once but never downloaded it
i was playing blood runs deep when i tranqed one of the snipers that was standing on the river and as i was on my way to scan his stats i realized nothing was showing because he was dead .
i was confused for a bit because all the weapons i had were nonlethal there was no way for me to have killed this guy then i realized that he actually drowned to death .
i never knew that was a mechanic in the game .
i have an onion that i got about 2 weeks ago that sprouted and has a top that 's about 10 inches tall .
if it is does it affect the flavor at all ?
ninja edit not sure if this is the right sub but it 's the best i can think of .
i feel bad to admit that i did n't plan to trip sit at all tonight .
i 'm probably the worst person to trip sit with because of my extreme anxiety but the job was sort of pushed onto me .
aka she told me the dealer was coming 15 minutes before he came and i 'm the only person around who 's close to her
i only know how to handle seizures because of a history of having them .
i also know how to handle panic attacks except that i 'm currently feeling one coming on right now in myself .
she already dropped the acid during the short time i felt a little confident but now my confidence is gone .
i hate being such a downer but days in which i was already in panic mode from crowds are not the days i should be trip sitting .
i know this is probably going to be downvoted .
whether it be for cultural/historical reasons or the market just is n't right for it .
original to avoid typical dae le s w s3 ?
i have had consistent high cortisol levels for 4 years my adrenals do not produce well either according to blood and urine tests .
what can i do to either lower my cortisol and/or raise my hgh and adrenals ?
i would like to remove the standard functions from my f keys so that i can actually use them but i want to keep some prebuilt functions as well .
is there any way to move functions like the volume up/down to something else such as alt+f key or maybe something on the numpad ?
they ignore reports of what most would consider obvious infractions they allow battalion recruitment threads to be hijacked by butthurt players spewing bile at clans that they recognize from wot .
they do n't respond to pm 's asking for clarification of the rulings that they do make .
it seems to me that the forums are becoming more and more..i hate to use this word toxic '' as time goes by and it 's coming from all types of players not just one particular section .
anybody else having similar experiences with the official forum ?
or do you think the more hands off moderation approach is preferable to the red crayon fest that sometimes happened on the wot forums ?
hey guys i 'm completely lost trying to figure out how to implement the load function on this problem set .
i do n't think my brain is wired to easily deal with the theory involved at this stage .
i 've rewatched all the videos and still ca n't grasp what is required .
did anybody else hit a wall at this stage and if so how did you overcome it .
there is a deadline for the course on january 1st so is it worth sticking it out if i 've hit my limit with pset5 ?
tips like which brands to get which to avoid .
i plan on waiting to the last night for the deals so anything else would be helpful .
i 'm just curious about how well people eat .
after giving the models a base coat and shade should one dry brush the models or edge highlight them ?
currently trying to paint a gurren lagaan based tau force so just wondering whether it 'd be better to drybrush a brighter red on top of the mephiston red or just highlight using evil sunz scarlet .
i 've decided to clean out my stock for all ya 'll .
i have cpus mobos gpus a psu cheap ram and a laptop up for sale so let 's dig in and get to the fun !
please allow a few days for shipping i work every weekday so it 's hard to get packages into the mail sometimes !
i really should just hire some monkeys to do shipping and processing !
dell latitude e6430s i7-3520m 2.90 ghz 8gb 1600 mhz ram 160 gb hdd .
sapphire r9 280x 3gb do n't know value 110 paid
corsair value select ram 2x4gb do n't know speed ... sorry 15 paid
this laptop is in great condition currently running ubuntu but i can put windows on if need be .
there is an issue with the power jack sometimes it does not work and you 'll have to keep pulling the charging cord out and plugging it back in before it 's recognized .
i suspect it 's an issue with the jack itself i 've done some research and it seems to be fairly easy to fix .
the jack is n't soldered to the motherboard and supposedly you can just pop it out and swap it .
a computer repair shop could most likely do it for cheap dells are known to have this issue .
the jack really has yet to be an issue for me though .
i have n't had the battery completely die before usually it will start charging if you leave it alone for a while .
these prices are all negotiable i based them off of quick ebay searches .
i 'm looking for either straight paypal or a macbook pro .
i 'd be willing to give all of this away for a macbook with cash on top at least a couple hundred if we can work out a deal that way or other deals could be worked out .
thank you all do n't be afraid to ask questions or leave suggestions on prices !
recently switched to the nexus 5x so i 'm selling my lg g3 .
it 's been in a ringke case since day one along with the tempered glass screen protector .
the screen protector is a little rough up but the actual screen should be fine .
there 's just a minor blemish on the back cover but barely noticeable .
from what i understand you need to fill out a form i do n't remember the form number off the top of my head to take a sbr mg or aow across state lines however from what i remember it does not mention suppressors in the regulations about transporting across state lines .
does this mean you do n't need to fill out any forms to take a suppressor across state lines ?
i 'm asking because i 'm going on a hunting trip in a week and if i do not need to file paperwork i will take my can with me however if i do have to or majority response is better be safe than sorry '' then my suppressor will be staying at home .
also if anyone could supply the regulations where it states you need to file the form whether it mentions suppressors or not it would be greatly appreciated .
btw i will be flying so no worry of which states i 'm traveling through and the destination state suppressors are indeed lega
update after alittle searching i found this https www.atf.gov/firearms/qa/does-registered-owner-destructive-device-machine-gun-short-barreled-shotgun-or-short straight from the atf 's faq .
not only does it not say you have to file a form for cans but it specifically says you do not have to file a form for cans .
about half an hour ago i was out walking and found a substantial amount of money on the ground enough that someone would notice and be upset when they next check their wallet .
if you or anyone you know lost some cash tonight message me with how much and where you think it was lost !
if anyone has any other advice on how to try to find who lost it let me know !
i 'd love to keep it but my conscience is pushing me to do some due diligence to find the rightful owner first .
why is it that the developers for cyanogenmod are able to update phones when oems like samsung motorola lg claim that they ca n't update a phonne ?
not only do these companies have more money and employees they happen to have the complete documentation for all of their phones and yet they are outdone by developers who make roms as a hobby and release them for free ?
not even nexus phones are an exception either the galaxy nexus never got kitkat officially and yet cm 11 runs perfectly fine .
i 'm genuinely curious as to why this is happening .
so my kitchen is lacking a bit in spices .
on friday i 'm going to check out the nearby ethnic grocery store and get a few also looking into bulk barn may or may not bring home chocolate too ... .
i have curry tandoori garam masala huge bag was three something onion flakes garlic etc ... open to suggestions !
i 'm looking for a death record of any sorts for my mother 's 2nd great-grandmother matilda j. dowis .
we know when she died but no idea how .
she was only 35 so that 's why we 'd like to know what happened .
she was born in 1860 and died 5 november 1895 .
she married patrick farrell so farrell would be the name on any death record .
she had five kids but only two of the kids really went on to live get married and have kids .
we found one small mention of her death in a newspaper but all it said was that she died i ca n't remember which sorry .
we looked in the court houses but found no records of her death .
we 've also been to the taylor county historical society in bedford .
she was born and lived almost right on the border of iowa and missouri .
the records are very skewed due to the fact that the border changed so many times .
they lived right next to present day sheridan missouri but also lived in bedford iowa .
so we 've found most records in taylor county ia and nodway county mo .
however there might be records in the other surrounding counties .
we 'd really appreciate any help anyone can give .
it 'd be amazing to put one of my mom 's 20 year genealogy mysteries to rest .
how am i supposed to hold out not spoiling myself for 8 more days ?
this was posted a couple of years ago by u/immaculate_deception and i 'm interested to see how times have changed .
disregard the 2.0 in the name i had to fix an issue or two .
i wanted to do a level that had a very strong focus on atmosphere story and platforming depending on what path you take as there are two different ways .
but i did n't want to focus on that .
i wanted to focus on making the player feel uncomfortable with what they 're experiencing .
so i am 26 currently live in the uk and i 've recently been offered a job that requires me to relocate to la .
now the company i work for can not offer me any help in finding a place to live so i am on my own and i have never even lived outside of my home city so i have absolutely no idea what i am doing and i was hoping some of you kind people would be able to throw me some free advice .
i have no idea what the cost of housing is in la especially around the 90025 area and i also have no idea what the local area is like in terms of access to public transport grocery shopping entertainment crime noise etc .
ideally my accommodation would be within 2 miles of 90025 as i do n't drive am an avid cyclist and would prefer to ride to work rather than use public transport or taxis .
i would really appreciate it if people could direct me to any websites that i can use to look for places or if anybody knows any companies that wo n't try to scam me because i am obviously going to be new to the country .
also any generic advice for moving into the country/state/area would be gratefully received .
edit i am looking for a 1-bedroom or studio apartment for 1 person .
i barely know tech terms but i can learn them if you give a quick explanation
new smurf account lvl50 throps i need good tips for high mmr
worth a pickup if he 's on your wire ?
i see him avail right now in our 12 team ppr .
i did n't have time to load it up the way i wanted to but i did provide a few pdfs to download .
when i last checked the dhcp logs i had about 20-30 who had connected at some point .
i did n't see anyone use the chat feature and i do n't know if there is a log to see if anyone dowloaded any files .
it was a little nerve-wracking because i was scared that some might start looking for the source .
i did notice a few brothers seem to jump up and there were some whispers going on around me .
next time i 'll try to plan ahead a bit more and provide more than just the couple of files that i uploaded .
i 'm using a throwaway because i do n't want this tied back to my main account at least for now .
i absolutely despise your team and all of their damn comebacks .
but in the same way i hate david ortiz it 's only because they just keep killing us and playing well .
glad to see rios get a ring as well as zobrist cueto butera infante etc .
i 'm happy for salvy too so much respect for that guy .
takes a beating every day and still plays 150 games and has the greatest accent in the world .
cause with our barely increased payroll we sure as shit wo n't .
ordered on 9/29 frost 64gb ... . should be getting it somewhere between the 5 and the 9 .
i 'm just jealous of everyone that got there 's early .
i know that a lot of people saw the peeltheorange.com post about marvel changing their plans and switching iron fist to a film and instead have punisher take his place in the defenders ...
but i can tell you this in no way happening .
i just ordered the limited edition to add to my collection and on the site i ordered it from everyone is saying you need to watch the series first .
i 've only seen fma b is it necessary to watch the original fma prior to watching this movie ?
i ca n't join or host any games it just shows blank names in the deck select menu .
i plan to leave my job as a software dev .
two of the three other entry level developers are assholes the pay is below industry average hardly any code review and just bad software .
my boss is a good guy for the most part .
and i realize i will have to tell my boss face to face when i quit that i am quitting .
i can either tell him why i am leaving and mention everything i listed above or i can just say some generic shit about how the new job is a 'better fit ' .
i feel like what i tell my boss could serve as a learning point for my boss .
it should n't be that you have to climb bronze 1 to gold/platinum if you are already a skilled player .
from hindsight it may be hard to implement but the devs should consider it as a side objective .
just a year ago and he was with me in the hospital for my d c and taking care of me afterwards .
i really really wish we 'd been able to successfully conceive again before he passed away .
my car plays music over bluetooth with my phone and i have some voice recordings on my phone from the celebration of life preparations .
my dog was in the car with me and a recording came on and he got so excited to hear my fiancé 's voice .
new habit working out everyday even if it is a little bit do something .
i have lots of stat population to do once the cup starts and it makes it a pain in the butt if i need to figure out what team switched to what .
so no matter how unclever your dumbass hockey puns are try to keep them as is .
if you do feel the absolute need to change it send me a pm and i 'll update it .
i was wondering if there were any of those seasonal pop-up stores selling fireworks .
the 20 ' shipping container dropped on a corner style .
my wife son want sparklers but does n't want to buy a box of other stuff we 're not going to let off due to our location .
will someone with computer skills please put together a montage of either the mets ' or all of the playoff opponents ' defensive blunders ?
i love to watch when the other teams look inept .
i see all these people with these ace attorney profile pictures or whatever name they go by and i 'm not sure how you obtain them could you please tell me how ?
i also like snapchat and kik if thats more your thing .
there are so many old wives tales and superstitions '' that predict the gender of your baby !
and were there any that were true for you mommies out there ?
i 'm almost 12 weeks pregnant and i ca n't wait to find out what i 'm having !
my previous post was about how my parents let my little brother go to the park go unattended he is 8
last time he went we found out he was there with no one around him.m someone could of quickly snached him .
my parents dont seem to give a shit where he is .
my parents dont care that i worry they just let it happen and have anxiety kill me inside .
my anxiety is even so bad that when my 8 year old brother even goes in the backyard i have to keep checking he is ok .
deleted a cas then re downloaded after the characters face has dark .
thought it was an issue with the face mappings stored on my save and there was no way to delete so i tried reinstalling the game .
redownloaded all my favorite caws and now all have this problem .
i keep hearing that park point and province suck .
i saw the post about the roommate deal and i agreed that that was handled poorly .
whenever i ask people they say the management '' or the internet .
i feel like those are things that you have to deal with anywhere .
i get the price is high but the apartments are nice and the location is perfect .
so can anyone tell me why there 's so much hate about park point ?
like what would i have to deal with if i were to live there ?
please be light level 308 plus tom etc add skibz89
we obviously have needs so who is out there that we could actually get and have them make an impact ?
i would put high schools and churches into the ring
just wondering if i missed it or my game 's glitching up .
i 'm trying to understand the first two lines of this vine https vine.co/v/e0zrrqi7azo .
i sort of get that the first one is something like どこに行くんで？
im playing on a i7 4790k amd 280 8gb ram .
in competitive im playing with 300-400fps but on deathmatch im dropping between 120-220fps and the game feels realy laggy .
before the update with the hitbox came i got between 250-300fps on dm 's and the game was realy smooth .
please let us remember valve that there is still a issue .
edit i mean 128 tick dm 's not the valve 64tick ones .
i ca n't sleep my back hurts so bad apparently the hour i was on my feet yesterday was simply too much for my stupid body to take and i 've spent the entire day trapped in bed on a heating pad and rattling my almost empty bottle of painkillers .
of course i ca n't ask my doctor for more because that would seem like drug seeking never mind that i have a legitimate degenerative disease that 's main symptom is extremely pain .
i feel like i 'm losing my mind today .
i 've done my best to keep my thoughts positive but i feel everything closing in around me .
like i 'm spending my days hardly keeping my head above water .
it 's amazing how much never ending pain will kill your insides .
i even dream about pain now it literally never stops .
goddamnit life was n't supposed to be like this .
i just want to be able to live a life like any other 26 year old .
i was a tattoo artist i played roller derby and painted at art festivals .
i was going to visit italy japan and within the next few years that wo n't be an option any longer .
but oh yea the pain took away my real job so i can barely afford food let alone travel .
i was beautiful and strong now i ca n't even leave the house most days in case i get dizzy or weak and fall down alone .
i just want something to take me away so i can start over .
i 've been looking for a programming purpose laptop .
i think i found what i need http www.amazon.com/gp/product/b0146dd02g however shipping to eu is not possible .
so i am looking for anything close to this one .
also i 've been looking at two other laptops however i guess they are not as good as one i mentioned those are more expensive due to os included probably .
maybe you can tell if any of these is best ?
for school we are writing analytical essays in which we analyse persuasive pieces and write an essay on how the author intends to persuade the reader .
this is one i wrote although it is only the introduction and 1 body paragraph i was hoping some of you could provide tips on how i can improve and also if i am going in the right direction .
a community has been discussing the possible future uses of an area of land that has not been used since the closure of a railway line .
in a newsletter distributed to every household in the community titled getting our future back on track – slowly the leader of the grow slow garden group contends in an assertive tone that building a community garden in place of unused land is the most beneficial option for the community .
the writer begins by introducing the idea of a ‘greener australia ' he satisfyingly states how to group ‘grow slow ' are proud to be contributing to a greener australia .
this urgers the reader to reflect on the current not so ‘green ' state of australia raising a sense of disappointment and failure to upkeep the state of their nation .
this appeal to nationalism is intended to engage the reader 's national pride in turn making them more inviting or any solutions which he later suggests that shall improve the sustainability of australia .
the writer assertively states that it is about time the council gave the community the permit to transform the shockingly neglected wasteland into fresh natural land .
this contrast compels the readers to feel disgusted with the ‘wasteland ' along with developing a sense of disappointment at the ‘neglect ' which has occurred through the hands of the community suggesting they as a part of the community have personally played part in what is now a ‘wasteland ' .
by comparing the thought of waste and failure linked to a wasteland to the cleanliness of fresh natural land the latter signifying health and wellbeing .
this compels the reader to feel personally responsible for the neglect done to an otherwise pure land .
once again raising disappointment and the susceptibility of agreeing with any solutions the newsletter presents as a means to clean up their act and obtain a better future .
thus agreeing to the project of building a community garden .
i am conducting a semester long research project for a market research course .
the purpose of this survey is to understand travelers ' booking preferences and accommodation needs .
i will be using this information to create real world marketing strategies .
the survey should n't take longer than 10-15 minutes to complete .
therefore if you could forward it to anyone who may be interested in this survey please share it !
if the link is n't working copy and paste this into your browser
i have to use this app for my work email and i 'm hoping i will be able to get it working on the 6p .
i believe the app attempts to detect if you have root as well so not sure if i should unlock/root which i was going to do just for the hell of it .
i believe this is the app it is pretty awful but i have no choice https play.google.com/store/apps/details ? id=com.good.android.gfe hl=en
my friend is n't going to talk to me for 3 days for this https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=siodceymfwq
so how is the population on the xbox one can i find pvp matches etc to play in the game ?
so i do n't know if this is related to size but i have only gotten off from bj one time in my life and that was because i basically fucked her face off .
whenever i get a new gf i have to go through the rigamarole of bj 's do n't do it for me '' ... '' oh well it 's cuz you 've never had me before '' ... '' no seriously i 'm sure you 're very good but except for a precursor they really do n't do it for me '' ... and then lo and behold it happens i do n't cum and i have an insecure partner on my hands .
i know it 's not sensitivity problems or control issues cuz i cum pretty quickly when girls take control and ride me .
thanks everybody glad i 'm not just some unappreciative guy .
post here or pm in game to buy it in person for 8.2m
im talking about the main menu screen my collection shop etc .
i have n't played a game yet cause i do n't wont to risk it but i 'm guessing it will be in slow mo there aswell .
this is the first time i have this issue in like more than a year and i got it today so maybe that can help you .
edit thanks for the suggetion guys but sadly i had to reinstall the game but atleast that fixed it
someone posted a very well edited video a couple of weeks back that started off in nuketown on round 1 and went through a variety of different levels .
the inter round editing was done flawlessly was a well presented vid all round im pretty sure the guy said he almost quit making it at one stage but glad he did not !
if anyone could re link me that vid or post it would be much appreciated as i have struggled to find it over the weekend .
i would love to see the new creatures pitch black depths bioluminescent creatures and plants reefs and an overal rich waterworld .
maybe some fisherboats fishingnets stronger throwing spears waves jumping megalodons .
be as specific as possible and include specific games or programs you will be using .
as close to 600 as possible a little bit over is fine as well
note beyond a week or two from today means any build you receive will be out of date when you want to buy .
what exactly do you need included in the budget ?
which country and state/province will you be purchasing the parts in ?
if you 're in us do you have access to a microcenter location ?
if reusing any parts including monitor s keyboard/mouse/etc what parts will you be reusing ?
if yes are you interested in overclocking right away or down the line ?
are there any specific features or items you want/need in the build ?
ex ssd large amount of storage or a raid setup cuda or opencl support etc
do you have any specific case preferences size like itx/microatx/mid-tower/full-tower styles colors window or not led lighting etc or a particular color theme preference for the components ?
do you need a copy of windows included in the budget ?
if you do need one included do you have a preference ?
i will need a copy of windows and any thats compatible with fallout 4 is fine
a build i found around my price point but idk how well it would run fo4
yes i 'm an 87er but i 'm not trying to be ugly about it i 'm genuinely curious and want to know your reasons .
since this seems pretty definitive as much as fnaf ever can be .
also i do n't want this to devolve into a fight .
if you and i mean both sides ca n't say anything nice ... you know the rest .
this has happened to my more than 4 times and is imo kind of game breaking if you used a lot of cross keyboard binds and fly to most places you go .
i mean it 's fine just fucking dieing but it makes it that much worse when i have lost multiple ascendant items because of it .
edit i was hoping to possibly get a dev 's attention with this post or hopefully they are already working on this thank you to everyone who gave a valid response .
i already beat the boss and got to the end of the jumping puzzle .
i just need two people to help me finish .
clear video of harden during the same song https twitter.com/mylesg10/status/661008175399768064/video/1
my cousin and i recently got back into yu-gi-oh and this time we got money to actually buy some individual cards to make our own deck .
i wanted to make a deck that is not only on par with his yugi deck full of spellcasters and the egyptian gods we did agree that we would play traditional rules but also to be able to play other people i come across which is why i want to follow the current banned list .
this is my deck after i guess a few weeks of impulsive decisions and looking at some blue-eyes builds .
1x monster gate this one i was debating whether to take out or not .
1x number 95 galaxy-eyes dark matter dragon queen dragun djinn castel the skyblaster musketeer not sure which one would be better
so you may be wondering why so little syncros and xyzs ?
basically when we came back we agreed that we would only have 2 syncos max 5 xyz and no pendulums does n't make sense but we 're sticking with it .
so now that is out of the way i 'm open to hearing any suggestions to cut some cards down to a deck of 40 and/or card replacements for this deck .
so like the title says i am on d1 and i am wondering when to start using a root stimulator .
600w mh/hps dimmable ballast with reflector hood with 6 inch inline fan and carbon filter
planted in fox farms happy frog soil with 30-40 pearlite added .
i will be using general organics nutrients with their bio root formula .
edit yes i know giant pots but yeah that 's happening and i will lst when the time comes .
edit2 d1 is from sprout the durban poison is actualy on d2 and because i am odd like that they all have names .
i 've been doing fairly well with my ocd and generalized anxiety for a few years now but i 've been sleeping very badly this past week and have been really bad at taking my medication for the past few weeks before that due to a new job .
my roommates are n't the cleanest of people and i can normally deal with it but earlier this week i came home feeling super anxious and felt like my house was infected so i did a huge raid of the kitchen and bathroom and my room cleaning everything and throwing out so many things .
i really wish i would have communicated this better to my roommates before hand so that this would n't have shocked them so much but they were n't too pleased about the 4 hour cleaning spree .
anyway about a day later i saw a mouse and just freaked out .
i 've never dealt with mice before and with my ocd having already acted up earlier it turned into a full blown panic attack .
my boyfriend came and helped me get out of the house and i took some time off and stayed with my mom for a few days as i was still convinced that the mice had gotten into everything and was going to make me sick .
i tried to explain this to my roommates but they would n't take it seriously !
they just joke about getting a cat and then telling me i was overreacting .
i 'm back home now and having a really hard time sleeping since the mice are still here ca n't see them but they 're definitely there .
i 'm trying not to give into my compulsions but i really am struggling with how to deal with the situation .
i know rationally that mice are n't a big deal but it 's causing me so much stress and i would think just even from a rational point of view that you 'd want to get rid of them ! !
i 've laid out some traps but am just feeling really hurt by my roommates lack of sympathy and understanding about the situation i 'm also pretty upset that i 'm the only one trying to deal with the issue .
any advice on how to talk to them about all of this would be greatly appreciated !
hi i recently purchased for myself x400 printer by germanreprap but i still struggle with correct settings .
great printer with unmatched print space 400x390x330 but lacks a print cooling fan i will have to make it myself someday .
printer head sometimes fullstopped for a second or two causing blobs .
not nice but not a real problem most likely caused by software .
happened on most bigger prints and i still dont know how to fix it .
is there any way how can i avoid it please ? ?
printed in pla with mattercontrol 0.5mm nozzle and 3mm fillament 75mm/s infill 50mm/s perimeters 0.2mm layer height 1 perimeter and 10 infill grid and 200°c .
was n't sure where to ask so this seems like an appropriate place .
my buddy and i want to get lightsabers to use for combat/cosplay .
but seeing as we 're in australia they 're kinda hard to come by .
we discovered that to get two red grab bags with combat blades from ultrasabers we have to pay 170 each .
but on the other hand i 'm considering tcss as we can design our own and i enjoy working with electronics .
however i 'm not sure how simple/complex the building process is .
i know ultrasabers have a bad rep but they 're the cheapest option .
my roy 's not that bad my wolt is a monster sue got screwed but shin is doing great .
all in all for fe6 being as problematic as it is i 'm at chapter 14 no problems for me .
until i 'm reading another post and long story short i do n't have armads all is lost .
it was one of those priest with a kid glued to his pants '' but it was taken to the extreme .
it was a pope costume with creepy make up and a giant penis that went through a doll .
i think i saw this post on reddit maybe on saturday
i heard that the mid sized start ups uber stripe airbnb twitter palantir etc .
and jane street/two sigma mostly hire from university career fairs and referrals .
i 've been applying to them for new grad positions with no luck even with a big 4 internship on my resume because i go to a low ranked cs school that gets no love .
is there any other way to get an interview at these places other than searching the black market for referrals ?
will it get any easier after 1-2 years of experience ?
i really like rubick but he is way too squishy !
is there any way to avoid being destroyed and nuked down which is almost every game !
just a heads up best buy is selling the xbox one version of fantasia music evolved for 5 with free shipping right now http www.bestbuy.com/site/disney-fantasia-music-evolved-xbox-one/8474031.p ? id=1219339619657 skuid=8474031 acampid=0 ref=8575135 loc=0 .
i bought this game when it was first out a year ago and it remains my absolute favorite game ever made in the last half decade or so that the kinect has been a thing .
i really loved how it integrates the motion controls and how much influence you have over how a song sounds by the end .
it unfortunately was released right at the time microsoft all but abandoned the kinect but if you happen to have the device and want to use it for something deeper than a voice activated universal remote this game should remind you of a lot of the potential the device has for games .
plus all the achievement art makes for some great dashboard wallpapers .
hope you and some more people will finally get a chance to play this game .
it 's often overlooked but i feel it is really special regardless .
graduated in may in michigan with a bachelor 's in emergency management .
life circumstances brought me out to spokane in september .
i was luckily able to get a job in retail fairly quickly and am very grateful for that .
but i 'd love to put my degree to use helping people and the community .
my problem lies in that i 'm not really sure where to look or how to look .
i check all the job sites but i feel like i 'm underqualified and do n't really get any responses .
i 've held a full time job since 15 so i 'm no stranger to working .
but i spent 5 years at my first job movie theatre and the next 5.5 at staples .
if anyone has any ideas or is looking for a really hard worker please let me know !
i 'm eager to get out there and help .
and did i mention i 'm used to retail wages so ...
i 'm a cheap addition to a workforce thanks and hope to talk to someone soon !
movie title the anthem of the heart beautiful word beautiful world
description jun is a girl whose words have been sealed away .
she was once a very happy girl but because of a certain thing she said when she was very young her family was torn apart .
one day the egg fairy appeared in front of her and sealed away her ability to talk in order to stop her from hurting anybody else .
since this traumatic experience jun lives in the shadows away from the limelight .
but one day she is nominated to become an executive member of the community outreach council . ''
on top of that jun is also appointed to play the main lead in their musical ...
i 'd easily rank it above the anohana movie for its focused character development and its attempt at being different from standard rom/sen but that 's just me .
spoiler s i am kinda bummed sakagami did not feel the same way for naruse he clearly feels 'something ' but on the other hand it is kind of the breath of fresh air to see something a little different . ''
honestly you do live under a rock p this was in production for over 9 years .
my niece is extremely well behaved at 2.5 years old .
occasionally she has a tantrum and has hit her little sister 10 mo .
she immediately calms down says sorry bobby '' instead of baby and kisses her and they get along .
she has never been screamed at hit or anything negative .
always a positive attitude from her parents while taking with her and firmly establishing boundaries .
believe it or not that actually works and hitting your kids is n't necessary .
most devices either pull a tiny bit of juice to keep things like the clock running or they even have a tiny battery of their own just for that .
if it requires changing the surrounding parts to accommodate them i think you and i are out of luck .
as far as i can tell you need to live in one of the six districts .
the city clerk 's office at 407.246.2251 should be able to answer you if the where do i vote '' link does n't help .
did you get those seeds all the way up your butt ?
yeah many more use it that are actually in need then abusing it .
i do n't think the systems completely messed up .
i just know alot of right wingers that are abusing the system and then complaining about people abusing said system .
it helps many many more people in need then are abusing it .
but i think we should crack down a little bit .
doctor notes mean nothing today since they are so busy it 's like an assembly line .
my best friend and i watch the show together call him bro-do bagans '' .
alfiemomo46 lvl 315 sunsinger already done 3 time this week i 'm just bored
i nearly drowned on a white water rafting trip .
i could n't breathe and had no energy to continue fighting the water .
i remember thinking well i 'm young but i had a good enough run '' and i gave up accepting that i was going to die .
i lost track of where i was in the water and then i had the bright light feeling it was a very warm comforting experience .
my life did flash before my eyes it was like remembering every memory i had instantaneously with perfect clarity .
i had never felt more at peace with the world .
and then i came to vomiting water in another raft full of strangers .
i spent the next few months struggling with the fact that i had stopped fighting to live .
pre-calc is essentially algebra 2. my high school it was lumped together into algebra 2 and pre calc
best undertale-related poetry i 've had the pleasure of reading .
ahhh poor seal was just trying to netflix and chill by himself .
if you enjoy refn 's visuals i 'd recommend only god forgives .
it 's probably closer to drive than it is to bronson but i like it a hell of a lot more .
it does star ryan gosling though so watch at your own risk .
you 'd probably drive the poor bastard to suicide .
but i can see that it would not appeal to everyone it basically just talk and very little action
provided they have at least one funky worm and broom dance attached .
let me take a stab at this but someone a bit deeper into the bitcoin mathematics can weigh in if they see this .
the way the hashrate works the ten minutes affects everyone .
it just means that finding the golden ticket '' is so difficult it 's epic more difficult today for instance than it was in 2011 when someone with a home desktop could mine hundreds of btc each day that a new block is only written every ten minutes .
this technical lottery '' ensures that the authority to write an official block to the blockchain is given out randomly read in the interest of fairness to ensure that no one gets preferential treatment .
there is no reward for solving a block faster than anyone else that 's not where the race is .
the miners however are indeed focused on speed ensuring that their machines are super fast at hashing in fact the asics they use are custom-made for one thing hashing to optimize the chances that they get lucky more often and get to write the blocks and thence to get the currently 25 btc reward .
this is a very well thought out system and it 's no joke .
in fact it has been recognized just this past week as an official currency for vat purposes in europe .
where it goes from here however is still very much worth watching .
i do n't know what my issue was then .
at least this is n't a widespread problem though !
brandon jay mclaren jakes is in a new show slasher ''
if it 's against the guidelines then fair enough .
make the video about the violation rather than pretending it 's a group of people scamming money by selling a text document .
you can resit with a tunnocks tea cake if you 're diabetic or something
there was no joke there you 're simply trying to play off your asinine response as a joke to save face .
first was 10 days late second was 4 days late and third was induced at 11days late.my second was the biggest by almost a pound too even though she was the earliest d
it 's not nearly as abrasive as margot and greenberg if that 's what bothered you .
a lot of its sensibility is clearly drawn from gerwig 's work on the screenplay .
if you checked out frances ha and liked it then check this out for sure though it is n't nearly as good .
go to the macy 's men 's store or designer shoe warehouse both in the union square area .
the men 's shoes are on the top floor of either location .
some people in another thread were talking about using a chaos card inside of the secret room in greed mode so i played around with finding it .
apparently and i 've tested this extensively azazel and azazel only can access the secret room on the first floor .
and it 's always in the same place right to the left of the shop .
and azazel can bomb it open with 100 accuracy .
every other character ca n't because the room is n't there .
for some reason the game is generating a secret room in the same place every single time when azazel is the played character .
as well people have mentioned and i 've confirmed that roughly 50 of the time the secret room you go into has no exits .
i 've also confirmed that chaos card can break through the secret room wall from the shop 's side .
i 've yet to try to chaos card the room directly opposite the one you enter the secret room in but i honestly think it will break open into the new area '' .
as well look to la luna moon card teleports you to the secret room .
i 'm just tired of resetting for a chaos card drop .
edit 1 the room that generates even does so if the place where it should generate in the previous room is blocked with rocks or pots for example .
if you move in before i do tell me how it is .
this is my first time on twitch ... is it always this unreadable ?
the chat moves so fast that i ca n't even read any of the posts except for shitty pictures and ruined '' .
jones has a no trade clause in his contract i agree with everyone else harris is the odd man out and we need a reliable sf .
he says we have to go to the station ''
that implies he did n't give you a choice .
looking at your post history it looks like you are fairly active in theredpill .
not that it 's inherently bad i am also subscribed there and read posts there often .
as a 20 year old female i feel like it 's a good thing to know what 's going on in the minds of some of the people in the world but i think the danger of trp is that it leads people men especially obviously .
to having a negative view of women men and relationships .
there 's enough truth in some of their ideas/things they repeat that i think it 's easy to start thinking that most other things they say are true .
yeah i found trp after the fiasco with my ex .
it was something i relied on for a while but over the past couple of days i 've been thinking it 's hurting not helping .
i need to fully trust god not some guys online who although their methods make sense from a worldly perspective are ultimately wrong about what a healthy christian relationship looks like .
i 've been thinking about unsubscribing from trp for a while your comment was the final nail in that coffin .
i can understand how difficult it is when trust is broken .
but you do n't start immediately trusting someone right away it takes time and it builds up .
i think you 're worried about it right now because nobody is there to give you a reason to trust there is n't even anyone for you to give your trust to !
i made up a bunch of rules to try to keep myself from getting hurt again but they 're too restrictive .
it 's like a set of standards that i 'm forcing someone to meet quite high expectations too and lots of it founded on stuff i found on trp .
i 'm honestly considering throwing most of it out .
the only standard '' i have that i think really matters is that she has to be seeking after christ .
this nice guys are only nice because they 're trying to get in your pants '' .
the key is that it 's nice guys not guys who are nice .
but this new brand of men niceguys™ we are not fans of .
they say hey i 'm a nice guy ! .
but truly nice guys do n't have to tell people they are nice .
and women know that these men are just being nice to get things from them !
you should n't have a problem with this stigma if you are truly a nice person .
people will be able to see that and not be creeped out by thinking that you 're probably one of those guys .
and of course all this can be helped with just being friends with women for at least a little while .
give yourself a chance to find out if you can be friends with the girl or not before you decide to take it to another level .
there is nothing at all wrong with that whether or not you have feelings for the girl beforehand .
i 'm always questioning myself in my own mind about my own motivations for doing/saying things especially when a girl i 'm somewhat interested in is involved .
i want so badly to not be one of those guys '' so much so that if my motivations were even perceived by someone to be like that i would hate myself for acting that way i suspect even if that was n't my intention .
sometimes i even find myself questioning how i should interact with women i have no interest in at all because i 'm afraid of seeming creepy '' even to them .
i guess it 's something i 'm going to have to pray about and overcome on my own .
i did note that i was able to relax and interact with other women when i was dating my ex even if she was n't around .
i was n't worried that they would think i liked them or anything because i was with someone else i was n't worried about being perceived as a creep or manipulative because in my own somewhat naive i guess mind nobody being rational would think i was .
now that i 'm single again i 'm afraid my actions and words will be misinterpreted as he 's only being nice to manipulate me '' or other similar ideas .
and i do n't so much have a problem with the stigma itself as with the vitriol people sling at those they perceive to be niceguys^tm .
the stigma is deserved but the hatred and lack of empathy is n't .
edit i should note that at no time is it ever my intention to be manipulative .
i am however worried about being perceived as such .
yeah i will actually be dissapointed when it is n't that well except if it is really good .
and there 's no way it would be true right ?
that would make no sense for disney to do that .
til that giving a ball to hazard for him to dribble through multiple players and score serving him gifts on a platter .
thanks for that i wonder how many others you 'll grace with your flawless football knowledge and logic .
especially on the edge of a system looking back towards the star with all of the planets spread out .
looking back at a fully explored system contemplating all you 've seen before turning out into the darkness towards the next unknown would be awesome .
apparently they did n't even have to suspend him at all .
so he 's getting a pretty strict punishment compared to the usual punishment given at other schools most guys get one game off .
the raid machine gun is top tier and i know a lot of people like ruin wake .
ruin wake is good but i prefer the baron 's ambition which is a strike specific drop .
i think it drops from the saber strike or fallen strikes in general but i 'm not 100 sure .
if you 're looking to buy ruin wake is pretty much the one you want .
the new monarchy one is good too but it has a small magazine size .
i never noticed that cole called michael 's career being over the same as he called the streak being over .
so i have bitcoin core wallet v0.11.0 64 bit on ubuntu is it normal that it takes hours to synchronize just 4-5 days ?
sometimes i feel like it is not making any progress at all for a long period of time .
yeah i did n't know buying things was peasantry .
i 'd consider halo better than 99 of all fps games .
owning a console does n't make you a peasant .
i have plex media player working in 15.04 ... have n't upgraded yet and maybe i wo n't if there is trouble .
just glancing at how logical increments has the stuff listed i 'd think your cpu would end up bottlenecking the 970 .
i do n't know if it would be a severe problem though .
i read it best on a camping website once .
to you fluffy is a big lovable part of your family .
to everyone else he is a forty-pound carnivore . ''
hi we just launched a decision support platform for tracking key cryptocurrency metrics and infinitecoin is one of our featured coins .
construct a portfolio of any number of cryptocurrencies and track key price/volume metrics on one screen .
create customized notifications delivered straight to your inbox that keep you informed of major cryptocurrency events .
follow aggregated news feeds tailored to your cryptocurrency portfolio .
this is true but expensive does n't equal good for you '' .
my wife has plenty of very expensive shoes that are far from orthopedic .
so find good shoes first and worry about the cost second .
instead of just getting the most expensive shoes hoping they are healthy
fighting technique is n't relevant tbh if you are swarmed by a bunch of people with no weapons .
that 'd be fine except i have n't looked at ivs or egg moves yet .
if not i do n't mind picking out some with ivs/egg moves .
i understand the complaints about the creation engine and with bethesda just updating gamebryo forever apparently but these comparisons between witcher 3 and fallout 4 need to stop .
very terrible examples considering the the reason that fallout 4 has about the same requirements is because of the physics alone compared to witcher 3 .
comparing witcher 3 to fallout 4 is like comparing mass effect 1 to crysis which came out in the same year .
they 're both different types of games and one has superior graphics over the other .
how many ma a 25w audio amp would draw from its signal source ?
line-level inputs tend to be about 10k ohms input impedance and are supposed to be driven by 1.5v max .
but some very old line level inputs have an impedance as low as 600 ohms and 2v .
draw from a power source will of course be at least 25w for a 25w amp and probably a lot more .
a 50 efficient amp not unusual will of course need 25 w 0.5 50w of total power .
every time you switch phones or flash a new rom .
ruining his career would be keeping him and lie to him year after year that he 'll get the drive but never give it to him .
i am a switch but i get the most enjoyment from bottoming .
i met my fiance on fetlife and our kinks are one of the most important things in our relationship .
10 minutes into netflix and chill and he gives you that look .
probably a side effect from being in your possession .
i guess ... still ... what 's more slutty than sleeping with a married man ...
easiest fix to this problem is to just not let people attack others while being in guarded zones ... you get reset and lose your bank if u missclick and people try to trick/lure others all day long in banks .
there is nothing you can do if u accidentally skull in guarded zones so why let it be an option .
i lagged by 1 tick or so when trading someone i missclicked and skulled with my 2m bank .
and dont tell me to use a training bow cos that isnt something jagex meant for every1 to gear up in .
no by all reports bitcoin currently is n't useful in very poor countries .
it seems to have a lot of potential and is already superior in certain fringe use-cases .
if the ongoing blocksize debate does n't result in larger blocks it may never become useful since transaction costs will increase .
it still seems to lack the popularity but it may be more suited to somewhat poor '' countries with badly run economies such as venezuela ukraine indonesia .
it 's far easier to get a high performing single because any differences in the dual coils will change the way the resistance change happens and cause the mod to react slightly off .
while i dont disagree it would be like pitting the model x vs a m3 .
im sure this sub would be in a small outrage over that .
isnt this the name of volume 2 of the new 52 flash run ?
am i missing something on that site that answers my questions ?
now all it needs is an infinite loop of last christmas and a candy cane shoved up its ass .
spoilers he likes dog food and potted meat products .
born raised and still here 30 years later ... i do n't remember ever having any other earthquakes here either !
with that much exercise you should n't use the sedentary option in ketocalc .
intense and long exercise like hiit and squatting with heavy weigths elevates the resting metabolic rate up to 48 hours after exercise .
i would choose the moderately active '' setting and recalculate .
i wanted you to know that i believe you and that i will keep you in my prayers .
i share your belief that this is another human being .
as a game designer i might have some insight .
i do n't expect anything i 'm about to say to revelatory .
most of it is just rephrasing things other people have said .
but hopefully focusing on the game theory aspect may be illuminating .
this is a game where your opponent makes a score against you by successfully intimidating you without being caught .
you are essentially the goombas and koopas to this person 's mario .
each incident had a higher degree of difficulty than the last .
the first incident had your opponent outside the house .
the inevitable escalation is to be in the house with you at the same time .
to defeat bowser so to speak and win the game .
your best recourse is to amplify the difficulty of the game before your opponent develops the requisite skill to succeed .
each level of a video game is incrementally more difficult than the last so that the player can develop the skills they will need in order to succeed in the next level .
so warp your opponent to the final level before they 're ready .
you need to force your opponent to move faster than they want and to be better prepared than they are .
i just thought that this framework would be helpful .
your own country is the centre of white supremacy .
and the ones that survived you put on reserves and gave them gambling and alcohol to kill themselves .
the country was built on free labor by africans that you enslaved and bought over .
1/3 black men will be imprisoned in their lifetime .
destroy the black family by removing the fathers forcing the mothers to work 2 jobs .
so now the kids are on the street joining gangs and selling drugs to eat .
if you are ignoring that this is happening in your own country then you are blind or ignorant .
i have a bunch of sharks i 've been saving and now i can invest into my fire shark and not worry about this guy .
i did this when i was a noob with kernodon .
someone posted a video showing how fast it was and i got on the hype train .
watched it live and loved every second of it total chaos
i ordered on 10/9 for same as yours and mine went to processing and card got a pending charge as of 10/30 .
plot twist he dresses in desert robes and runs around darkscape with wrath on
i like the palettes too faced natural eye and chocolate bar palette
was average did n't do amazing things to my lashes or hold a curl
i mean ww already put in his time you do n't just lose all your skill if you do n't play for a month or two .
acc and aim you lose way slower than speed as well .
yeah i like early game in viking conquest cos lots of juicy sized bandits but native in khergit where there are so many nomad bandits what a pain .
i wanted yuna/rinoa/vivi simply because i love their characters .
i rolled 4 times so far zidane wol squall aemo .
not sure if i should keep going and push my luck 2/4 gold is really nice in my books .
imagine having messi on the bench ... coming on in the second half with real madrid players half tired .
you can directly tell him that you like him and feel like you might have bothered him by acting flirty if you want .
the worst that 'll happen is that he 'll say he 's not interested .
i have run ow and assisted in running dw before .
i 've been in one long term ow game .
the real problem is that they are niche games .
this means they attract only people with certain preconceived notions about the type of game they are going to play .
a lot of people love 40k but very few people actually know what it means enough to play it properly let alone gm it .
you probably get about one competent/dedicated gm for every five incompetent/lazy gm 's .
good players that are going show up not troll not have shit headsets and/or wo n't interrupt other players/the gm constantly are also pretty rare .
i personally wo n't run ow very often because it 's a combat based game .
honestly the game runs kinda slow and the rules are a little unclear here and there .
combat focused games can be fun but the rules do n't make it easy .
if you are playing it right you are on a battlemap almost the whole session .
this is fun with some other systems but ow is very deadly so you do n't have that hit point sponge that pathfinder has .
the 'all guardsman party ' guy does stuff that makes his games go faster and has a few house rules which explains how he manages to run it .
it took me a long time to make this stuff
i absolutely will never ever run dw because its rules are a nightmare of complexity that has no place in tabletop roleplaying .
if you honestly play dw with all the rules .
that game though wonderfully produced is a total mess .
i live in the gas light district in clifton .
i also work in it network engineer and have had little trouble finding work around here .
cincinnati is certainly on the upswing really impressed with how the city has changed over the last ten years or so .
seems like a natural reaction because that definitely felt like a parent scolding their kid speech by cruise .
the map in the workshop is a test map this is the official release
this video https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=5nyck1apafs possibly the most intense match i ever played and the commentary is great .
one of the most consistently intriguing shows of the season .
mulder talks to scully on the phone the whole episode while she gives her dog a bath cleans her gun eats ice cream et cetera .
then mulder falls in love with the roach scientist lady who tells him that ufo are just electrified bugs .
a lot of german and austrian citizens are n't ethnically german .
the problem might be how fast the change came for that village .
i have unlimited data so at t wo n't let me turn my phone into a hot spot .
i love my car being a hot spot i park in the carport and go inside and use my wifi .
cavs fan here who also enjoys watching the rockets play from time to time as they are my favorite team in the west unfortunately i was n't able to watch any of the rockets game this year just wanted to ask whats wrong ?
is it ty lawson being a bad fit so far ?
lithuanian here former soviet state member of eu and nato now .
first of majority of block houses many are buily in 60s-70s and majority of people still live in those .
then the heatlhcare system which is actually very good .
lithuanians would hate me for this but lithuanians due to shared past are basically like russians just speak lithuanian .
in a lot of places soviet union still goes on .
i worked in a comunnal company and while i was sent to a quarry i felt like in 80s soviet movie .
in the gass station there the fuel indicator is still clock shaped .
yesterday went 7-1 in a round with 5 kills being 1 on 3 because of enemy revives haha .
got a video recorded too i do n't really see the fuss with the extended revive timer i can post the video here if you want to see it .
the offense has to be tailored to get kobe into the mid post instead of deep out on the perimeter .
i wo n't agree to your second point though nick young 's shot selection has been surprisingly good and lou generally is n't heaving shots that are too heavily contested though he has definitely taken some looks too early into the offense .
neither have been as bad as kobe 's though in the first 2 games in particular although his stroke was off in game 3 i thought at least his shots were slightly better looks .
you are stating that tfc is decent which is what i am questioning .
dude you 're 40 people are gon na make fun of you for the rest of your life .
i 'd say 96 of straight women the same number that matches up to the data and statistics out there do not want to date short men or go after them .
these women want tall men and i used to be considered that up until after high school .
now i 'm in the beta '' level of men according to people .
every girl i 've seen online says how she 's into tall men in the us here that 's 185 cm and above .
i 'm two inches away from not being a fucking manlet and i hate it .
it 's better to not deal with those women anyway . ''
except being alone for life is way worse. as i said i 'd have to settle for someone i had no interest in and hope she 's overlooks my flaws and un-masculine '' physical features like my height just to stand a chance .
and i do n't want that nor is it fair to the other female .
me finding a woman so terrible she settles for me and i her is n't what i can live with .
i tried settling before and it has no long term sustainability .
do you want to be with people who like you for your height rather than your personality ?
i really do n't like being someone 's consolation prize . ''
yeah he 's a nice guy but i 'm physically repulsed by him and he 's the same size as i am !
guess i might as well pretend to like him anyway ! '' i do n't want that and i also do n't want to be like that towards someone just because it 'd be better than being alone .
are you just around people who beat into your head that your body is the only thing that matters ?
i do n't agree with their mindset at all .
if there 's no physical attraction to someone then there can be no relationship with them . ''
at worst you 're called every insult in the book and laughed at for being inferior/manlet/unattractive or whatever the case may be and even attempting to try to spark up a date or relationship .
lots of people wo n't even give you the time of day if you 're not attractive to them .
i learned most people look for sexy/good-looking people and try to build their relationship wants and personality ideals around that .
i think they say you can teach him how to be a better man but you ca n't teach him how to not be ugly . ''
i 've given up on trying to go after women because as i said i 'm physically undesirable and too short/not a man for most of them anyway .
i still think about it and dream about the type of girl i 'd want but as for it happening in reality ?
so i ca n't control what other people want but i would like to get over this issue for myself and no one else .
at least i can work on my own thoughts since i ca n't control others ' .
learning how to live with the shit i was given even if that shit has no use or value to it .
at least learning how to live with it is an improvement .
i 'm semjén leader of kdnp by the grace of god .
if i 'm not mistaken the wireless charging coil on the n6 is situation around the x '' in nexus .
because i love zed but i think he is not as good as some other midlaners in this meta
it 's been 1.5 weeks and in that time she 's been getting drunk letting guys talk down to her and feeling suicidal '' .
so ... ..after telling you she wanted a break from the relationship a switch gets flipped and all this mahem is going on in her life .
the mahem which is almost certainly made up/embelished manipulation material is her problem ... not yours .
how she chooses to behave is not your problem .
http vignette1.wikia.nocookie.net/uncyclopedia/images/4/4c/free_candy.jpg/revision/latest ? cb=20080307014824 that sounds pretty scary to me so i guess it qualifies for halloween ?
however the new feature in osx is full screen split view so you can have an entire desktop dedicated to one to two applications with no dock and no menubar yes you can do that manually now but if you like to have those there otherwise it 's a nice feature .
i bought aliens colonial shit from them and the key was just the preorder bonus dlc key .
they swapped it out 3 times and all the keys were for the dlc not the game and they would n't refund me .
direct2drive sold me a goat simulator key that was already redeemed also .
but i 've bought about 25 keys from kinguin and had 1 problem ever .
i used to be incredibly into the competitive and streamer scene of csgo .
flash forward a year or two and i 've lost all my eagerness to load up twitch or csgo and watch/play a match .
it was n't until very recently that i started betting on dreamhack that i 've started watching matches and putting my effort into competitive again .
as of now though i only have several cheap skins and one 20 dollar skin .
with a more manageable betting inventory i 'll be able to bet more often and more accurately .
i am well aware that loki doesnt bring alot to the team but as i am mainly a solo player asperger op ! .
i have the rhino frame as well so do you have any recommended build for loki on making him more capable to contribute to the team and do you have a good rhino build ?
then after your publicity tour leave the us to go to a prestigious school in raccoonistan .
i have to do this nearly every update but it only takes a minute or two
he was going to get stomped by life no matter what he did so i understand his reason for focusing on lotv .
it 's just poor pr on his part if he 'd just said i tried my best but today just was n't my day '' he 'd have 100s of new fans and be in a great place to start next season instead he lets his ego get in the way and ends up looking like a jackass .
sooo ... no way im getting to that level or those unis in the next 2-3 days p
curious how many tokens do you get on hard ?
ive noticed you get more from normal than easy so im assuming hard has even more .
yeah i have no idea what i want to be and i 'm honestly not sure about the major .
i may talk to a counselor to figure it out .
go to realtor.com and you can search rental houses .
i watched someone drunkingly throw 5g in a campfire on vacation .
i 've heard that it takes forever to ship games and that you never get the games on the top of your queue
roger waters doing the wall show in the amsterdam arena look up the vennue it 's a big reverb chamber had fantastic sound for an arena concert .
but he also had some kind of acoustic treatment done to the roof using curtains and it was n't deafening loud .
thank you for letting me know i may just scoop up a used disc til the expansion drops .
0 5 on 5 goals defensive turn overs leading to goals against and giving up a shg is not fantastic hockey .
maybe the bounces were n't all going our way but that does n't excuse horrible defensive lapses .
good teams find a way to score even if the bounces are n't going in .
and good teams certainly do n't get out worked by a team who played last night .
the hbs is literally not worth the paper it is written on .
homebuyers surveys are literally a moron walking around a house and shoving a damp meter in a wall and taking a cursory glance .
they can give a quick overview of the property condition but they 're such a weird mix of being overly cautious and vague as to do little more than spook buyers .
they certainly have no understanding of how to do a damp survey or how to tell the difference between active/historical timber infestations i have no idea how you qualify to carry out an hbs but i suspect all you need is eyes and a clipboard .
eyes may be optional as i regularly see them reporting on things that do n't exist and missing glaringly obvious issues .
not looking for that at all but something smaller would be nice
i 'm sure some wondered but most people got the joke .
i left the boston area 5 years ago and the uniform is nonexistent where i live now .
a few weeks ago i stopped at the wheelhouse diner in quincy for a 1 a.m. breakfast and i was the only male there not in a track suit .
did n't really get anywhere strongman-related but i won an armwrestling competition .
at home i do n't really give a shit but at work switching over could be catastrophic .
half of r/bindingofisaac is pissed off because save importing is broken some bosses crash the game and content is supposedly missing and will supposedly be released later .
i 'd never intentionally try to be an ass .
i though all the smaller squares each represented a single fallout 4 map phew !
what everyone is forgetting is that this is on console and it still looks like a fallout game the amount of new gameplay and game mechanics have me so excited .
people are saying that battlefront looks better we 'll sure battlefront looks better than the witcher and mgsv but that 's literally all it had over the other two .
the gaming community wants to see graphics to determine a games quality .
ghost lynx is more than a poor man 's repulsor beast because it can target your own minions .
this can have very beneficial effects and given its versatility and lower cost to the repulsor beast it has potential to see play .
not sure why everyone hates on it so much .
locust is another story as its a higher risk/reward that can easily be dealt with in 1 aoe even after its been replicated a few times .
baring ghost lightning any aoe can take them out .
it would be different it if held/carried over buffs to its replicated betheren .
i do want to keep mine for a fun factor but it doesnt seem too worthwhile .
windrunner and mogwai could see play for specific decks but arent really going to see wide spread use .
well up to you if you want to get it .
when i do get into a game i do pretty well but there 's only a game full of people playing at any time .
but that 's not true at all you are n't actually providing any sort of evidence for these claims .
what has that got to do with influence and impact on a genre ?
sales figures do n't really mean anything.. eminem is my favourite artist of any medium of all time but i 'm not naive enough to think that being white in hip-hop did n't play a part in that .
he 's one of if not the most talented lyricists of the genre ever but that does n't cut it any more .
each em project sounds completely distinct and unique to the era we are living in .
you are n't actually providing any sort of evidence for these claims .
and at the airport they check all through my bag
his older stuff is lyrically impressive and focuses on hot topics in the news and media too it actually has a wider message than em 's more personal rhymes .
we invested in that it 's like we got merrill lynched
and we been hangin from the same tree ever since
the roc stand tall and you would never believe it
take your diamonds and throw 'em up like you bulimic
i dropped my new shit it sound like the best of
i went to the malls and i balled too hard
i like kanye because like eminem he 'll rhyme words with other words that on paper should in no way shape or form go together but he makes it work .
yeah idk if we 're including ziost or not .
in sor the only real difference would be the side quest you get the one with the machines that 's scan you as a warrior .
there 's also an extra dialogue with the crazed imperial gaurd because you can mention being the emperors wrath and wanting to help .
on ziost it 's hype because you keep mentioning to people how the emperor is your responsibility and vitiate will tell you that you 're special because you 're his wrath and stuff .
vlad is a good option but that enlighten is too nice to have for now .
i 'd take wg to 8/8 as soon as you have the fame too .
stone skin does the exact same thing as tenacity but does a better job this is the case everywhere except for sk
sorry i put that badly the €100 is the cost to the health service of taking your blood .
i have several friends including myself who are supernatural and doktor who fans .
i have evening classes monday-thursday and so its easy for me to stick to my 1500 calories .
however i keep going over on fridays saturdays and sundays .
it 's almost like i waste my weekends concentrating on food and trying not to overeat .
i do n't restrict anything iifym so i do n't think its cravings .
anyone who second-guesses that decision is relying on hindsight .
harvey was literally lights-out the entire game there was no reason to think he could n't close it out .
i know people say that but are we sure that is n't just an emotional response versus a logical one based on actual evidence .
i do n't dig through pitcher stats but i 'd be curious with harvey 's numbers as the count goes higher and then the royals offense later in games .
i played much of the day on halloween but i do n't think i got the bonus coins .
well i hate to say they had it coming since we do n't know for sure yet but if this was n't a terrorist attack they should consider themselves miraculously lucky that nobody has pulled one off there yet .
really dislike it when the pr writes quotes for the drivers or other personnel and mclaren have been utterly ridiculous with some that they put out .
i ca n't see taric staying as a mobile armour aura .
thanks i 'll start to partake in this fitness test by shoving my unprotected dick in other dudes ' asses from tomorrow .
the ones who do n't die of aids win .
btw if the age difference is 4 years it looks like stautory rape would be a possibility .
it was new in 2006 but i 'm not sure if it was a 2006 model it could have been 2005 or maybe even 2004. it 's a 3 bedroom best buy homes model .
it 's in very good shape other than having some pipe freezing problems in the winter we tried different things like more insulation or heat tape on the pipes but eventually we got some panels for the skirting that have ventilation holes in them i forget what they 're specifically called or do but somehow that has prevented the pipes from freezing since we installed them .
we do n't even plug the heat tape in anymore in winter .
thats the message ive got when it wouldnt let me upload .
is it just me or is the grammar and consistency of this passage just abysmal ?
this was me i honestly could n't take it and switched to formula .
i felt guilty because i only got two months of breast milk into her but she 's fine and very healthy and i do n't want to cry constantly .
i will agree a part of it is like ...
i went through so much to save her over the whole game ... it just felt ... wasteful to not save her in a way .
but then it 's clear which ending we were supposed to do .
if you 're cold there are countermeasures jackets sweaters snow pants etc .
if you 're hot besides maybe taking your shirt off there is n't much you can do .
i think trollxporn is for erotica as well and who says it ca n't be based on true events !
my jupiter is in virgo and i think he 's exactly where he needs to be because i 'm unorganized on a pretty existential level .
but having that cancer jupiter does sound like it 'd be pretty nice my interpretation is be nice and nurture people and get lucky '' sounds simple and awesome .
if you hesitate to get to the door the game goes into green freeze .
in persian and turkish the percent sign precedes rather than follows the number .
in persian the slash sign is the equivalent for the decimal point in english and other latin-based languages .
that the percent sign has evolved in this language from condensation of 0/0 to .
hence 0/01 0.01 has evolved to 1 or one percent .
it 's the same as if i put a map to where i buried some cash on a cd .
nope ... she just broke out the english accent from time to time ...
so you are saying that eating watermelon and chicken is savage and poor ?
i 'm telling that other people make that connection .
also us racism is nothing compared to the rest of the world .
we have only been a country 230ish years and have been fighting for equality since the beginning and doing a damn fine job compared to other countries .
the u.s. also has the largest incarceration rate of every country in the world and the majority of the prisoners are african-american even though they only make up less than 15 of our country .
america is great in a lot of ways for social change but we still have a racist problem in our country .
one of the things that we do do a fine job of is calling out bullshit excuses for racist behavior .
saying fried chicken is n't bad it ca n't be racist '' only makes it easier for someone else to think of course black people are savages just look at them '' .
at least in theory i love the ultimate change .
i never found valor to be a strong duelist anyway unless fighting adc 's and i thought the roaming potential was the strongest part of the ult .
that said i do have to agree that her kit does seem pretty bland on paper and she does n't seem to be very strong in lane anymore correct me if i 'm wrong .
my suggestion remove skystrike and reward her for proc'ing harrier multiple times in a short window of time .
maybe the w buff can stack or just do added damage for each subsequent harrier proc .
google streams 1080p video to hundreds of millions every day .
if they have the customers they can scale to handle it .
there might be some drivers from the previous xps that work with the late 2015 version .
i will try to run w7 on a xps 13 when it arrives .
markov chain monte carlo is not an algorithm it 's a set of algorithms who produces markov chains in order to approximate the distributions .
by the way there 's also some algorithms who approximate the distributions without markov chains.like sequential monte carlo
now i have this stupid bag for the rest of my life !
all i wanted to do was put food in it once and then get more the next time ! ''
the people voting with us are in their 70s and 80s
probably because they do n't have to work anymore .
i went with a tad more endurance and a little less charisma though .
no need to pacify everything if you 're going to kill all the things d
how small is your working vocabulary that this stood out as abnormal language ?
i read somewhere that many of ann coulter 's views regarding feminism more so what feminism has turned into echo paglia 's views .
although paglia 's a liberal some of her insight is extremely interesting .
i decided to google her name and this came up http www.salon.com/2015/07/29/camille_paglia_takes_on_jon_stewart_trump_sanders_liberals_think_of_themselves_as_very_open_minded_but_that e2 80 99s_simply_not_true typically i do n't click salon links but this just seems to be a transcript of one of her interviews so thankfully there 's none of salon 's journalism ''
the real problem is a lack of knowledge of religion as well as a lack of respect for religion .
i find it completely hypocritical for people in academe or the media to demand understanding of muslim beliefs and yet be so derisive and dismissive of the devout christian beliefs of southern conservatives . ''
her views on jon stewart are also pretty interesting stating i think stewart 's show demonstrated the decline and vacuity of contemporary comedy .
i can not stand that smug snarky superior tone .
i hated the fact that young people were getting their news through that filter of sophomoric snark ... . as for his influence if he helped produce the hackneyed polarization of moral liberals versus evil conservatives then he 's partly at fault for the political stalemate in the united states . ''
there is no need to air this outside of the government subreddit .
then you have freya hel and soon sol to worry about
because they are telling the media in advance so they can join in .
a brief question-and-answer session will take place during the event with media on site and by phone .
members of the public also can ask questions during the briefing on social media using asknasa .
to participate in the briefing by phone media must email their name media affiliation and phone number to laurie cantillo at laura.l.cantillo nasa.gov by noon est on thursday .
la la la la la la la not reading it la la la la la
i would n't put to much thought into it .
your getting downvoted cause your popular and some people like to strike out at the popular cause it makes them feel big .
you two always make it to the front page and are some of the few sexualizeme that i always check for their post each day
if you do n't have a degree you need to work on your pedigree i.e .
get a github account and start pushing projects demonstrating real-world in-demand programming .
for instance make a mobile app that connects to a restful service .
once you 've built up your repos enough you should n't have too much trouble getting a job .
we 've missed our two best players for most of the season and have a tougher schedule .
i actually like marshall but your comment just ticked me off a little bit sorry .
i want to like kale but kale does horrific you need to keep a five mile radius away '' like things to me .
so i buddied up with mustard greens instead and am perfectly happy .
my wife would like to know why the same girl keeps getting the ball .
i wear the same bengals plaid pj pants and the same retro bengals t for every game .
i was watching the seattle game in jeans until the 4th quarter when my wife told me to change into my lucky '' bengals pants .
looks like everyone in the map got the bladed breastplate box so i think it is guaranteed .
basically you have to find a vb night time map going for t4 it requires some coordination and join it to get participation .
looks like daytime tier 4 only has a chance '' of dropping it while night time looks guaranteed .
we 've seen the vault-tec guy talk at e3 and his lips looked fine then .
yeah that 's true but maybe he 's just holding it in or since he is drunk maybe he does n't feel it .
i think they mean that the fossils are in private collections and ca n't be studied by the greater community or something to that effect .
shannon is the most appropriately dressed housewife ever at this reunion .
rice pudding and ice cream mix together like cock and daddy issues .
that 's his i could totally ruin your day but i 'm not sure if i want to '' face
i 'm inclined to say my last year of high school because my whole life was about theatre and i loved every moment but i was in a pretty unhealthy relationship for the first bit of it and i did n't meet my now boyfriend until just after that year .
if i could relive anything at all it would be this past summer .
doublelift is n't really throwing around meme status phrases like donezo '' though also doublelift is n't ranting for over a dozen pages he 's just saying a few sentences on a few topics on stream .
yeah it 's in high point n.c. not far from me
another 4 days and you 're two weeks into it !
right now i 've set myself up to do a week first or even judt get past day 1 then start building bigger goals
pain during sex could be a medical condition such as an ovarian cyst or endometriosis or a number of other things .
go see your doc to rule out any of these things .
if it 's nothing medical try different positions until you find a way it does n't hurt .
nervousness/anxiety can be caused by a lot of things .
maybe try extra relaxing foreplay such as a back rub or foot rub or have him brush your hair to help release these nerves before things really get going .
it sounds like perhaps a little performance anxiety like there 's a feeling of if i do n't orgasm he 'll feel bad . ''
that kind of pressure to perform makes it difficult to relax and really let go which is necessary for orgasm .
my guess is he 'll try to help you relax any way he can and the reassurance that he wants you to enjoy yourself not for his sake but for yours may make it easier to relax .
you would also be giving cancer to people who are often in your field of view .
hearing the video a couple of times i think he put together the two words in a rush way and that is why it sounds like l'apoyo as im-a-new pointed out below .
this word is actually very tricky for non-native speakers .
it can be a noun or a verb with the only difference being the accent
i 'm a server and whenever i 'm on the schedule to do takeout my hourly wage does n't change .
so i 'm still only getting paid in the tips i make for doing to-go .
i do n't even know if that was improved .
it just looks like it the way they seemed to genuinely be caught off guard by his comment .
goes to show that when a man wants a replacement penis he 'd prefer a large size over something that 's average .
a lot of mmo players like myself started back during daoc and wow vanilla where cut scenes were never there .
with that said i believe cut scenes take away the openness of mmo 's and do n't have their place there .
i do enjoy cut scenes in single player games though .
honestly i 've always disliked zion and i 'm saying this independant of this topic .
i just choose to bring it up now because everyone read the title and are on the anti-zion circlejerk train .
he 's really overrated aswell never understood the hype around him .
just move your mouse around and achieve about the same result as the old peacemaker .
honestly they should just gut current peacemaker and give mesa something more interactive and fun .
i started a great thread on this exact topic a few days ago .
i wish i had printed it out to hand to people behind me last night so they 'd get the point .
i was being seriously dumb i got epic fetus as the lost at least 4-5 times and just tried to play did n't even think of the infinite shop reroll
i have a 78 disc of my so 's mother and her grandfather singing a song .
there 's a small bump looking into making a digital transfer .
awesome now you can just sit around all day for the rest of the month !
i think he 'll get better with time and when new characters pop up .
batman outnumber 's spiderman so much he has to win also ben affleck and christian bale wold probably be able to take all the spidermen alone p
why not get someone else to buy the game for you and pay them in usd ?
i wish there was some kind of system in place so that we can get rid of unwanted content and boost the visibility of content we really want to see .
1 bhopal because i live here and this city is the exact center of india .
2 mughal empire/india the oldest surviving civilization on earth and until 1803 the overall richest empire and economy in the world and never surpassed .
mughals were the defining indian empire for past few centuries but declined in 18th century a bloody century long civil war was fought they broke up into pieces and were barbarically overrun by the invading british who looted and pillaged india in the most gross ways imaginable and introduced the concept of poverty there before burning and destroying enormous architecture art documents and writings and committed general cultural genocide .
the story of last indian emperor is a really sad one the british beheaded his sons in front of him and imprisoned him in poor living conditions like a common thief and denied him even burial rights or a proper funeral and desecrated his supposed grave .
now their former governors are british vassals like the various rajputs or hyderabad .
but none of them carry the prestigious title of the indian emperor or hold the formerly grand imperial capital city of delhi .
this is the faction of choice for restoring india or forming any empire in southern asia .
it is named 'moghulistan ' incorrect name devs never corrected it in the game and in a few mods it is already a nation and controls just a tiny fraction of their formerly giant empire the old imperial capital of delhi as in history where they were reduced to british puppets and saw destruction of their empire with their own eyes .
i play them because who does n't love his own country .
3 punjab/sikh empire the last independent state of india born from warfare situated in former mughal province of punjab .
run by one of the last great imperial military commanders of india ranjit singh who is depicted as a general in 1836 punjab their empire modernized and flourished in the smoldering ruins of mughal empire before it began to weaken itself after ranjit singh 's death and then the british attacked and overtook them on the excuse of mediation in internal conflicts for throne .
4 chinese empire well it is the qing dynasty .
after india/mughal empire this is the last of the nearly unchanged great 'ancient ' civilizations remaining in the vicky timeframe .
also because it was the second largest economy on earth after india and took the lead once india declined .
it is filthy rich and has giant artisan communities and alongside india it is also the most powerful nation in the game when westernized and reunited .
prussia can be the most powerful european state and brazil can overtake usa easily with a few right policies .
i am not good at colonizing game but sometimes france usa and russia can be enjoyable too .
remember its what they interpret as legal '' sales and when they do pick you up in oregon or colorado then promises on cnn do n't amount to anything .
the guy you 're replying to is a ref for the sport .
hoping to see peppers continue racking up sacks 5.5 for the old man this year
still ca n't believe we have all these guys .
a potentially more productive way of approaching this might be while relationships are indeed correlated with longevity it would be wrong to conclude that a relationship will lead to longevity what up phil hartman !
or pursue relationships based on benefits secondary to emotional fulfillment .
i have n't read op 's post history and do n't plan to i charge extra for that though i never object to fellow redditors exploring fitness or new pursuits .
this does n't fit the az narrative can it be spun into a negative ?
twilight learned about astronoauts in the human world brought back this information to her world and now rainbow thinks astronauts are awesome .
i loved the video but her logic seemed flawed .
completely surprised this is only the 2nd time manning and rodgers are facing each other .
they show this movie on abc or what ever the fuck channel it is where you watch christmas specials and shit f
tbs i think i do n't fucking know kids watch tv .
kids no who the fuck bettle juice indy and edward are
biggest difference from our hot start last year compared to this year is we 're actually scoring on open looks and quick ball movement .
in a season where we 're told we 're going to be among the worst offense it 's amazing to see the guys still have some chemistry while still playing great defense .
i 'm in san diego so over 500 u get bells and whistles .
i think i forgot to mention that i 'm running the programmes on my now fixed laptop but it still says i 'm on a trial that will run out in 28 days
are we talking a little slap here or knuckle punch ?
there is also a product called the mini nifty drive .
i have one that i used on my macbook air .
the difference is that it 's made of a metal very similar to the macbook 's aluminum and it takes micro sd cards making it way more affordable then the transcend jet drive .
unfortunately i have surface pro 4 and not a sb so i ca n't test it .
i feel like when you 're that thirsty you 've been fantasizing about water long enough that it just tastes amazing .
like how when you 've been craving a food for a while it loses the novelty after the first few bites .
no one really takes him serious ... ..i 've never hear people cite or even bring him albeit i only use twitch
'they were clueless—absolutely clueless and wasting billions of dollars .
we actually now know what the project is costing and we know what the alternatives are and the facts are that if we were to proceed with the labor party 's alternative it would take six to eight years longer and cost up to 30 billion more . '
and we can finally get some traction on ending the mtm shambles .
that was possibly the best 16 minutes i 've had in the past month .
also kinda disappointed that the sleeping scene was n't included maybe it will come into play later .
rookie wr 's are usually trash coming into the nfl unless you are amari cooper/obj .
he should be a good enough replacement for maclin at 1/10th the cost .
but yeah the murray move was pretty questionable but he 's not horrible so we can ride that experiment out .
tends to only happen when the other team is well and truly dicked and/or winning in the 4th in a final .
i went topax and can confirm a lot neckbeards galore .
i also will say that i just bought one to wear to horse racing on the next saturday my self
you 're going to argue that about vucevic and not pau/love ?
i would agree that he 's a poor defensive player but his offensive consistency compared to most of the other bigs in the east make up for it .
it 's not like whiteside is going to average 25/15 when he 's not matched up against 6'8 guys like harrell .
her new design is also at steven 's taste .
in a way she looks more like the samurais that steven adores .
i am no professional dream interpreter but from what i understand the things your brain shows you are more representative than literal most of the time .
i base that only on my personal experience and reading other people 's dreams .
that said the feeling of helplessness and violation you might have felt in the dream is not that far removed from the feeling one might have when in checked into a hospital strangers coming by to poke and prod you inject you with things all while you may be unable to resist even if you wanted to due to medicine or physical weakness from surgery for example .
your hospitalization and your nightmares might be related through that helplessness and sense of being handled by others .
edit it 's also worth mentioning that certain medications can influence dreams in terms of intensity frequency and even content .
if you were hospitalized recently or are still taking medications they could be responsible .
i 'm glad my rookie year on r/dodgers had such an impact ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°
i have a l96 fully upgraded sniper that i would be willing to trade
kobe x elites rose golds and ds jordan 13 grey toes .
both i 'm glad to have but realized i could 've used it on better things .
when i watched that movie i was mad that they actually used film and wasted said film to put this movie on their
most of the stuff on daft punk 's discovery album .
except my ping is usually low but ill get lag spikes im with bell .
psyonix pls us canadians want to enjoy the game just as much as everyone else .
eeh first time i did that was the halloween rem .
happened to be up so i rolled first thing got two fairy tale girls .
take it as you will but small sample sizes are small .
you think electronic music is inferior '' just because the way it 's performed does n't require physical exertion ?
if you 're butthurt because a new technology lowered the barrier of entry to your artistic circlejerk i feel for you man .
just clench your sphincter harder next time you hear levels on the radio .
those front brakes alone are worth around 1100 brand new so this could be a great purchase baring the chassis is n't absolutely wrecked when you look at it in person .
some are more careful than others about checking their facts before publication .
some are more driven by profit-motive or political bias than others .
treating them as all the same is lazy and mostly pointless
simmons is the first one to recognize his opinions are regularly way off .
and there 's nothing like rapid fire hindsight 3 games in the season criticizing draft choices .
the term often contrasted with that of leading actor is somewhat abstract and open to interpretation in a general sense all actors can be considered as character actors since they all play characters '' but the usual sense is an actor who plays a distinctive and important supporting role .
sometimes it describes an actor who plays characters who are very different from themselves while in another sense it describes an actor who specializes in minor roles .
in my experience they do n't necessarily make you tighter by exercising with them instead they make you more aware of your vaginal muscles and allow you to control their contracting during sex .
my boyfriend loves it and i think it 's fun so i 'd say yes it 's very worth it .
i think you can see a slight change in the philosophy at the end .
he is not leaving it to chance like he would have if he was 100 into the whole peace thing .
keep niese in the bullpen he thrives off the adrenaline .
grab a copy of clonezilla and a second 1tb or larger drive .
plug both in boot from the disk and use the expert options to continue through the errors it 's going to have .
p p mp yes which has inherited the x-bar tradition .
it 's still an excellent intro into the current theory however which is why it 's so prevalent in textbooks .
many of the ideas are recast or reinterpreted in the mp framework but it 's not as if the entire theory was scrapped and syntacticians started from scratch .
on the contrary it 's built up atop x-bar in a real historical way even if some of the underlying assumptions have changed .
hpsg lfg ccg tags these are alternative generative though non-transformational syntactic frameworks .
where they include non-syntactic topics it 's usually just semantics in that for instance the syntactic and semantic information is wrapped up in one structure hpsg or in that the syntax and semantics are one and the same ccg .
ah yes you 're right the price for admission should be a majority even if that simply results in a plurality in the general .
that particular a8 is generally found in laptops it 's a 15w tdp cpu hence the really low clock speed .
i 'm kind of surprised to see a desktop with it and i 'm not sure i would suggest it for an everyday cpu unless low power consumption is what you 're going for .
if you compare that a6 which is a 45ish cpu to a standard desktop a8 the a8 will blow it away .
when you compare it to the low power notebook version it 's a little more even .
http www.cpubenchmark.net/compare.php ? cmp 1960 cmp 2266 the overall score is fairly even with the a8 winning by a little but if you look at the single thread score the a6 wins by a large margin .
this does n't take into account the integrated graphics .
personally i would n't buy a desktop with that a8 in it unless you 're going for a low power htpc or something .
a more appropriate desktop a8 would be the a8-7670k which is much better than the a6 but about twice the price .
a friend of mine summed up my feelings regarding the next year '' attitude accurately
you have a fanbase who simply does not trust the ownership to spend what is necessary to get this team back .
it 's not just losing this series right now there 's a fear that a once in a decade window just slammed shut.
i saw the eye of ra patterend accordingly on a ceiling once .
i double took it 3 times to make sure i was n't just tripping out '' but it was there .
if i 'm only getting the rgb leds for the bottom of the case and not the in-switch leds do i still need resistors ?
also the website refers to cherry '' and majestouch '' positioning for the caps lock and space bar cherry '' would be the stepped caps lock correct ?
you may spend your life shifting through comments i shall not .
there was an unusually large patch recently that did n't seem to match up with the corresponding patch notes .
my guild suspected that they were preloading assets to minimise the download required on the official release .
and they did a freaking poor job of letting that information out to the world .
also i 'm talking in more general terms for the whole season and league .
that was not done for regular season games on unimas .
and since you ca n't go down in rank you 're stuck with the terrible players who are n't at the rank they should be .
the merman begins to panic as you destroy chunk after chunk of his health .
he tries to fight sherman again and is able to destroy both omen and his fuurikazan armor .
it 's my favorite movie of all time and i agree with everything you said .
i used to take forever to get up and out .
i can still clean my personal space get dressed and ready in 5 minutes .
shrug i do skip coffee and food for that time though .
but if you mean which players are on which teams that is never affected once you start a ml .
players will then only move based upon transfers done within the context of your ml season by either your team or all the cpu teams .
if you wanted to use new rosters from konami you 'd have to start a new ml at that point .
outside of ml i believe any actual team rosters you have changed will be overwritten by the new data pack excluding the fictional user teams/leagues that pes provides but others might be able to verify this .
also the edits you have made to kits managers stadiums banners etc .
there was a problem with changes people had made to players appearances being lost in this update but that is supposed '' to be rectified for the next update whenever that happens .
what would it take to meet a woman as beautiful as you darling ?
because this got posted here like less than a minute after i posted it in r/boston .
a question for you my husband has a handicap and recently got a new brace that have changed the way his pants look .
he keeps telling me it does n't matter but i know he hates it .
for christmas i planned on taking him to a tailor and fixing every one of them .
you get spawn killed so damn easily on free for all and swat
for me it was also that i was never interested in sex just for sex .
if sex is important to you this might force you to approach the opposite sex .
i do n't know how other women feel but it seems to me that sex is more important to men .
russia had a constant 13 income tax for all citizens regardless of income .
similarly russia does not tax income that is earned and taxed outside of its borders .
or the movie was intended to be a live-action slapstick violence cartoon .
funnily enough the customisation and skill tree has been completely revamped .
in the previous games every level few levels you 'd be allowed a certain set of skill points to assign and a perk the perks were based off your skills and level meaning more would become available as you levelled up your skills .
in the beginning of the game you 're given an opportunity to set your special skills .
each of these do different things for example strength you hit harder and carry more/intelligence means you get more skill points each level .
in fallout 4 perks are now based on special and not skills .
i do n't entirely understand how it works but you 'll be able to level up your special over time throughout the game .
i have n't looked too much into it as i 'm going in fairly blind please no one correct me direct corrections to this guy .
so basically perks or the skill tree is influenced through special points .
those will level up in some manner with the possible inclusion of skills though they might have scrapped that .
additional note this means that from second one if you put 10 points into..
strength say you 'll be able to access what would have previously taken level 20 cap for 3 and all 100 skill points in a skill .
however if you do that you might miss out on putting points into another special area meaning you wo n't have access to those perks .
items are a bit different to skyrim in the sense they have a durability .
they 'll break over time and can be repaired/modded .
in fallout 4 they decided to go balls to the fucking walls and have allowed you to mod absolutely fucking anything with anything .
watch the e3 trailer for more info honestly this is the part that may overwhelm me .
in fallout 3 there were less than 10 creatable items in new vegas you could mod weapons .
now you can literally build your own guns so it 'll mean having to find combine and understand the system .
it 'll be fun but even to me that seems overwhelming .
like anything though you 'll get used to it and i can assure you it wo n't be dragon age/witcher confusing .
perhaps on the scale of borderlands or far cry .
i wonder if the problems with e d will plague this game too the infamous mile wide and inch deep issue .
i feel like the cpu constantly leap frogs you no matter what you do .
if you have 90 passing accuracy they will have 96 this has actually happened to me .
if you have 6 shots on target they have 8 .
i just do n't understand how you 're supposed to take advantage of the cpu .
i would think dignity is a scarce commodity in those uniforms .
despite popular belief apparently michelangelo had nothing to do with the design .
the current uniform was designed by commandant jules repond in 1914 .
i prefer when they have just the broadcast highlights .
for example 1 luck charges it at 1 point per kill while 10 luck charges it at 10 per kill note just a example
meanwhile fur leaf clover is a chance to instantly fll your crit meter .
so if you would need 50 per kill to get it are at 5 and get this it fills up fully .
you 're part of the reason this country ca n't have nice things .
i managed to take a screen cap though https 40.media.tumblr.com/21ecc9d51793e8e097d183649e7d21aa/tumblr_nx6bt79ssm1rdgpdvo1_540.png also that does n't rule out her last name .
stack overflow has a very specific q a format .
if you deviate from that they 're going to want to clean it up .
its just hard to see in that picture of ashley .
maybe i just have a hard time in school or at home and i try to rebel to cover up my insecurities .
you might be interested in listening to a kidney doctor discussing diabetes .
it 's an audio lecture very informative it 's a little heavy in the science but not to the point thwt you 'd have to be a doctor to understand it .
sorry my gf is doing sex with my coach ad i did n't want to tell on them becuase i did n't want to be kicked off the team .
well coach told me and then my bff kenny was acting werid with my gf and they went to denny 's .
that 's where my gf does sec stuff with coach .
how so i tell gf i 'm worried about her doing sex stuff eigh kenny ?
also i do i tell her i know this i know she slept with coach ?
because he was a psycho before he was saved .
edradour could be quite good if we got a sherried one .
their sherried whiskies are spectacular ... all of their other barrel types are less so .
i 'd like to read some stuff on the current affairs of the other covenant species .
i always thought that the zealous texas tech fan-disciples '' of coach leach were weird and maybe he had lost his mojo and endless supply of texas momma 's boys to recruit close to home .
now however i 'm afraid i 'm ... starting ... to ... see ... the ... liiiight .
i would be down for a reddit travel meet up if anyone else is .
a couple of days ago i asked for the best villain https www.reddit.com/r/anime/comments/3qun32/best_villain_and_why so today i 'm going to ask the opposite .
what character or characteristics does not make you take a villain seriously ?
i mean seriously if you 're going to s be an asshole to everyone including your servant act like the absolute messiah of the holy grail war sabotage and ambush me at every possible moment and then cry like a little bitch when i take your ass to the cleaners which was soooo satisfying by the way have a reason or at least some power backing up that shit for christ 's sake.
just thought you would like to know bernie will win iowa if we keep giving it everything we have. ! !
yes he is a 33 years old f/a but why not take a chance on signing him to be our 7th inning guy and move reed to the 8th if he does n't do good cut him but would he be a good f/a bullpen piece that we should take a chance on ? ?
need 1 more player for kings fall oryx cp today and right now 11/03/15 prefer that you are 307 plus light .
i have an r7 260x at the moment and will be getting black ops 3 soon .
it needs at least a single 290 or dual 260x .
i 'm debating between the r9 390 and gtx 970 .
the 970 has lower power consumption but has only about 3.5-4 gb vram whereas the 390 has 7.5-8 gb vram but is more power hungry .
this is an automatic summary original https www.washingtonpost.com/national/health-science/a-group-of-middle-aged-american-whites-is-dying-at-a-startling-rate/2015/11/02/47a63098-8172-11e5-8ba6-cec48b74b2a7_story.html reduced by 82 .
a large segment of white middle-aged americans has suffered a startling rise in its death rate since 1999 according to a review of statistics published monday that shows a sharp reversal in decades of progress toward longer lives .
the rising death rate was accompanied by an increase in the rate of illness the authors wrote in the proceedings of the national academy of sciences .
death rates for other developed nations examined by the two researchers as well as rates for u.s. blacks and hispanics continued their steady decline of recent decades .
while the death rate for african americans is still greater than the rate for whites the turnaround among whites is shocking because of the advantages they enjoy said david weir director of the health and retirement study at the institute for social research at the university of michigan .
just last week researchers reported that the u.s. death rate for all causes declined 43 percent between 1969 and 2013 from about 1,279 per 100,000 people to about 730 .
the rate of death caused by strokes heart disease and cancer all declined significantly researchers reported in the journal of the american medical association .
summary source http smmry.com/https www.washingtonpost.com/national/health-science/a-group-of-middle-aged-american-whites-is-dying-at-a-startling-rate/2015/11/02/47a63098-8172-11e5-8ba6-cec48b74b2a7_story.html faq http www.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot version 1.6 9264 summaries so far . ''
theory http www.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31bfht/theory_autotldr_concept feedback http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 23autotldr pms and comment replies are read by the bot admin constructive feedback is welcome . ''
top five keywords rate 1 death 2 report 3 people 4 age 5
post found in r/dataisbeautiful http np.reddit.com/r/dataisbeautiful/comments/3rbqxu/a_group_of_middleaged_whites_in_the_us_is_dying r/news http np.reddit.com/r/news/comments/3ra4gm/a_group_of_middleaged_whites_in_the_us_is_dying r/inthenews http np.reddit.com/r/inthenews/comments/3rch38/a_group_of_middleaged_whites_in_the_us_is_dying r/health http np.reddit.com/r/health/comments/3r9ou0/a_group_of_middleaged_whites_in_the_us_is_dying r/science http np.reddit.com/r/science/comments/3rbgrg/a_group_of_middleaged_whites_in_the_us_is_dying r/notyourmothersreddit http np.reddit.com/r/notyourmothersreddit/comments/3rchwz/a_group_of_middleaged_whites_in_the_us_is_dying r/demography http np.reddit.com/r/demography/comments/3rc4q9/a_group_of_middleaged_whites_in_the_us_is_dying and r/worldpolitics http np.reddit.com/r/worldpolitics/comments/3raq18/mortality_rate_for_white_men_and_women_ages_4554 .
notice this thread is for discussing the submission topic only .
do not discuss the concept of the autotldr http www.reddit.com/user/autotldr bot here .
what if team a rick daryl michonne glenn etc .
do you think any of them would have survived and ran off ?
now that i accepted that i must wait to the gameplay part i want to use my time to prepare myself as much as posible .
this is different now because we can count on the opinions of players who 've been 50 hours ingame already .
so what i have in mind is to watch gameplays and streamers to learn the maps and even some strategy/tactics .
also i 'd like to keep playing other fps to keep fresh my aim .
i wonder what beta-testers would recommend to us to do !
if you 're interested in the answers of this posts please upvote so we gave higher chances that beta-testers read this !
should i get alcohol anger certifications to bring to court on my 1st initial court date for my divorce ?
as far as i 've read there seems to be little information on how critical hits will work .
there will be a crit meter building up probably influenced by luck .
however i have n't found much on the buildup speed and variance whether you can crit outside of vats and if missed crits reset the meter .
i would like to know more when building my character .
2 weeks left until release so we 're crunching it all in the streams i guess .
no cotd earlier because lol japanese holidays are bizarre .
everyone is getting one card for their keyword a forerunner with that keyword and then a stride fusion it seems .
i 'll do one for the two clans then just give that one last card it 's own post i guess .
auto rc thunder strike 2 this ability is active if your opponent has two or more cards in their bind zone soul blast 1 when this unit boosts you may pay the cost .
if you do until end of that battle the boosted unit gets power 3000 and auto vc/rc counter blast 1 when this unit 's attack hits a vanguard you may pay the cost .
if you do your opponent chooses one of his or her rear-guards retires it and binds that card face up .
on the other hand how the hell are you going to bind 2 cards to trigger that thunderstrike without gb lol .
note sure if vanquisher.dek can actually fit anything more though .
act rc generation break 1 put this unit into your soul your opponent chooses a card from his or her drop zone binds it face up you choose up to one of your other units and until end of turn it gets cont vc/rc thunder strike 2 this ability is active if your opponent has two or more cards in their bind zone during your turn this unit gets power 5000 .
basically free bind for no power lost that turn .
or call it raigeki like the japanese people do because the clan 's name is japanese anyway .
stride stride step choose one or more cards with the sum of their grades being 3 or greater from your hand and discard them stride this card on your vc from face down .
act vc 1/turn choose a face down card named conquering supreme dragon dragonic vanquisher voltage '' '' from your g zone and turn it face up until end of turn this unit gets auto vc when this unit 's attack hits a vanguard your opponent chooses one of his or her rear-guards retires it you choose up to two cards from your opponent 's drop zone and bind them face up . ''
and cont vc generation break 3 during your turn all of the units in your front row get power 3000 for each card in your opponent 's bind zone '' .
still 40 chance to be better than kamu susanoo is still better than kamu susanoo by a long shot .
and then the aqf players that run chloris just shit on you .
at work i was in consideration for a promotion and i wanted it so much !
the male boss had several options and fortunately i was one of them but i was a man and my competitors were all females !
i was n't going to let those bitches use the advantage of their sex appeal to defeat me !
i started dressing differently at work and now i know that promotion will soon be mine !
i remember ccp stating they had no plans of removing it any time soon ...
edit if you open the new beta launcher i believe you lose the evefile.exe that you point isboxer to
first time playing paladin and went with a rapier/shield dex paladin .
was planning on multiclassing as warlock for 2 levels .
asked the dm if that was cool and he said yes but also mentioned the campaign would likely end by level 15 .
based on this i was going to continue to paladin 5 for the multiattack go for warlock 2 for the cantrips and hex then switch back to paladin until at least paladin 11 .
with the likelihood of only three asi not sure if i should max dex cha or grab a few extra feats .
what would you do it you were in my shoes ?
i have a 2007 honda civic si that i had a new clutch and fly wheel put in around august of this year .
i noticed yesterday that there is a lot or rumbling when i engaged in first and ca n't even idel with first engaged or the car starts to shake and it feels like i will stall .
once i get moving and into higher gears everything seems to run smooth however i noticed there isnt as much power as i am use to .
i would love to fix this myself but if not i will be taking it back to the shop that put in the new parts on thursday .
still wanted to get a sense of what i could be dealing with before i have them look at it .
currently ranked 2 with sea cin sf stl min and phi post bye .
i 'd love to hold them but hate to give up a bench spot .
a topic came up in my shop if you can get in trouble for posting opinions on facebook .
i 'm talking about minor things like this this paint sucks ! ''
i understand the regulation here http www.doncio.navy.mil/uploads/0823qhy58798.pdf but the only thing it really says is that if one where to say that then they have to say i speak for myself but ... ''
any insight on other regulations that talk about facebook posts ?
i 'm absolutely amazed with afterbirth but that new sound they added after you kill a boss might be my favorite thing .
ridiculon no matter how much praise they get i feel like they 're unappreciated .
the same fellow who stepped out to announce the contest sighs seeing so few entrants .
but people can be busy with their lives so it 's understandable .
it would n't stick with the spirit of this holiday though he never really celebrated it personally .
with a slight cough the pa system crackles to life .
well we have a few entrants so with this it 's up to the student body to choose a winner out of three .
there will be a box for you to write down and submit who you felt did the best with their outfits and after a few days we shall tally the votes and give the winner a small trophy to adorn their room !
a box is set up with sheets of paper and pens beside it and above it is the three costume submissions .
tommy two-shoes hilarious name submitted this https www.reddit.com/r/yamakuhighschool/comments/3r13x7/scene_auditorium_dim_lights which oddly enough seemed to explode in popularity .
chie ayamine submitted this simple yet effective ensemble http blue3clipse.deviantart.com/art/halloween-party-full-color-569050643 and hintata sureiya submitted this https www.reddit.com/r/yamakuhighschool/comments/3qyqsr/schoolwide_halloween_costume_contest/cwkqs6j for all of you to witness .
a trophy was on the line for one of these three to win and their fate was in the hands of their peers .
november 6th is the cut off date for votes .
found it on 2/4 cards plat and prg not on spg or costco .
discount is fairly nice and terms allow for gift cards .
i 'm not sure if there 's a resell market for airbnb gift cards but this could be a pretty useful redemption with the holidays coming up if you 've got a need to pay for lodging .
for a stay book by 12/31 and you will receive the credit even if the stay is after that date .
offer valid for approved bookings and gift cards purchased on airbnb.com and the airbnb mobile app.m offer valid for a single transaction of 100 or more made by 12/31/15 .
offer not valid for bookings made with gift cards .
offer valid for eligible domestic and international airbnb locations .
must add offer to eligible american express® card and use same card to redeem .
only us-issued american express cards are eligible for this offer .
limit 1 statement credit per american express card across all american express offer channels .
statement credit will appear on your billing statement within 90 days after 12/31/15 provided that american express receives information from the merchant about your qualifying purchase .
note that american express may not receive information about your qualifying purchase from the merchant until all items from your qualifying purchase have been provided by the merchant .
statement credit may be reversed if qualifying purchase is cancelled .
if american express does not receive information that identifies your transaction as qualifying for the offer you will not receive the statement credit .
for example your transaction will not qualify if it is not made directly with the merchant .
in addition in most cases you will not receive the statement credit if your transaction is made with an electronic wallet or through a third party or if the merchant uses a mobile or wireless card reader to process it .
by adding an offer to a card you agree that american express may send you communications about the offer .
edit according to u/hiplycynical the following message results if you try to claim a gc that you purchased you can not claim gift credit that you purchased . ''
so if you plan to buy yourself gift credit you might want to consider how to capture those funds yourself .
edit 2 maybe you can use your own gift cards https www.reddit.com/r/churning/comments/3rcl07/amex_offers_50_off_when_you_spend_100_at_airbnb/cwob42y
looks like you 'll want to use another persons account and then send them to yourself i.e. they do n't link '' ownership of the gift card based on credit card used but rather account
my roommate decided he wanted to move out the first of november and told me the 28th of october .
he sent me facebook messages telling me that due to his lack of notice he would pay his portion of november 's rent .
now he says he does not have to pay it as he was moved out .
as in maybe a short story or creation myth .
what have you for an introduction of your world ?
there was n't a thing until the creator was born which he was soon after the beginning .
in the time after the beginning there were few things little things .
some of those things can be remembered if one tries hard enough the others of course can not be .
and the ones that can be remembered are specks of white light that when looked at dissolve into shadow .
in the brightness of the universe the creator made the first beings from objects given to him by the unknown .
within a semicircle of seated nothings a number of people lived and played .
they named their council ye siina'n ebe or the school of play .
for some time these strange and wonderful beings played until the day of ultimate creation where they would be transported to a less material yet more living realm .
this realm lasted for only moments just enough for the real world to be made and the beings to have their memory erased and transported there as fresh bodies .
their personalities were shaped and altered and soon one could assume that the beings in siina'n ebe were no more the same .
only two of the people of siina'n ebe can be remembered and known to have entered our world .
some of the oldest beings in the universe born reborn and born again many times over the thousands of years of existance .
they do not know their last self and their last self would not know them .
but they live amongst us today as normal as any .
so i booted and the system had to clear some orphaned inodes .
i was just watching the toy box takeover intro again and i noticed that rex is one the the characters there and the only one who 's not a playable figure so i was thinking could he be an upcoming disney character ?
looking to buy a set of iem san jose premium tickets anybody have some extra for sale or do n't want theirs ?
or if you know somewhere i can buy them !
in which scenes do you consider one having superior soundtrack over the other or were equally good ?
trunks flashback about his future timeline while on the ship with krillin/bulma/gohan japanese
ssj goku remembers how baby gohan head butted the apple tree funimation
gohan turns ssj2 when android 16 's head explodes with the bird montage japanese
gohan turns ssj2 at the start of the following episode funimation
gohan ssj2 vs cell jrs from start to finish funimation
gohan ssj2 kills all the remaining cell jr funimation that electric guitar track
ssj goku flashback thinking about how gohan turned ssj 2 in the hyperbolic time chamber japanese .
goku 's sacrifice vs cell 's bomb too close to call both .
super perfect cell boosts about his ascension montage absorbing androids etc japanese
goku inspires gohan to fight cell with a kamehameha japanese
goku turns ssj2 vs fat buu in race to capsule corp '' funaimation
people of earth giving energy to goku 's spirit bomb japanese
it is a place where numerous planes intersect a place where many clans live and a place where a group of lords assemble .
the heavenly sovereigns appear one by one from the lower planes and they will all display a legend that others would desire as they pursue the road of being a ruler in this boundless world .
in the endless fire territory that the flame emperor controls thousands of fire blazes through the heavens .
inside the martial realm the power of the martial ancestor frightens the heaven and the earth .
at the west heaven temple the might of the emperor of a hundred battles is absolute .
in the northern desolate hill a place filled with thousands of graves the immortal owner rules the world .
a boy from the northern spiritual realm comes out riding on a nine netherworld bird as he charges into the brilliant and diverse world .
just who can rule over their destiny of their path on becoming a great ruler ?
in the great thousand world many strive to become a great ruler .
both years i have gone i have missed the concert .
linkin park played one year and im hoping that evanescence will play this upcoming year .
you might have a better but for me this one was the best starting hand i ever got guess who won that hand guys !
i poned one of the dragon and i was about to win with ether one of them for double waiting on the dragon pair but i am greedy so i was hoping to only pon and deal my other meld so i can form daisangen the guy to my left called riichi and i was like no just win with anything shou sangen is good for now the tiles i got after the guy just called riichi was my wining tiles in one of the dragons pair so i tsumo i wanted to kill my friend that night for calling riichi and scaring me like that lol it was haneman hand i forget the other yaku i got .
i am new to programming and of course to python .
most of the time i am experimenting with tkinter .
i found this beautiful code rotatable tetrahedron http code.activestate.com/recipes/578876-rotatable-tetrahedron and i am trying to understand it .
but i am really stuck at lines 85 line 86 in the online preview lines 99 100 in an editor .
as far as i can guess it is to get the radiants for the rotation functions somehow .
the lambda writting makes it also a bit too confusing for me .
maybe the champions of the rift are actually really cool down to earth people .
sona gets high with her roomie every day lux walks around in a thong ?
i 'd really prefer if you sent me a scene idea as well .
maybe the league fell and made every champion have to get day jobs ?
ashe works in an ice cream parlor janna works in hairstyling ahri is just a straight up escort ?
i like the idea of champions who no-one would expect to be sluts well .
samus aran-maybe people originally were half right-samus is half guy having a monster schlong ?
a few of my kinks incude the following anal play dirty talk casual nudity breastplay name calling cheating acting more in a room-mate fashion-smoking weed drinking beer just generally joking around public scissoring futa/herm only huge cocks cumplay impreg all cuddling and a strange one .
basically throughout sex a character having their phone out and taking slutty selfies '' and joking around .
im pretty stressed after work so this 'd be a nice change in pace .
did anyone else have an influx of cocoanut errors last night ?
i was playing with two friends and every other game on matchmaking we 'd be kicked .
luckily we did not get any losses and then on our 9th and final game we flew in to no enemies and scored a free win which took us flawless .
would love to see a cut-away or internal view of the wicking ..
hi i am dating a girl i meet on tinder for around 4-5 weeks now .
we have been on around 8-9 dates of various varieties .
i like her and she is fun to be with not bad in bed and not bad looking especially her body .
but i do n't have any great feelings for her .
however i would like to see her a few times a week for fun etc .
she seems to keep pushing for more of my time and to do more couple like things shopping together etc .
also talking about meeting her parents and going on holiday etc .
i kind of go along with it as i do n't want to hurt her .
i would n't be that bothered if she ended it as i have another girl i am seeing another fwb situation though .
i forgot o print the name of the shrine but i just got a abaxoth spawned in a act2 normal zone !
if someone else got aswell plz share the name of the shrine i was to scared when i saw him so i logged out .
any type of poison slows/overtime damage wo n't affect him .
flying units bug units and other dragon units will do half to him .
fire and fighting units will do twice the damage .
didnt play a long time played some matches atm and wondering if you can still get the sticker unlocks '' to buy them for like 80 cents etc ?
would love some new onces off the latest community series .
ok so i am thinking of swapping to intel right now i have an amd fx-8350 eight core 4ghz/gigabyte r9 390 and im wanting to get the 6600k/6600 havent decided if i want to oc yet so my question is.what motherboard/ram/cpu do you guys recommend im looking to buy off here http www.msy.com.au/viconline/234-pc-components but will use pccasegear if needed and will i have any fps issues with my r9 390 going with intel .
not sure if this is important but i will mainly be playing games like fallout/arma3/blackops3/ark
i am a multi-instrumentalist looking to start playing clarinet .
i have talked to a teacher in my area about choosing a clarinet to start with .
combined with some research i 've done here and elsewhere on the internet the consensus seems to be to start with a student level buffet or yamaha .
however from what i understand the bb and a clarinets have the same bore and mouthpiece size .
the bb sounds like having to transpose music will be a challenge in itself that you do n't have with the a clarinet .
also why are n't a clarinets popular for beginners ?
is there a good a clarinet that is cheap to begin with ?
i 'm a strings player so this is all so confusing .
to join add your gamertag to the game lobby here https www.the100.io/quick_join/rwt9fkxx88e https www.the100.io/quick_join/rwt9fkxx88e
or you can reply to me here on reddit .
i 'll send invites on a first come first serve basis .
you can also use the chat on the game lobby page to communicate with me .
as good as she 's supposed to be there 's no way she 'd fuck up like that .
i just got fallout nv and fallout 4 well i preordered it and i know nv is pretty darn different from 4 but i accidentally killed caesar mr house the bos i made myself an enemy and the ncr enemy and i 'm like six hours into the game .
is there still a chance for me to properly finish the game ?
also i 'm hated in all new vegas casinos and freeside .
in the first week i played des and and now i started a sin and i will be playing with my sin next cycle i made her look just like mitsuru kirijo from persona .
dont downvote if you disagree with someones opinion only if its offtopic .
dont dicsuss anything thats not related to shinmai maou no testament but compairing it to different anime is allowed .
this is not a thread to promote/hype unrelated anime so please dont .
edit to you who reported this thread no this was not posted on the wrong subreddit .
the majority of the sub agreed that we would re watch shinmai maou no testament .
i am playing for the first time this year and i am 6-2 !
in an 8 man standard league with some buddies from college .
considering forte 's injury and the general quagmire surrounding matthews and the jets offense i am wondering if i should make some changes or wait and see .
since i have a big division game this week i figured i would seek advice .
trading for gurley is an option but he wants freeman or a qb shady reed and forte .
my gut tells me this is a bad path to follow .
as i live down the street from the falcons ' stadium giving up freeman is not an option for me .
i am currently on verizon and would like to move to sprint without getting a new phone .
according to willmyphonework.net the verizon lg g4 will not get 4g on sprint and that is fine .
my questions is do i just pop in sprint sim and try to activate it on sprint ?
or is there a more involved mechanism for using the phone on sprint ?
title says it all just need someone that can play all the usual party classics !
vote for your choice for favorite in the comments below !
i 've always had my grapple bind as left shift and this gets a little annoying when trying to use shift to move items from my inventory to chests and vice versa .
is there a method of changing the bind for the inventory-to-chest function ?
so we always talk about who we want or what video game character we want but we never bring up indies .
now i know this is a touchy subject since they 're indies '' but nintendo even refers to them as nindies '' so what indie character do you think would actually have a shot in smash ?
i say shovel knight and https pixelpenreview.files.wordpress.com/2014/09/azure-striker-gunvolt-gunvolt.jpg the azure striker himself gunvolt .
no one talks about gunvolt but his game did well and it 's even on steam now .
i think he could have a shot on being in the roster his game plays similar to megamans game but he has the ability to control lightning which would make him unique .
i am fairly new to league so do n't hate for my pleb knowledge and questions but i have a few for mid specifically with veigar and ryze .
so i think i have the late game builds fairly well because my burst in the late game usually is very good but i 'm often finding myself trying to decide what i should build early game when talking about health ap cr etc .
i usually try to get more cr early rather than going straight for ap .
however this leads to a very mana hungry champion .
should i be stacking mana regen and ap early to stay in lane longer with less pots or stick to a mostly cr early game ?
there 's nothing better than mowing down a tank and half a warden with the saw .
just did my first sprint with my deluxe edition bmw e3 gtr and after the race it said i lost connection .
just wondering if anyone has had it happen more than once or even at all .
i 'd hate for this to be a thing .
hey just wondering if we can still buy credits with steam wallet cause i think i 'm gon na sell some of my csgo skins and i do n't want to sell them then have to rebuy them cause i cant buy credits ...
i play on a 27 '' 2560x1440 monitor and would rather increase font size a bit instead of decreasing resolution .
i have 20/20 vision but it strains the eyes at times .
this is an automatic summary original http www.theverge.com/2015/10/28/9625968/rating-system-on-demand-economy-uber-olive-garden reduced by 92 .
we rate for the routes drivers take for price fluctuations beyond their control for slow traffic for refusing to speed for talking too much or too little for failing to perform large tasks unrealistically quickly for the food being cold when they delivered it for telling us that no we can 039 t bring beer in the car and put our friend in the trunk really for any reason at all including subconscious biases about race or gender a proven problem on many crowdsourced platforms .
uber drivers are deactivated when their ratings fall below 4.6 but there 039 s no point at which customers are banned for ratings .
the dozen uber drivers i spoke with all of whom requested anonymity said they were skittish about whom they picked up not based on what their customer ratings were but on signs that they might give harsh ratings .
last week harvard law professor benjamin sachs pointed out that if uber is ruled an employer discrimination through customer ratings could put it in violation of title vii of the civil rights act something that would be just as true for every platform that runs on ratings .
quot we 039 re working for ratings but ratings have no value .
ratings serve only to prevent you from getting fired .
we 039 re scurrying like rats after these things with no value . ''
for his last gig he was called into handy the cleaning startup whose workers must maintain very high ratings or risk decreased pay and deactivation and which has been receiving harsh yelp ratings itself .
summary source http smmry.com/http www.theverge.com/2015/10/28/9625968/rating-system-on-demand-economy-uber-olive-garden faq http www.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot version 1.6 9198 summaries so far . ''
theory http www.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31bfht/theory_autotldr_concept feedback http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 23autotldr pms and comment replies are read by the bot admin constructive feedback is welcome . ''
top five keywords rate 1 customer 2 work 3 drive 4 uber 5
post found in r/parakeet http np.reddit.com/r/parakeet/comments/3rbjds/uber_ratings r/darkfuturology http np.reddit.com/r/darkfuturology/comments/3r7c3s/the_rating_game_how_uber_and_its_peers_turned_us r/tech http np.reddit.com/r/tech/comments/3quhq7/the_rating_game_how_uber_and_its_peers_turned_us r/truereddit http np.reddit.com/r/truereddit/comments/3quflv/the_rating_game_how_uber_and_its_peers_turned_us r/socialism http np.reddit.com/r/socialism/comments/3qybu7/the_rating_game r/lyft http np.reddit.com/r/lyft/comments/3qwf63/article_posted_to_rtruereddit_today_perfectly r/work http np.reddit.com/r/work/comments/3qs7qm/how_uber_and_its_peers_turned_us_into_horrible r/uberdrivers http np.reddit.com/r/uberdrivers/comments/3ql0lx/passfail r/anarcho_capitalism http np.reddit.com/r/anarcho_capitalism/comments/3qmezn/the_rating_game_how_uber_and_its_peers_turned_us r/techfeed http np.reddit.com/r/techfeed/comments/3qkiut/the_rating_game and r/technology http np.reddit.com/r/technology_/comments/3qkisx/the_rating_game .
notice this thread is for discussing the submission topic only .
do not discuss the concept of the autotldr http www.reddit.com/user/autotldr bot here .
i was cleaning my bathroom and accidentally dumped scrubbing bubbles on the floor where i was cleaning with pine sol and the curiosity struck .
must be able to cover a wide variety of challenges and encounters .
i 'm really good just need 2 guys equally as good sniping team preferred add or message ithinkimhercules
most newer primes have substantial stat advantages over their normal counterparts .
as an older prime mag prime only has 25 more health and one extra polarity .
any chance they 'll beef her up a bit ?
be as specific as possible and include specific games or programs you will be using .
note beyond a week or two from today means any build you receive will be out of date when you want to buy .
what exactly do you need included in the budget ?
which country and state/province will you be purchasing the parts in ?
if you 're in us do you have access to a microcenter location ?
if reusing any parts including monitor s keyboard/mouse/etc what parts will you be reusing ?
if yes are you interested in overclocking right away or down the line ?
are there any specific features or items you want/need in the build ?
ex ssd large amount of storage or a raid setup cuda or opencl support etc
i dont know much about it so i dont really need anything too groundbreaking
do you have any specific case preferences size like itx/microatx/mid-tower/full-tower styles colors window or not led lighting etc or a particular color theme preference for the components ?
do you need a copy of windows included in the budget ?
if you do need one included do you have a preference ?
if so what do you do to deal with it ?
i know someone who would literally just throw off his hat when running after a disc and looking up but this seems like it would get very annoying to do .
really hoping for a fast run 308 know the fights .
finally have a job where i make good money and want to buy gifts for the crap ton of cousins i have but am pretty clueless what to get !
playing through a genocide run on your mac and getting sick of aimlessly wandering around waiting for random encounters ?
well on windows there 's a trick that makes your character infinitely run in place while you go off to browse tumblr or something but it does n't work on mac .
fortunately through messing around i figured out a way to do the same thing on your mac !
i 'm sure others have figured this out but i have n't seen anyone post it so here it is
hold down the up and down directional keys simultaneously until your character does a satanic glitch-dance
if you did it right your character will glitch-party infinitely no matter what window you 're in on your mac allowing you to do whatever while you wait for the next encounter .
just hold down the up and down keys for a second .
make sure to do this right away when you return to the game window for an encounter otherwise your soul will drop straight to the bottom when you enter a bullet hell .
i am completely stuck on the fence about selling my i5/256gb/8gb sp3 in order to buy a new sp4 of the same specs .
i 've already sprung for the new type cover which is amazing and am planning to get the new pen if i do n't upgrade to the sp4 .
how come warner brothers have n't patched these hackers .
they have billions upon billions of dollars they could easily stop the hackers .
i know a friend who uses cydia to hack the game and gets whatever he wants .
there are small game company who can patch these .
also how are people getting rlhj and jlww through hacking ?
children 's book that had a boy that would maybe go into the forest at night and sing or dance .
seemed kind of dark for a children 's story .
i remember it looking old when i was a child in the early 80s .
does anyone else think that there should be a regional and worldwide option for online play ?
i dunno if this has been discussed before but i know for mario kart 8 it 's an option so it 's obviously doable ... just wanted to hear some thoughts .
i 've been learning ios programming through the awesome hacking with swift https www.hackingwithswift.com series .
it 's been a lot of fun but something the author wrote has piqued my curiosity
i do n't claim i always teach coding best practices i do n't claim to give you an in-depth knowledge on every topic but i can promise that you 're going to make a lot of awesome stuff and hopefully have fun at the same time .
he 's right that i 've had a lot of fun .
swift reminds me a lot of python it 's expressive and makes it easy to do complex things in a small amount of code .
but the part that claims to not teach best practices makes me wonder what else i need to learn to be a good ios/os x programmer .
my day job involves a lot of c and c so objective-c is n't a stretch for me .
i 'm also familiar with software engineering best practices that apply across the board .
but what about things that are specific to ios/os x ?
what are things that i would need to know if i decided to move into writing ios or mac apps as a career ?
it seems like the majority of their films flop because they do n't know how to market them .
i 'm looking to get a foreign ditto in order to do some masuda method breeding .
however i 'm on 4th gen at the moment .
had 6th but sold the game and console as it was n't worth the 200 just to play pokemon when i had other games .
since i 'm learning japanese i was wondering if i could simply buy a japanese game and transfer a pokemon over from that .
i know it might be obvious but i wanted to check to be sure .
i found this one for example http www.ebay.com.au/itm/nintendo-ds-pokemon-soulsilver-japanese-version-pal-compatible-/281840263702 ? hash=item419efd2216 g goaaosw5zbwjgog
who else is going to see blind guardian nov 3rd at webster hall in nyc ?
anybody ok with a meetup at a craft beer bar ?
we 've been searching around for an awesome hot wings place for weeks and have n't found anything memorable .
he has been abandoned by his clan he has been considered waste from his childhood but he is a peerless genius .
his father by the help of another person has sealed his dantian to stop him exposing his exceptional talent .
but after his rebirth suspense he becomes the most dazzling star of the continent .however he faces crisis and difficulties as his dao goes against the heaven 's will overcoming everything eventually he achieves the highest boundary the god of war .
i 've had these various unusuals for some time now and i 've decided that i want to trade up to an australium rocket launcher which is valued at 54 keys .
the unusuals are as follows terror-watt crocleather slouch 21 keys .
which rounds out to be 56 keys so if i could get some keys back it would be nice .
if you are interested add me on steam or send me an offer .
five guardians all over 290 four of us are first timers .
have you read the sidebar and rules http www.reddit.com/r/buildapc/wiki/rules ?
if gaming what kind of performance are you looking for ?
ideally i am looking for a great experience playing fallout .
secondary reason is to replace my old busted desktop .
post a draft of your potential build here specific parts please .
http www.reddit.com/r/buildapc/wiki/pcpp do n't ask to be spoonfed a build read the rules !
building with the idea to add a second video card for sli later on .
would be willing to spend a little more if i missed something big that would make a dramatic difference in performance .
i have been wanting to become an ambassador for a little over a year and at one point even sat down to do it but became distracted and never finished it .
now i am finally ready to sit down and finish it .
could anyone point me in the direction of how/what to do ?
bassnectar bassheads and the entire community have given so much to me and i would like to give back .
cortana was one of the big news in windows 10 before it was released are you actually using her ?
it 's almost time fellas just a couple hours .
i 'm killing time by watching monday night raw any other wrestling fans here ?
if so who 's your fav wrestler/diva/tag team on the current roster .
hey guys i was wondering what greg has been up to on your team .
i know matthews and landry are playing well you drafted parker but has greg even done anything to this point ?
i ask this as we have no ability to stretch the field at all with jordy gone .
teams are doubling cobb and no one can break man-to-man coverage .
i was the type of packer fan routing for us to sign greg this off-season .
so my main question is have you guys heard anything about the dolphins maybe trading him ?
or if he is even on the trade block ?
me personally would love to have gj back he was a great leader on our team and lit fire under our shoes .
he was a huge piece to our sb in 2010 and was a huge motivational player as well .
i can hold my own in pvp i 'm inexperienced with trials on my hunter though
she really got to the point and delivered with a little teasing along the way of course .
she was also incredibly nice before and after the kik session i had with her .
i 'd recommend her to anyone looking for a bit of fun .
so my belts a few months back ripped apart while i was driving one day and i think they hit a few things inside my car .
i currently have a camshaft/crankshaft problem among others but was wondering if anyone could identify what this loose wire or sensor is for .
i 'm hoping its not too big of a problem .
he is good for 10 15 points a week .5 ppr .
it seems that people want to explain it as situational or lucky but it 's been consistent .
does anyone have a list of what the track order would be for the deluxe version in terms of how the bonus songs would appear in the track order ?
it feels wrong to listen to it in the order that is posted in google play and spotify .
i am currently attempting to make an app using react with flux that needs to display data from an ajax request on the initial page load .
i came across this documentation page https facebook.github.io/react/tips/initial-ajax.html that looks like it is what i need but i am confused because this does n't seem to follow the regular flux protocol of dispatching actions to stores and then setting data from the store https facebook.github.io/react/blog/2014/07/30/flux-actions-and-the-dispatcher.html .
i came across this blog http racingtadpole.com/blog/flux-react-best-practices that mentions that initial page load is the exception but i ca n't find any info on why this would be the case .
i 've got two piece of lovely new zealand rimu cut from an old house and both sides of both pieces are n't flat at all and also are n't parallel in the slightest .
this porblem has been stopping me from building the guitar i want to make for a while now and i ca n't think of any way around it without a thickness planer or something .
please be experienced and relatively high light level 300 .
do n't join if you 've never completed normal .
to join add your gamertag to the game lobby here https www.the100.io/quick_join/qhpplkrpr_e https www.the100.io/quick_join/qhpplkrpr_e
or you can reply to me here on reddit .
i 'll send invites on a first come first serve basis .
you can also use the chat on the game lobby page to communicate with me .
last august my brother died of a heroin overdose .
i am certain we all know people whom we care about that have gone through the vacuous swirling relentless vortex that is opiate addiction .
he was a great best friend and only sibling for many years .
now the guy who sold him the heroin has pleaded guilty to 1st degree homicide and the da has asked that myself my mother and perhaps even my nephew his son come to the sentencing to read statements .
i am quite vexed by this for many reasons but wonder what the good people of reddit might have to say or if anyone has gone through something similar .
my mother was a social worker so this has been especially traumatic for her having been closely involved with addiction for years to watch her son be consumed by this .
i wonder about many things having to do with this
firstly will my statement regardless of its merits have any impact on the sentence or the people present ?
secondarily if i were to impact the judge 's decision looking at a maximum of like 60 years and the defendant is in his 40 's would it help anything ?
i am certain the role this guy played was filled immediately .
not hard to stay in business when your clientele is willing to lie steal cheat kill for your product .
thirdly should i advocate to get my 10-year-old nephew involved in the process ?
he has had to see things and hear things no one his age should have to deal with already .
yet there is the lingering draw of the potential for some additional closure for him .
what would this individual be facing for a sentence if he were white ?
perhaps important to know the da made a point to state that the defendant had been a mortgage broker prior to getting into the heroin sales field .
that aside he had a previous felony and given 2008 's mortgage issues i bet he was not exactly flush with job offers especially having stolen a car and possessing a firearm as a felon .
i am not exactly a fan of our justice system .
the metropolitan area closest to me is famously the most segregated city in america .
if i am to write a statement and show up in court i think that i would have to bring up my feelings about that .
furthermore when i checked my brother into the salvation army adult rehabilitation program a little under a year before his death i had his cell phone with me .
at that time i received texts from this same individual .
i took the time to call the police to whom i have an instinctual aversion and give them his name and number .
i told them unequivocally that this guy was trying to peddle heroin to my brother who wanted to stop .
unfortunately the next time i heard from the police was nine months later when an officer walked on to my property without knocking on my door and presented himself simply as a detective '' with so-and-so police department .
he did not even tell me right away why he was there just let me wonder and asked if i was who i am and left a nice awkward silence before saying i am sure you know your brother had a problem ... ''
i also took my brother to no less than 4 rehabilitation centers public ones because he had no money .
each of them turned him away because his withdrawal symptoms were not severe enough . ''
he embarrassingly admitted that he was addicted to heroin and that he wanted to stop and they turned him away .
so i guess my question above sort of speaks for itself and any and all related advice is more than welcome as i can not really make up my mind and need some unbiased input .
this http s1.postimg.org/4k1hc6c1r/screenshot_374.png section from flynn 's 'trinity ' does n't look too pleasant .
that stuff in the bottom sounds actually sounds pretty cool !
there 's a red bicycle with green stickers locked up to a sign near white oak and taylor .
maybe someone locked it up and forgot where it was at ?
i 'll get pics tomorrow and update the post .
looks to be a fixed gear with black rims and tires locked with a u lock .
a little late to the bs game but finally got some time to try for the black spindle !
like my title says i would like to pursue a career in software engineering .
however i 'm currently wondering which form of education i should take in order for employers to take my resume seriously college versus certification classes .
in addition to this i 'm terrible at math .
here 's a bit of background information about myself .
i have a ba in communication studies a minor degree in japanese and a technical degree in audio engineering .
i 'm located in the san francisco bay area and my current position at a tech company is earning me a decent living .
however if i want to pursue higher positions they 're mainly in software engineering .
any potential japanese positions would require me to move to japan which is not an option for me for the time being .
i originally wanted to pursue computer science but the high level math requirement hindered me from bring able to do so when i was in college .
i guess what i 'm trying to get at is to know whether it is worth it for me to financially invest in a drastic career change at this point in my life or if i should stick to developing my career with my current skill set .
any constructive advice/resources on this would be most appreciated .
i dont even know hwo is a good carry in this meta lol
right now i 'm out of weed but i have a shit ton of keef and some wax .
if i were to roll a ball of wax in some keef and put it in a bowl would that get me really high ? ?
might be a stupid question but i do n't wan na waste wax and keef .
when i was about 15 or 16 years old i was in art class drawing a cartoon after all my work was complete .
never anything crazy mostly cartoons and things like that .
my godfather kept a few and framed them for himself .
well as i was drawing this cartoon in class my art teacher leaned over my shoulder and whispered we do not draw cartoons in this classroom .
i dropped my pencil and have n't really picked one up since until recently .
i have a really good story in my head that my son loves .
my wife wants me to draw the story and to do the lettering as well and get it bound for him .
i 'm getting so anxious even thinking about it .
when i get down to actually doing it i draw something and it 's not how i imagined it looking and i stop for a few weeks .
i also plan on drawing this as a children 's book and making it cartoony .
i have always had a tough time with faces hands and feet .
just wondering if anyone knows that the kgb crew stands for ?
they are from sydney and some have gone to europe
hi a quick question im wonder is is there a advantage to using paypal and adding your credit card to it vs just using your credit card on a website .
is it any more secure or is it less .
in other words 2 people each for male and female whose voice technique and power etc .
are you most impressed with and whose voice inflections timbre etc .
i 've been driving around for an hour because i do n't know what to do .
i 'm sitting in a parking lot and i ca n't stop crying because i ca n't figure out how i could possibly fix myself .
i cut again for the first time in months .
i 'm sorry this is so vague i just do n't know what to do .
i need a good krieg relic purple rarity also i need a level 37 flame of the fire hawk also a mania perk physco class mod .
as much as i would like to see him return to az the cards do n't need wr help .
ah shaman even in custom designs it 's weaker than others the others last until another land card shaman land only lasts until the next card .
4 mana 7 cards no board deals 9+10+10 damage .
edit you can take out the apprentice and throw in 0~1 mana creatures and it 'd still do the same for more mana .
in case you have a cock that is n't stiff hold it away from my face and set fire to it !
that jurassic park one has stumped me for years .
i re-watched it the other month just to see if i could confirm a theory in my head that the car slid over to the drop off after the t-rex came out and stood on it but nope .
as someone who lives in south mississippi i am tired of constantly being embarrassed by those ass hats in north mississippi .
tho if i were already dead i admire the efficiency of the disposal of my corpse .
note postive replies can not be stapled to your application to mcdonald 's as recommendations .
it is a giant bag so it 's been a while .
by go bad do you mean it 's actually bad for the dog ?
i had mine for about 8 months love them still do however the mic has started to fail .
not a big deal price is low enough i can look into replacing it but i have heard of similar issues with the microphone failing after a few hundred hours use .
i meant of the rom not the method for backing up
this only presents an issue if you have your xbox set to instant-on mode .
the xbox uses such a small amount of power in instant-on mode that some surge protectors will just shut off power to it completely .
lol ca n't complete a simple request to show the evidence your entire argument is based on and i'm wrong .
not to mention the entire reason you 're arguing with me is apparently based on me claiming that kimuras are more dangerous than leglocks .
if you think i said that i do n't think it 's that big of an ask for you to show me where i did .
how could you know that you would get it back ?
due to the nature of theft most of the time you ca n't know for sure that something has been stolen because you would have to have noticed the theft and if you had you would probably still have it unless it 's robbery .
usually all you can say is that it 's missing and when you had it last and in what time frame and place you must have lost it whether you lost it or it was stolen .
no one can ever be 100 certain something was or was n't stolen unless he was robbed .
just tell them what happened what 's the problem .
neople realllly needs to get reliable community representatives to whom they listen .
the duggars are kind of like that single woman who is always at the bar .
looks respectable and upstanding at first but then you start to hear stuff about her and pretty soon she 's no better than an ultra-conservative christian in sex rehab .
just stumbled upon this thread and want to tell you the issue with kems regarding high latency .
most of their upstream links are connected directly to europe due to which the minimum latency will always be greater than 100ms .
they have cancelled most of their local links within region .
so even to reach dubai server traffic will go all the way till europe and than to dubai .
in the article it says he wanted to but he could n't because it was too emotional .
what no way dude selling a game before the devs want it out is super duper illegal that guy deserves life in jail !
i mean as long as you are n't mean to people who are out it should be ok ?
i 'll have a look at some of those and see what i can find .
looked up some stuff and that definitely sounds right on the money .
i did n't downvote you but being a straight male i 'd say the less man ass the better haha .
things are more expensive and my wages do n't increase .
due to dlr strike action i 'm still in bed .
gon na wait until the worst of the commuting hours are done then make the annoying bus-jubilee-walking journey .
nothing is getting me on the peak morning rush jubilee line with extra dlr refugees packed in as well .
reports from bed some wanker just let off a firework in the street outside .
it 's scared the neighbouring dogs and set off a car alarm so i do hope that the little darling who let it off is easily found by pissed off dog owners .
gon na head downstairs in a bit and see if that nice vietnamese oolong i brewed last night is any good as a chilled tea .
this is one of the reasons i did my first gift exchange several years ago .
i was tired of just having christmas being another day i was living alone and my family were all still jw .
so even though i wanted to celebrate christmas i did n't really have any way to do so .
and it got me talking about my situation to the point where friends invited me to spend the day with their families .
i thought that 'd be weird but it was great !
after a bad ss experience a few years ago i 've been passing on all the exchanges but after reading your post i think i 'll sign up after all .
i feel so horrid for laughing at this i really do .
luigi 's mansion wave race pikmin smash melee monkey ball and star wars rogue leader .
considering that lab grown meat is down to around 100kg from 20,000kg in the past five years i think it will be a non issue .
want some lab grown/guilt free chicken cultured from a single cell ?
i do n't think op is saying it 's from the series transformers energon .
i think op is saying it 's a secret about energon itself judging from the apostrophe in transformer 's .
they do n't microwave i do n't know what you 're talking about .
you can actually see them cooking the food on the grill .
christ if you think it 's bad now you 'd have been blown away by its uselessness back in the day .
i 've been wanting to get into board-games for a while now .
i 've ran a dnd adventure first time for all involved we 're not very hardcore for a while now but man there 's something about a proper board game that i want to get into !
do you think zombicide would be an ok beginner game ?
i 've actually checked it out a few times at a local store p
here 's the thing ... manarchists '' do not exist as a defined group i 've never stumbled across a group that proudly proclaimed themselves manarchists '' and confidently espoused sexism .
if you could illuminate me on one that 'd be great .
what i have seen is a disappointing portion of male anarchists who are face-palmingly lacking education/sensitivity on gender/feminist issues .
but on the flip-side i have also seen an asinine overabundance of sensitivity that knee-jerkingly calls out any male who remotely questions a female/feminist especially on their individual stance regarding an even distantly gender issue and stigmatizes them as permanently patriarchal in some vein that is super rather than inconsequentially oppressive .
this all needs to be sorted the fuck out among anarchists in a way that inclusivey cuts through any immaturity/ignorance with tough love emphasis on love '' at this point in the whole mess .
furthermore we can not know if the poster of that graphic is sexist .
his link is certainly not sexist however the facebook page undoubtedly is .
so i re-iterate the best course of action is to acknowledge fully the actual issue at hand fascists intimidating anarchists and then demand answers regarding the source .
if we do the former without the latter we fail in calling out sexism that is associated with anarchist issues .
if we do the latter without the former we fail in camaraderie regarding the incident and disregard a serious issue putting the op on the defensive when their guilt is not 100 ascertained .
it is interesting to see the mechanicum and a friggin ' primarch !
there is a point in time when calling a girl a 0 just is n't good enough sometime you need below 0 .
i 've got one that has a cracked screen that i could probably let go for cheap if you wanted to try switching out the glass .
not sure how easy or recommended this is but its an idea
play with me xdarkxs0nicx i play smite most days and i 'm a pretty decent player and team mate
i 'm on banggood right now and there are 3 designs.. 1a 3d and 5a .
if aphro reach out to him and said his goodbye there would n't been any misunderstanding between him and dl on rather they still friend or not .
tbh you guys looked so good in that vikings game man .
first of all you would not sound like a prick if you did n't call them allah akbars so i am not sure if you are trolling ...
it is about them being safe first of all .
noone wants them and their children drowning in the mediterranean running away from barrel-bombs .
that is the first thing we can agree on right ?
if we do n't than that 's a whole different issue .
after they are safe even in places like sumte that a far from ideal and they are warm and fed comes the second step
if not send them back to the balkan for example those people have a shitty life as well sure but their country is still safe enough
if their request for asylum is legitimate integrate them into society .
mandatory german lessons get them into the job market .
what i ca n't stand and i am not saying that is the case with you is that people assume the refugees want to live here in welfare and/or bomb our subways .
i am fairly certain that the majority just does n't want their kids to burn to death in syria which is a fairly reasonable wish for anybody and live a fulflling life elsewhere work go to school have friends .
why does she have to point out that it 's not okay ?
does she think that the people who sexually harass others do it because they are n't aware it 's not okay ?
take the lesson and make sure your friends know it too . ''
holy mother of god could you be any more of a grandstanding fuckface .
personal favourite is the pharah air superiority not sure why just really like the composition and striking colours .
in fact all of pharah 's sprays are spot on .
as others have said the torby ikea sprays also purely for comedy value .
we we we ... '' just play and if you like it you like it ...
lpt if you ca n't get passed graphics playing a game maybe you should find another hobby p
you mean like the f-4 f-16 f/a-18 eurofighter typhoon saab gripen and the mig-29 ?
weapons that are used by almost any nation with a modern air force some having been used for over 3 decades now with the f-4 having been used over 50 years ?
do-all weapons are n't a problem because aircraft capabilities are largely centered around their avionics today and not airframes
shiva one of the most widely worshipped gods in india nepal etc the surrounding area in one form or another smokes weed drinks bhang consumes marijuana on the reg because he 's a yogi and an ascetic and spends all he time meditating in the himalayas .
the ganga is infinitely pure in hinduism because it falls from heaven onto shiva 's head and then down to earth .
practitioners of tantra use marijuana in rituals and to meditate .
saying marijuana is important in hinduism is like saying water is wet lol
my teammates ran shotgun while i put pressure on with the sniper .
i 'm no mlg pro but i got ta say there were times during our flawless run that i questioned why i 'm not
just the way i acted i 've always been really anxious of new things i 've never done well socially all of the signs towards it jut added up
pretend he did n't have a south africa flair .
how would you defend a man being confined to his team hotel because he 's unsafe in an indian city simply due to his place of birth ?
i am not sure how mods allow language like this on the forum .
you say after you 've told him to shut the fuck up '' because in your view south africans are n't allowed to comment on this if they disagree with you .
is n't it more expensive lower melting temp and less strong than an alloy ?
i would also add that capitalism is theft because it separates workers from the product of their labor or alienation .
wait if he does believe this and he 's a neurosurgeon what does he think of ancient fossils ?
i 'd assume he at least took some science classes where they taught about them .
i 'm definitely with you on preferring a good 2d vs a mediocre 3d .
i just tried the slave trainer sim a few days ago !
since you mentioned the 'sim ' game genre did you ever play sim girls ?
if you go running around with a knife stabbing people do n't bitch and whine when you get shot dead .
by the way in most countries the police will shot a man running around with a knife in his hand stabbing people .
and the police wo n't pussy about shooting the limbs or something .
this applies in my country of singapore as well .
measured by death/injury rate per trip cycling is about twice as dangerous as automobile travel .
i 'm not really asking him not to do it
it 's like i do n't care whether or not it happens i 'm more wondering if my feelings are justified .
so long as he owens is protected a bit there is money in reigns v owens imo .
3 gives the falcons some momentum before their game against the colts the next week .
or frame the question if i 'm thirsty and having nothing to drink but beer should i drink the beer or stay thirsty ? ''
you will be able to move them around to other characters to get the exotic quests .
but yes keep the legendary swords get one of each .
get them above 280 dam asap to get the exotic quest .
make sure it 's on the character you prefer to do the quest line with .
getting a void exotic sword dark drinker with a titan is a seriously broken plan .
this was taken at like 1:45pm when the sun was the hottest everyone was hiding in the shade on the outer part near the moat !
the titans are 1-6 and still are just going to be 1.5 games behind the afc south leaders .
not sure what school you 're at but byu i believe has an agreement with one of the top dental.schools.in the country for acceptance ...
i like plenty of movies and some books and the other was better .
he looks like the frog guy from kung fu hustle
i 'd like to see some kind of evidence to support the contention that most anti-vaxxers are democrats .
i really do n't think that 's the the case .
i see that open can though so i can see why you 'd think that .
gameplay is smooth and probably the best of the series .
campaign really is n't as bad as many make it out to be at least that 's my take on it .
not the best campaign at all but it 's fun beautiful and action packed .
if money is an object if wait for maybe black friday or christmas but this game is a definite buy .
they all caught my eye d. i do n't need the shaymin though if its been trained .
would you mind if we trade in about an hour .
make sure to drop flowers on crime alley to listen to the really sad version of the shirley walker theme from mask of the phantasm .
might be a long shot could it be the darkness ' with a woman '' ?
the chorus ends in a wail with the lyrics being with a woman ! ''
i think york is giving snyder a run for his money as the shittiest owner
positioning missing soak taking uneven fights not valuing soak enough engaging under unfair circumstances other than uneven fights like a 4v5 etc picking a bad hero for your team or against the enemy team missing skillshots wrong talent choices wrong situational talent choices like not getting spell shield on sylvanas against a kt jaina and nova .
not knowing when to trade and when to contest blaming your teammates too much/not being critical of yourself .
sun prairie water and light offers fiber for 35/45/55 a month .
trailers are never honest '' they are always designed to convey a certain intent not the truth .
moreover lying to execs to get something greenlit and not having a trailer that appeases the most hardcore fanbase are hardly the same thing .
i do n't wan na put that label on any team we still have to play
my respect for you guys who do this every week is huge .
this is the first raw match i 've seen in months and the commentary is just killing me .
oh i 've never used amazon for video streaming .
blame teh scorp cudgel coz he started it all lol
if only the namekian did n't alter his dna he still has the str bonus from his ancestor overlord cudgel .
most christians would not be happy to have a devil worshipper as a significant other .
although i suppose that you could enter into such a relationship in the hopes of being able to get your boyfriend to change his mind .
as you probably know relationships that are based on an intention to change something about your partner whether in terms of beliefs habits weight employment educational level etc .
what i never got was why the movies/show keep telling us how powerful of a jedi he is but we very rarely see him do anything particularly impressive compared to other jedi .
the only indication that we have that he 's special is that he 's of comparable skill to jedi much older than he is which in movie-land is n't very impressive .
my sister and her friend once thought it would be funny to tp my car .
they were teenagers and haha ok ... but why my car ?
so i got a shovel scraped a dead squirrel off the road and tied it to the windshield wipers of her friend 's car .
it was unlocked so i opened it and flipped the wipers on so when she started the car bloody squirrel went sqqueeeeeeeeek across her window .
at the end of the game yeah seen plenty of pouty cam this year though .
once she gets in it 's back to business as usual
you can even see her flip flopping on her rhetoric .
the louder the crowd cheers the more she supports that position .
her platform is just tell the people whatever they want to hear until she gets elected .
once in office all that shit goes out the window .
i do n't know my grandmother was pretty hurt when my grandfather died to lung cancer the stress might 've had something with her early death as well .
and trying to comfort my older cousin because her father died at the ripe age of 40 something ?
she was a wreck for the next couple of months i still am not sure she 's over it and do n't get me started on her mother who tried to tough it out for her .
people give me shit for being suicidal what 's the difference ?
i would like to play all of someone 's levels in exchange for them playing all of mine .
i only have time for one person so i will take the first one that messages me .
alive for over 4 decades and i still sometimes feel like i need an adult .
maturity is highly over-rated as long as you can pull your shit together when you need to that 's good enough for me !
in the first list it was just the steps for the sender .
in the second you group the steps for the sender and receiver .
r/buttsharpies at first it just seemed oddly specific then i was like damn that 's pretty hot . ''
as an internet consumer i do n't give a shit whether the titties are brought to me by calvin clein or nostromos .
if they jiggle they 're going in the spank bank .
like b/w savra but probably with a built-in sac outlet both og teysa and og ghost council were sac outlets .
if she is decent looking then she might not get fucked because she 's a bitch or a autistic like most people than come here .
you hold it in your hand and talk into it .
it has a wire attached to it and its connected to a recorder .
next thing you 're gon na say is that we figured out how to put a man on the moon .
i 'll bet your one of those young whipper-snappers always coming up with crazy ideas .
and am now worried that they wo n't accept that because we didnt actually buy '' the phone .
i had blue cheese on a baked potato with bacon grilled cauliflower .
the blue cheese was bleedin ' heavenly ... at least until i saw the fat calorie content .
i mean they did use it for 10 years and it was held by most of the biggest stars in the company 's history .
i really hate the new belt compared to the new belt form 2013 .
second to last belt is better than the current they should have never changed the logo .
if i were a 49ers fan i 'd slit my wrist
there are reasons the germans used their uboats to sink atlantic shipping rather than carry goods .
700 tons is a ludicrously tiny cargo space for a ship .
that 's the sort of cargo capacity a clipper ship could carry and the clippers were faster .
ive always wondered exactly how it tests your character .
because its a simulation it wont be able to accurately perdict how you would react in a live or death situation .
the only thing they might be able to assess is your stress reactions to high stress levels from the high stress test but nowhere near life and death .
so what the captains who remain chill and give up are fired ?
what about the ones who damn the torpedoes ramming speed '' plow ahead ?
hey now i do n't want my ladies to be slaves .
they 're just hard working girls free to come and go if they like .
of course they wo n't because the pay will be too good .
my status bar and nav bar seem to disappear if i am in immersive mode for a few days .
bow ties are for dateless nerds emeritus professors and wannabe nba hangers on .
do n't be any of those things and you 'll never have to worry about it .
he 's got tutorials for turtle graphics on youtube .
you should follow flavor flav i 'm pretty sure his username is hoovaq
i belive the quality of acting today far exceeds that prior to the 70s .
another pump back to 366/367 if it drops back to 360 again i'l fomo
telling someone about your battle with depression is n't a 5 min conversation .
you 're making assumptions as much as anyone else .
gildacocked-i yes well at any rate you must send letters to celestia luna and cadence warning them all of any new guards coming in any up-and-coming social butterflies making a splash long lost family members making a return basically anyone new within the next eight or nine months .
i 'm not a huge fan of getting slapped .
not the jp pug scene according to all these threads .
that monster thing in the first 5 five minutes of one punch man
i thought the narrator was fine but it was kind of hard to hear him amidst the background music .
they did n't have any money so they traded the transparent aluminum molecular formula for 6 '' thick plexiglass .
that was basically the 3rd law in the code of hammurabi .
do it anyways might make you feel better and it would make me laugh .
i do n't think he is the guy chip picked .
i think chip was going to use him as trade bate and he ultimately became the fallback plan .
as for the argument that he has dedicated resources to get him it 's a legitimate point but going off what we know of chip the gm i do n't think he gives a shit .
he 's not going to keep him around because of what he 's spent on him those picks are gone and if sam does n't work he does n't work .
chip 's not going to waste more time trying to jam a square peg into a round hole .
it 's a symbol for good energy '' iirc .
increasingly major character underwent a complete transformation from murderous psychopath to martial artist pacifist .
we already knew that he already told that story but now they made an entire filler episode to expound each minute detail .
maybe he has joestar blood http ls57tiger.freepgs.com/jojo/phpbb3/viewtopic.php ? f=41 t=6661 .
lyn is older than eliwood and hector in the english version younger than them in the japanese .
your post has been removed for the following reason s
posts or submissions that are not primarily giving or discussing legal questions and answers are removed .
if you feel this was in error message the moderators .
anytime i need help with this i 'll come to you
that is not an excuse to make absolutely no attempt whatsoever to explain things .
i 'm vaping the same setup as we speak at 500 deg 45jewels ...
i do n't have the chaperone to be more specific but different barrels will have different recoil .
some will recoil side to side some up and down .
i was underneath taking the u-joint apart when it started leaning .
luckily the driver-side rotor hit the wheel that was laying next to it .
i think that 's all that saved me from being crushed or at least from hitting my head .
i 've just updated from old dashboard preview to nxoe .
you can define the value automatically by listening to eloquent 's creating event http laravel.com/docs/5.1/eloquent events .
as to how you come up with a unique number that 's up to you .
it totally depends on if you want it to be random semi-random whatever .
while on the topic though what is this value for ?
if you could potentially use the same number as the id what purpose does it serve being there if it 's the same ?
i state things that i like and hope that someone feels like they can find something in the 20 range for me .
i also shop on sale or i make things for my giftees !
has anybody else noticed this while playing or watching any of the other heroes ?
so her argument is that bernie is getting a free pass in the media because they 're not demonizing the word socialist '' ?
it 's practically confirmed that you have to go into some kind of stasis to survive in vault 111 for 200 210 ?
years so there 's that plus there 's going to be a bar in boston i 'm blanking on the name that supposedly has some sort of vr pods which is probably the inspiration for that concept art .
i thought this was going to be referencing some sort of chocolate swap .
when one person loves more than the other there 's a bad ending .
all of your comments are very helpful thank you !
i made an appointment at a local acupuncture clinic this week for a consult so i am excited and hopeful that the doctor will be able to help me and it looks like my insurance will cover !
after searching the web to learn more about acupuncture i found some websites www.acupuncturecontinuingeducation.com was one another was called lotus i think that actually teach acupuncturists about how to treat back pain so once i saw that i feel there must be some merit to the treatment .
fogsmasher i believe my problem is more muscle related because i sit in a chair for long hours doing computer work for my day job .
i still get up and move around but regardless my back still gets painful/achy .
maybe there is more beneath the surface to look into ?
i have not gotten an mri so i do n't know .
there used to be a great tex-mex place in trafalgar square .
a friend of mine who goes by yung_lean in lol .
i 'm not doubting ur skills not at all .
i missed the part where u said that u 9th on futhead nexus so u can forget all i said regarding fut my bad .
as for whether i played high level player well it depends what r u calling an high level player .
i think an high level player is one who plays high level defense as well as high level attack performs build up plays and not using one method of play .
unfortunately most yes most of fifa players in the top divisions are not good players .
most of them gives the ball to the god-players ronaldo messi bale etc .
performs tons of dribbling and abuse pace in h2h not fiwc of course .
i think that from the thousands of players i 've faced maybe 1 were high level players but that 's my approach to the game .
how often will the giveaway for the colors be happpening ?
the internet is n't really where you want to be getting information if your dick is n't working properly .
you 're telling me the dallas cowboys could n't get double digit yards with an o-line so good many fans said they could be the starting rb and have success and that is somehow diminished by the fact that their starting qb is out .
not to mention that matt cassel is not an awful qb and he 's throwing to dez bryant .
this stat would have shocked me if it was just from one game but to completely shut down two teams in the fourth defensively is quite impressive regardless of personnel .
they are nfl teams and struggling or not 7 yards is an absolute destruction of epic proportions .
kul men jo det verkar som om stället är mycket känt vid det här laget .
så sent som för någon månad var jag på återbesök och då var det tvärtom vidöppet och lättare att komma in än förut .
you can never go wrong and they 'll never be out of style .
yea they 're cheap and functionally limited and work .
the same can be said for the chevy aveo and i 'd much rather go spend an extra thousand bucks to buy literally anything else .
stan/kyle i knew about but kyle/cartman who makes these images ?
what in the flying fucking hell is this bull ass shit ?
the design will depend on the drives but the idea is to make a revolving cylinder based on the mauser zig-zag which pushes the top drive forward when the trigger is pulled .
bonus points for playing russian roulette with plug orientation !
a failed career in dentistry left him rudderless and allegations of sexual deviance with a high school girlfriend named katie marred his reputation . ''
i 'm thinking of taking those in the winter term and i 'm in pretty much the same situation as the op in terms of work schedule .
the syllabus seems like it 's heavy on c .
there are a ton of fun beginner accessible waves on north shore .
anyone questioning whether we had a franchise qb last year was a moron .
the issue is that teams in lower tiers play just like barca/bayern so much that i dont fear coming up against top teams anymore because they 're at the same difficulty as a team from the 3rd tier english team
that commercial is good in concept but i ca n't stand peter pan in it .
except when people refute you or disagree instead of apologizing for miscommunicating and then clarifying yourself you just say i never said that '' .
you 're dodging out of the question in an aggressive way .
then when someone again tells you that 's how they interpreted it you claim that they 're just too stupid to understand your vast intellect .
i think they sometimes do but the same scenario could be applied to the mlb or nba .
all aim-9s are ir guided and do n't emit anything .
edit apparently there was a trial aim-9c that was later developed into the agm-122 which was a semi-active version .
this is the series i 'm most hoping for .
dying to replay them ... . with all the dlc
dunno i 'm not able to read the whole report right now so putting that paragraph in any kind of context is tough .
the reports on the report say they did n't delve into the reasons why unless i took them up wrong so maybe there 's some reason none of us are seeing that 's the cause of poor outcomes and i type this as i cry into my degree made possible by btea
kind of getting sick of this just jump ship already .
he 's one of the best players in league and an average player in union who could improve but he obviously does n't want to play union .
i stared at that for far too long thinking '' why do n't you have any toes ? !
i 'm sure this would all go away if we just learned about it in school and voiced our concerns yeah ...
map size and player count does n't really matter that is unless you have to keep track of all 128 .
most people have covered what you need for entry ie mature entry or special admission possiblity of bridging course or an equivalent course that leads to possible entry to a tertiary institution .
i just wanted to add a few more bits ...
firstly there are people in similar situations as yourself ie leaving school without qualifications that allows direct entrance to a tertiary institution .
the next step is to set yourself up for success .
ensure that whatever qualification you go for is either recognised by nzqa or a reputable qualification authority .
southern institute of technology is a tertiary institution but is n't considered a university .
the terminology/differences should n't matter as long as the qualification you receive is recognised or acredited by nzqa .
unfortunately there 's training establishments that may be offering courses but not all are recognised/accredited by nzqa .
although you have decided on the tertiary qualification there are courses within that qualification .
some of the courses on 2nd year depend on you having done certain courses in the 1st year .
if there 's a course that must be done together with another course they are known as co-requisites .
this is important as if you do n't have the right pre-requisite course they may not allow you do do that course .
so planning ensures you land on your final year having done the required courses you need to take the final year papers you need as well as complete the requirements for your degree .
there are also things you can do between now and the start of your first semester to gear yourself up for your further education .
firstly there 's actual academic stuff that you will yourself know you are weak in but perhaps will need to know or brush up on for your studies .
this is especially if they accept your application for admission without requiring you to take courses to cover the gaps in your study .
even though you are going for information technology you will probably need more than knowledge of computers to succeed .
for example do you need to brush up on your maths ?
do you write well or do you need to improve your writing skills ?
there 's learning skills like how to take notes effectively or how to write answer questions in an exam or prepare answers for assignments writing essays this includes how to properly reference and quote material etc .
also when you are enrolled if such courses usually they are short free or cheap and no credits as how to look for resources eg searching library journals evaluating sources of information etc .
the u of auckland study skills page https www.library.auckland.ac.nz/study-skills is a good starting point .
for example the maths stats http www.library.auckland.ac.nz/services/student-learning/maths-stats page has links to online resources where you can self study .
they are usually called student learning services or academic skills .
vuw http www.victoria.ac.nz/st_services/slss canterbury http www.lps.canterbury.ac.nz/lsc example of workshops http www.lps.canterbury.ac.nz/lsc/workshops.php otago http slc.otago.ac.nz massey http www.massey.ac.nz/massey/staffroom/teaching-and-learning/centres_tl/centrestl-students/centrestl-students_home.cfm and sit https www.sit.ac.nz/students/academic-support .
the thing is for some of these you do n't have to learn from that the institution you are with .
some of the courses on these skills are available online .
there are some specific to the institution you are with like how to navigate their library system to find the resources you need what do you need to log into their networks from home etc .
it really depends on you i would n't go into any mm if i did n't feel 100 of my mouse i used to have a logitech mouse very small wireless and i changed to razer deathadder took me like couple of hours to get used to the size but i did n't go into mm a whole day and just played deathmatch or casuals with some 1v1 servers
your submission has been automatically removed pending manual approval because your account does not meet the minimum karma or account age requirements of r/worldnews .
please collect some positive karma in other subreddits to avoid having to go through the manual approval process .
if you are new to reddit we suggest you read
you may also want to review the reddit guidelines regarding spam http www.reddit.com/help/faq whatconstitutesspam and the wiki on self-promotion on reddit http www.reddit.com/wiki/selfpromotion .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/worldnews if you have any questions or concerns .
people who would rather play smash bros than halo .
nothing wrong with halo but people have different tastes .
i do n't think it 's brave to say mean things to people .
i think it 's a lot braver when you say nice things !
also i think you are brave for sharing your problem on this forum !
my parents are eagles fans my older brother is a 49ers fan and i used to be a dolphins fan as a child because i liked dan marino and because of ace ventura but once i grew up i started following the eagles as well .
this was the next video who was the mystery man who attacked earthquake .
i caught once a xing mid flip it was pretty nice too
is n't it as easy as putting the old config file in the new download ?
ft bliss has an amazing post with fantastic gyms and shopping centers .
el paso is a decent city with a good music scene .
however the leadership in every brigade on ft bliss is famous for being terrible .
most people want to leave but ft bliss is a career trap .
do they differ in stats or are they the same unit ?
reminds me of that nightmare fuel episode of pingu .
this is exactly what cablevision and fios do as well .
without the box you ca n't watch most of the channels because they are all encrypted .
i love the fights but i also enjoy a good flashback and character interactions .
i was overjoyed to see mayuri and kisuke share page space for the first time in years .
i love how urahara 's chipper attitude and mentorish spirit towards kurotsuchi just ca n't be dampened no matter how many firehoses mayuri levels at it .
the relationships are quite complex and it 's great to see them play out if they 're done creatively .
i hope you have to catch your first it will make this feel more like the pokemon universe .
i 'd love to actually have to care and use something like a pidgey or some insect pokemon .
despite the struggle it would make the game feel alot more authentic .
you do realize most people who lose weight are not eating keto ?
for many people this is n't sustainable so it 's never going to work for them and keto is n't the only way to lose weight
in terms of series bbc 's whites and the kitchen confidential sitcom .
thanks for showing that red herrings and con art are getting the most upvotes and the most manipulative comments are often at the top .
edit for clarification obviously those are not chemtrails it is a red herring and should never get so many upvotes .
edit2 another interesting observation i have made if you reply and expose a manipulative comment it will get buried under other comments without having less upvotes .
this happens every time so i made some screenshots this time
it was the top comment before i posted my criticism http i.imgur.com/gj5nlqz.png
afterwards it quickly gets burried below other comments http i.imgur.com/girogvh.png
the position of the comments is rigged and not dependent on votes even though the votes are also rigged .
doubly true if it 's a clothes store and you 're wearing something you bought there previously .
one of your own has been outed as a pedophile and molester and ya 'll idiots are defending him ?
if you 're little books true i hope you all burn in hell with him bunch of classless uneducated backwoods religious nuts .
the shortest answer is because title 27 of the code of federal regulations 1979 http www.gpo.gov/fdsys/pkg/cfr-2011-title27-vol1/pdf/cfr-2011-title27-vol1-chapi.pdf standardized fills '' for wine and liquor .
forgive the formatting the smaller measurements are in their own 'column ' in the original .
it 's not 3 litres 375 millilitres it 's 3l or 375ml .
§ 5.47a metric standards of fill distilled spirits bottled after december 31 1979 .
the standards of fill for distilled spirits are the following
1 for containers other than cans described in paragraph a 2 of this section—
this was based roughly on the fifth '' 4/5ths of a quart of 1/5th of a gallon short quart '' or commercial quart '' which had become somewhat popular .
for a history of bottles and how to date bottles especially american bottles please see here http www.sha.org/bottle/liquor.htm .
for examples of 750ml-ish bottles search the page for fifth '' .
i can not find any specific laws on european bottle sizes but i do have an unsourced quote from jean-robert pitte http vins-krick.fr/actualites 7-.html ? page=4 e author of a book on bordeaux winemaking http www.ucpress.edu/book.php ? isbn=9780520274556
please note googlers i had to change the square brackets in this quote to parentheses because of reddit 's version of markdown .
0.75 l 750ml is roughly 1/12th of an english double-gallon 4.5 litres .
0.75 litres seems to have been invented in bordeaux for easier wine trade to england in cases of 12 .
there is evidence for the double-gallon existing at least for milk https books.google.ca/books ? id=a5sraaaaiaaj pg=pa31 lpg=pa31 dq=english 22double+gallon 22 source=bl ots=j2y4i6yxey sig=pp76lsknfkmyrhojoj51libegus hl=en sa=x ved=0cciq6aewawovchmi-5fehi30yaivrj0-ch3tiwkb v=onepage q=english 20 22double 20gallon 22 f=false .
basically it 's fairly similar to reasonably common pre-metric measurements in both england and the us for alcohol and provides an option between half a litre which itself became obsolete for liquor in the us as of 1989 and a full litre .
people who imported alcohol into the united states now had a reasonably easy bottle size to create which assuming their home country did not have any laws against that size of bottle could be used at home as well .
he forces people to send him money on his paypal or else he will troll in game .
averagely he makes around 60 euro a month on a good month it is around 100 euro .
though i would add that finding a bunch of people that you have fun with should maybe be the primary thing in choosing an outfit .
plus if the leadership such as there might be are honorable yes that 's a factor for me at least one reason why i do n't like outfits like s3x1/ihop so much and do n't take themselves too seriously .
ca n't you turn subtitles on and off or change the language setting on live tv ?
the technology is there i wonder why it is not utilised ?
it 's in the specs the stb can do it so of course it 's not utilised by the networks .
in the uk obviously most tv is aired in english but 99 of shows have english subtitles that can be turned on or off for the deaf and at least half have audio description which can be turned on or off for the blind .
oh we have that too for dutch programs but english-language programs have fixed subtitels they are actually part of the video stream itself .
also the subtitle system as it is currently in use on dvds blu-rays and digital tv is completely broken .
even if it were used correctly it still would suck because it 's just badly designed .
he deleted a lot of his tweets before going offline .
he resurfaced back just a couple of months ago .
an amazon driver once left three parcels of mine in someone else 's bin on a completely different street .
nojerk i guess it 's easy to get carried away with shitposts and whatnot on a sub like this .
can you do one without any clothes on and say i want you to finish your essay . ''
so if i understand it properly the planet has to be further away than the green value and closer than the blue value to be in the hab zone and these values change for each temperature .
so we can just check the star 's temperature and then check the planets which are between those 2 corresponding values ?
between min and median like the 700 in the 1st image
pps if it 's also related to irl values you should x-post to dataisbeautiful or maybe even if it 's not related to irl values saying it 's based on the game p it would certainly be useful for many rpg players d
stay away from these events bad vibes all around .
yeah like i get they do n't play with little dolls anymore but i do n't want them to be a guy with some sexist or perverted reasoning .
and i 'm saying there is no empirical basis to that belief .
you 'd like to to be true i 'm sure but if it were true its a reasonable expectation that several political events in this country from major spending and cuts to conflicts would have gone quite differently .
lots of gay dudes in metal man and no one really gives a shit .
there 's so many ways to outplay her l has she been buffed recently or something ?
i keep hearing all this talk about lux these past couple of weeks..
please make this ability 80 more useless i do n't want to be able to ult my teammates they are noobs ''
just when everything in australia is trying to kill you we have peacocks d
alternatively it might well be that trident is so far down the list of priorities for a lot of people that they 'll happily vote for a party that differs from their view drastically especially when they 're safe in the knowledge that said party are very likely to have no impact on the renewal process anyway .
i use a power drill to make new holes in my belt .
an awl or screwdriver or knife work okay but a power drill makes nice clean holes .
an gesoffenen lack kann ich mich nicht erinnern aber sowas kann auch am gesoffenen lack liegen oder ?
either the bh disappears completely into the thermal hawking radiation or it leaves some sort of relic .
the details depend on your theory of quantum gravity .
whether the singularity actually exists in the quantum picture is not clear .
in any case you 're not going to see a classical macroscopic naked singularity .
it might end up in some sort of weird qg configuration or just vanish .
the clear rate shows how many times people have died and beat level level but the play counter next to the star counter shows how many people and who have beaten and starred the level .
i 'm so glad i just got an additional disability insurance plan .
it must be super scary to not be able to work because i 'm not sure if i have any other skills left .
from the looks of spoilers there are plenty of grim places to explore for example the glowing sea .
i can agree some areas do look too saturated or even cartoony but that can be overlooked as a whole when you look at the progress bethesda has made since fallout 3 .
you could be right from the perspective of a personal goal or motive but there is allot of value in making a point more visible it challenges misconceptions or misinformation and grows public awareness the initial group may be able to effect more change on an individual basis but this is significantly outweighed by the benefits of substantially growing the group of people intent on the same cause .
sorry rain you can only challenge sarah mcblocklan 's or danks st. dream team .
prior to that evening we had discussed sex and he had asked me about my previous experiences and likes/dislikes .
he found out that i 'm somewhat adventurous and an incredibly curious person and so by nature i had done a lot more than he had in the past .
i think this might have intimidated him a little to know so i 'll take your advice on the whole playing innocent thing .
and like you said worst case scenario i just find out exactly how he likes his blow jobs .
do you even know what a blanket statement is or are you just repeating a word you learned on reddit today ?
this is like when peeling a pomegranate and you pull a nice cluster out and shove it in your mouth .
there are criticisms about the game all the damn time .
the front page often has just as much criticisms than praises if not more .
i think it had a lot of names to remember .
i really enjoyed it for some reason when i saw it but so many names are used and so much is going on between these people it 's a bit of a brain buster to keep up .
as i liked it the first time i saw it i viewed it again and actually liked it even more .
i do n't mind a slow '' moving picture if it interests me .
with a new name and new character to roleplay !
me masturbating in class and getting away with it .
worst part was that it was the 1st class of the day and i promptly walked around school all day with something in my undergarments .
shit post tbh but anythings better than endless posts about finding lights in the ground that look like the powers that b
my problem with the sole solution of eugenic breeding is that it does n't address the immediate problems with european pathological altruism .
it is clear to me that the great cultural misstep of the 1960s was allowing this pathology to develop in earnest .
there must be some counter cultural pressure to reverse the flow before long term eugenic evolution will be put on a healthy path .
if you seriously want to give it another go i would recommend trying some marriage counselling or at least a 3rd party .
someone or something that will allow both of you to talk it out with interrupting or twisting anything either of you say quite often bad communication can cause a lot more problems than you realise there could be more underlying issues other than money that she is not happy about .
and i dare say there are various things you would like to say to her without interruption as well .
there is a big difference between talking things though and actual fighting and arguing .
if your not both up for going though a process like that then personally as much as it would make both of you sad i would end it .
you do n't need to break the family up though .
when i was younger my mom and dad split up but they were both still always around a lot .
neither of them tried to control or have possession over me even though they hated each others guts for a time .
but even with that happening i never even knew exactly what happened until i was much older as they were both just there always for me .
remember the kids are very important and should come first in this situation .
but if your both just fighting and living in horrible situation then none of you you your wife or your kids gain any benefit from anything you will all be more miserable .
have you submitted in writing your objection to this ?
have you asked for specific demands that they have responded to ?
you said you want to ask for a hotel room '' but you have n't .
if you have proof they are n't making reasonable consideration of lessee 's living conditions '' you might have a case where you could get an injunction to delay the construction until they meet your accommodations .
given that they probably already have the contractors hired and all that they would probably meet them if they 're facing a court injunction .
eg it would cost them less to make you go away than fight it .
however a threat of an injunction does n't mean anything until you do something about it .
you were very correct i updated the op with more info .
first game was new vegas and when i got to the boomers the fuckers keep shelling me i must have to do something else before i can visit them .
so i pretty much ended doing everything else and did n't visit them i found out later you just have to run through the field wtf ?
also if you could only choose one perk to get and why is it here and now ? ''
the less charitable way to describe busing is to take kids out of good schools and mix them in with bad schools to bring the average up .
busing is n't the best thing for all kids .
specifically it 's bad for kids who are white or well off .
good luck winning that battle you 're gon na need it .
secondly there is nothing that is the wrong way '' about not going to college .
we have to eradicate this idea that if someone does n't go to college they failed at life .
as far as learning they are n't smart enough '' well ... they may not be .
by the age of 16-18 it is n't too difficult to ascertain by and large who the smart kids are .
the students almost always know themselves more or less where everyone including themselves stand in regards to scholastic ability .
some people are not college material and it 's ok for people to learn this and to deal with it .
i do not understand who benefits from ignoring this fact except those that offer non-dischargeable student loans .
for reference i got my 02 a4 1.8t for 3000 with 170,000 miles on it .
it 's certainly in great condition by my standards after a bit of detailing and had records of some of the big maintenance problems that were done recently so i think i got a good deal on it .
for an 09 to be priced close to that there 's absolutely no doubt in my mind that the car needs an entire motor or tranny or even both .
either that or the owner made a mistake in the listing price and forgot a 1 in front of the 4800 .
do you by chance have a link to the ad ?
there is a large caucasian expat community in zambales north luzon north of manila in barrio barretto next to subic a former american naval facility .
barrio barretto is a long semi-white beach with apartments and hotels .
it 's not 5 star and the beach is ok but for 500 usd a month i think you 'll be fine right there .
you can rent a house ... it wo n't be a villa but it 'll be clean and simple .
the natives are used to foreigners so they wo n't mind much if you go walking around .
the farther up north luzon you go the better the beaches and the cheaper it is to live in .
but it gets more remote so if evening partying is your thing places like la union pangasinan ilocos sur ilocos norte wo n't be for you .
lot of beach communities south of manila too ... cebu visayas and mindanao islands .
look at a map of the philippines and any island below luzon will have a beach community .
but i ca n't reliably recommend a specific area there as i have little experience south of luzon isand where i live .
the philippines has lots of beaches ... some developed some not .
the trick is to find a beach that 's somewhere in between due to the limited budget .
because you got the wrong permalink it should be http coltsteelstallion.deviantart.com/art/sweet-dreams-350141864
it has been reposted at least twice probably a lot more times given how old it is
frankly turn10 owes me 10-15 for playing that game as far as i 'm concerned .
calling it a glorified super beta would n't be much of an overstatement .
save up for a month or two and just get forza 6 .
can we please get a gif of james with the fireball ? ! ?
i did love the crowd erupting when he finally made in a free throw in the 4th .
bishop sister insert name here he 's a priesthood holder .
so i 'm going to believe him and the church will back him .
yea definitely doc puts him in for his cute smile .
just wait in line and right as they are about to open the doors pause a moment take a deep breath and then drop your pants to take a dump right at the door step then walk off like nothing happened .
ahas sort of de-scale your skin so they are exfoliating off the external layers so that the contents can come to the surface .
this can result in purging into whiteheads or just undramatically releasing from the skin when you oil cleanse etc .
i 'm half asleep and i hope this answer still makes sense in the morning .
the sun would light the entire earth up and would only disappear over the horizon if it was within our atmosphere and even then it would still give massive amounts of light that would illuminate high altitude clouds .
also you can see the sun illuminating the underside of clouds as it approaches the horizon and disappears .
i swear the reddit army is the fucking worst community .
they could have made more cards good and some cards not extremely op p blizzard pls ...
single stacks are simpler for a lot of reasons .
that being said it looks like the magazine was an adaptation for the gun .
alice is also cuddled up on the other side .
learning how the myth of god is institutionalized and perpetuated was about the same as learning about the myth of santa claus .
i did n't stop believing in santa claus because i saw some evidence .
i stopped believing because i figured out how the wool is pulled over the eyes of millions of people children .
likewise after i learned the mechanisms of religious hoax and how humans are instinctively drawn to and trusting of religious authority i transcended that human weakness .
i no longer believe in anything supernatural for two reasons 1 there is no empirical evidence only scads of anecdotal evidence and 2 i understand why it 's completely natural for humans to yearn for the supernatural .
not only do i not believe i no longer wonder if i 'm missing something because so many other people do believe .
well in microsoft 's defence it was already almost unusable on windows 10 .
yep aeon current logo looks very good i see no reason to change again .
wo n't the mineral oil affect the beer though ?
i think i 'll warm up to it eventually .
it is an excellent sauce considering it does not use extract .
i was surprised at how mild it was since it is supposed to be the same heat or hotter than dave 's ghost pepper sauce .
i think that dave 's ghost pepper sauce is much hotter and has a nice smokey flavor although it does use extract .
that defense is legit and that offense is gritty .
i 've watched several of their games this year and they are very good .
cowboys are going to be good when romo and dez are back if they can just hang in until playoffs .
i would n't bet against sea turning their defense around as the season goes on just like last year .
i really thought we 'd be fine when he went down .
obviously a loss but i thought we 'd adjust well enough .
i did n't really have too many lingering questions regarding monogatari at this point but damn that was a very nicely laid out thought-provoking view of the whole 'darkness ' lot .
enough so that i feel a re-watch of a couple arcs at least coming on .
i find it hilarious that people no longer want to play the game fallout fucking 4 because of the graphics .
just because a game is beautiful it can still be a piece of shit 0/10 storyline/gameplay .
games are judged based on their gameplay not the texture resolution .
at least they should be but we live amung a fucked up generation of gamers .
1 why would they be lying about the bill 's support ?
2 why do you think they knew it would get vetoed ?
3 even if they did what is the good reason that it would/should get vetoed ?
4 why do you think they did n't actually want it to pass ?
5 they authored it everyone voted for it it generates lots of tax revenue they all look great .
6 why would the failure of the bill make them look good ?
because they can say to supporters i voted for it blame the governor '' and to non supporters hey i knew he 'd veto it those suckers think i 'm one of them but you guys know better '' .
they talk to the governor or at least their speaker/whip does and passes the word along .
they never veto they have n't since '79 or something .
others in their party wanted to seem unified but did n't think it was fair for that area to get the extra money .
others in the other party did n't want it but again wanted 1 .
one person authored it it was for his district it does n't generate any tax revenue for the state .
i agree they did it to all look great '' .
the governor takes the blame knowing full well that the position is one of popularity not of political rigor .
i use an okr 10 box and use the .06ohm coil in the tank .
i run it around 4 volts and get around 16 hours of use off of my samsung 25r batteries all the while getting satisfying performance out of the tank itself .
i 'll take it all the way up to 6 volts from time to time for fun but it 's way too much .
i highly suggest the herakles if you are looking for a subohm tank .
they are priced very well and have a .02ohm option if that is your thing .
i did n't watch the first 3 quarters of the game but i figured the rain had an impact on it too .
i do n't want 3 primetime games in a row .
especially not at lambaeu so i 'm not complaining .
that 's an interesting situation but i think you are in a far better position than i am .
the fact that your wife is more or less passively lds does work to your advantage .
maybe do n't even say you do n't believe any more dw felt like the floor was coming apart under her .
just say that you have some doubts and have her go through them with you .
polyandry is a good one because it 's jarring and people are not told about js doing that much less polygamy .
if she reacts with interest then you might just be able to help her see the light but just take it slow .
it all came too fast for my wife but my wife was super tbm .
so as long as you two are on the same page then you 're in a great spot .
my wife ran home to even more uber tbm mommy and daddy away from her apostate husband .
something that helped my wife a little bit was talking to the bishop with her i obviously did n't say anything absurd like i want to be mormon again but we just talked about my doubts and problems i 've had with the church .
since my wife really struggles with conflict and stressful situations it was helpful for her to hear what i have gone through from the perspective of an observer .
even the fact that you do n't have kids works for you because at least if she has some crazy panic attack and runs away then you can sign the papers say bye and have no residual issues except for your dw being an ungrateful bitch of course but i 'm still a little bitter
just be honest to yourself be honest to your wife and let the cards fall where the will .
i know this is old but would you be able to add me ?
has it ever been possible to be a melee player in fallout or elder scrolls ?
i tried being a monk '' karate guy once in es but was n't very fun .
okay pelicans are injury riddled x2 and harden was nursing a post-kardashian hangover .
the thing is that i do n't have to rely on 3rd party program to do that .
it 's just there on your desktop and phone .
i plan to share what i have tomorrow once i 've polished the first few chapters a bit more .
just a bunch of people acting like 12 year olds about the graphics
they probably see co-op campaign in the same way bungie sees destiny raids no matchmaking because they want people to communicate and work together .
not something that happens on a regular basis with mm in my experience .
many people thought gambit with cabo forgiven would come top 4 in summer .
this sub borders on being overwhelmed by black metal already .
looting west berenzino on the hills and was n't finding any loot .
seemed weird that i was n't even finding items not normally picked up .
happened to look to the sky and noticed above many buildings loot hovering .
seems like some areas may have the coordinates skewed for where loot should spawn .
i 'd take it that 's like either two pre owned copies of mass effect 3 or half of a new one since the one i got like kinda shat out and gives a disc read error somewhere on disc 2 the surface actually looks weird too wasnt there at first till i played a bit and i ca n't really install it cause low hd space .
so hey if you 're willing to contribute to the commander shepard pre-owned revival fund then fuck it .
as the guy below me says too that 's also like seven mcchickens yes .
gamer 's dilemma do i eat for seven days or buy a game ?
in that link the 2500k at 3.3 ghz had 28 frames per second .
that is a 40 increase in frames from overclocking .
hey there all could someone help me by sending me a image file with as many pokemon blue yellow and red most authentic looking labels on to one single page ?
i have a single adhesive page i 'd like to use/test out but do n't know the exact dimensions .
leave your paypal email and i will send you a buck or so for your time !
for a little under six years she has been by my side through thick and thin .
always had my back and always supported me in good times and bad times .
such a great friend but not very a good person and i have come to realize that i do n't like her .
went to parties together and all that shit her boyfriend was a buddy of mine and my girlfriend was her buddy .
the four of us as well as about 12 other people were unstoppable and we were great .
started getting black out drunk every single night and made a fool of herself .
we fucking loved her and we took care of her .
we always made sure she would be home safe and nothing bad ever happened .
for several years everybody always saw the good things about her .
she just kept getting drunk all day all night .
only difference is we could handle ourselves and pace ourselves .
it was fine at first but got really tiring .
her boyfriend got sick of her shit and broke up with her after 3 years of constantly being by her side and looking after her .
after two years she lost a lot of friends .
for the longest time she was the most loved person in town .
everyone knew who she was and everyone loved her and respected her especially me .
well after losing all of her friends except for me my girlfriend and two other people she got really depressed .
she 's working a full time job supporting both her mother and grandmother .
she has n't gotten black out drunk in a fucking long time .
whenever i come to see her to hang out we do n't do anything .
we just sit there and drink and i watch her smoke cigarettes .
there was a time several years ago when that would be fine with me .
so over the years i 've started to realize that we have nothing in common .
i 'm wondering now why we even became such good friends in the first place .
we used to have an amazing and strong friendship and i love her but there 's like nothing left .
over the years i have watched her lose so many other friends in such a short time span .
i 've seen her cry because so many people that she loves have decided to end all contact with her .
i got mad at those friends for abandoning her but at the same time i totally understand .
she 's slowly killing herself and they do n't want to see that .
they do n't want to support her slow death .
so i 've been at her side and talked to her and supported her .
she cried on my fucking shoulder and i stayed there with her promising i will never abandon her .
but i 've realized that all the advice i 've given her went unheard .
she does n't listen to a word i say .
but as the months went by i 've started to lose interest in her .
all she does sit on her porch smoke cigarettes and drink beer and gossip .
she talks about who is dating who or who is a terrible person .
always has something to say to bring me down .
so i 've started seeing her less and less and less .
i 'm sorry i just ca n't keep sitting there and fucking gossip .
well turns out last year she only saw me like 4 or 5 times .
she got real mad at me for not being around .
i promised not to be like everyone else and abandon her .
i still call her my best friend but i do n't want to or even have to the time to sit there and fucking talk about meaningless bullshit .
but i promise that i still fucking love her .
i love her but i do n't like her .
i feel terrible about it but i refuse to end our long lasting friendship .
i refuse to abandon her like so many other people have .
she 's had diabetes for several months now and is in constant severe pain .
lost every friend that she has at the time when she needs the companionship and support the most .
her mom has called our mutual friends saying that she cries every day because nobody has come to see her in months .
we have hit her up saying we want to hang out but she says i do n't want you to see me this way . ''
my friend is dying now and i do n't know what to do .
i do n't even like her as a person anymore but i ca n't just leave her .
but i do n't want to watch her die slowly in front of me .
i know i 'll hate myself if/when she does die for not being there for her .
i lost all respect that i had for her two years ago .
tl/dr my best friend as well as everyone else 's slowly drank her way out of every friendship .
i refuse to end our friendship but i do n't like her as a person anymore .
now she 's about to die and i feel like a horrible person for not being there for her .
since obt started i have n't been able to sign in on the website and it actually locked my email out on it so i ca n't use it .
i ca n't even sign in to file a ticket for support .
it just tells me they have some kind of internal error .
is there any fixes i can try to get it going on my end ?
or maybe someone from obsidian can give me a hand with it .
whenever my library updates i get a bunch of could n't download information .
i 've read it can be a naming issue but i 've checked every file possible and nothing is named incorrectly .
i am trying to track down a current user guide for edgeos .
i just got the er-pro8 for work and the user guide linked from ubiquiti 's downloads page has n't been updated in at least two versions .
considering the amount that seems to have changed—qos was n't even a menu item—it would really be helpful to have a current version .
i 'm just upgrading an older pc so that it 's ready for fallout 4 come next week .
if gaming what kind of performance are you looking for ?
just to upgrade my gtx 460 to a 970 .
d d was causing kids to murder and commit suicide !
this news '' clip goes out of its way to paint d d as a evil horrible mind twisting game .
we are seeing the same kind of news '' stories about video games today .
the rallying cry for the petty authoritarian then was think of the children ! ''
today we see the same petty authoritarians but the cry has changed to think of the women !
watch to the end where we see that cbs 's expert '' got into some legal trouble .
edit derp i 'm new to how reddit works ... here 's the link
post light level below and class and know the no knight strat .
my sister 's boyfriend is working on a construction project and is staying at a hotel an hour away .
he invited us all out to his hotel to go swimming in the pool .
i brought shower supplies because the obvious thing to do after swimming is shower .
he said it was disrespectful to want to take a shower in his hotel room after swimming .
he said it 's disrespectful because i have my own house to shower in .
i asked him why he would invite us swimming if we could n't shower afterward ?
he said that pool water is clean enough that i could just put on my dry clothes and drive the hour home and shower .
not only is pool water gross and smelly it 's fucking cold out .
and he was all worried about what his boss would think .
um you invited four people to swim in a pool that was only for registered guests .
you do n't think your boss would have a problem with that ?
why is that not a problem but my showering is ?
and apparently nobody else was concerned about showering after swimming either so i was alone .
or worse ... if a streamer is getting swatted and they see payday 2 ...
it does n't have to be one person specifically and feel free to say what team they would be a great fit for .
1 david used to have a z visa with a residence permit active until end of november .
2 david now has a new business visa and wants to get this extended in country .
question is this should david try and get his residence permit cancelled ?
originally he was going to let it expire on its own but now he wants to extend the f visa and worried that the non-cancelled rp will impact the extension process .
also worried that raising the cancellation now would incur a fine .
1 dont try and cancel rp and keep fingers crossed on extension .
2 try to cancel rp and risk fine for not cancelling it earlier .
hello dpp i am looking for girls that are literate and looking for a long term rp partner .
i am interested in doing any roleplays that you guys want buy i only have one requirement that i play as the male .
my kinks are raceplay especially asian women worship you worship my dick cuckolding oral anal impregnation ageplay bdsm light bondage light clothing bimbos .
we can do an rp based on any of these kinks .
i am a teacher at a school a very special type of school .
i am a teacher at cum-dump academy where we teach young teen girls of all ethnicities to grow up into proper cum-dumps so they can please their men later in life .
at our secret academy the teachers are assigned 5 girls to be their students for the next 5 years .
these teachers make sure they go through the full curriculum of our school and if they need to they will go through ap classes .
as you can guess by the title i 'd for you to play either one bimbo or a whole harem of them .
we can discuss this one more if you 'd like .
this is a prompt about me cuckolding your husband .
this will follow the usual cuckolding ideas but with a twist .
to make your husband a complete cuckold you and i have decided to teach your daughter in your foot steps .
when she reaches a certain age which can be discussed in pm 's she will serve me alongside you .
you can play either just the wife just the daughter or both .
if you would like to rp anything from this post please pm me !
i am also interested and available to rp any of your ideas .
also if you 'd like to rp this prompt pictures of your character will help me greatly .
do n't be afraid about sending me a message even if you see this a year later i 'll still reply .
a few months ago i remember seeing 'collection posts ' featuring clear presumably acrylic tiered shelves inside ikea 's glass detolf cases .
does anybody own such a stand if not does anybody remember one of these posts and is able to link it ?
i was n't happy with the seasoning on my lodge so i put it in the oven self clean cycle and it came out with bare metal .
from there i rubbed it with crisco and then wiped it out .
put it in the oven for 15 minutes and then took it out and wiped it out again .
it had a nice even black finish after that .
so i decided to see if it passed the egg test '' .
i got a scrubber out and cleaned the pan with warm water and a bit of soap .
dried it and then added a bit of oil .
and it seems like some of the spots where the egg stuck turned a darker black .
i also left it on the burner a bit too long .
my old pan seasoning same pan got super smokey .
i thought if i seasoned it properly i could avoid that .
as a result it got kind of a darker circle where my electric burner sits .
since then i tried another seasoning cycle in the oven .
i 'm guessing it 'll even out with time but would it expedite the process if i started over again ?
we all know the pistons need to sure up the bench to not only have a chance in the playoffs but to have a shot in the regular season .
we can not rely on our starters to play almost 40 minutes every game we would be asking for injuries .
so lets talk who you would like to see .
wether it be by trade free agent signing or d-league call up what would you like to see ?
i remember being in high school and commenting on religious debate videos .
i thought richard dawkins and christopher hitchens were assholes and got into heated arguments with atheists in the comments .
it makes me laugh now to think that i was that christian guy defending religion and saying that you could n't prove there isn't a god blah blah blah .
basically 94 entries can be hand written and mailed so under 50 for stamps and the possibility of points can be 47,000 points .
i know it 's not the usual churning but could be easy points .
i will plan to send 5 once the window opens on 11/15 since it seems to be a quick turn around of 5 business days to receive an invite to their game .
i 've seen this work well with victoria secret secret reward cards so hopefully it maybe that easy .
edit buy stamps with ap at walgreens or staples ! !
i 've been having a little trouble with my routine since getting pregnant it 's like having a stranger 's skin .
and on top of that i ca n't use some of my favorite products anymore .
lots of redness and closed comedones that decide to go nuclear at random .
so i quit my non-ab aha thinking it was to blame and everything except the redness gets so much worse !
needless to say i 'm writing this during my 20 min .
i 'd love to hear your story of a time you thought you were making a well thought out adjustment to your routine with disastrous results so i know i 'm not alone .
you could say dumbest reason one of your friends dropped one .
been watching this fall until this point ... crazy cheap .
me moan '' is his second record his first for sub pop .
dude is certainly unique that deep voice really makes an impression .
fatchinese already made a post about favorite translations http favoritetranslations.com .
which was subsequently taken down/made private by its owner .
i ran into another website novel portal http novelportal.xyz which also copies and pastes translations from other websites .
as of now it has battle through the heavens zhan long the great ruler legendary moonlight sculptor shen yin wang zuo and tate no yuusha no nariagari .
the website does have links to the original translators ' website .
edit it hosts ads and seems to be related to mangapark http http mangapark.me .
after a hot pre-season john has been been played maybe 5 minutes .
im sure there is a reason but i would just like to know .
pysonix i just 16 rank points in each of 2 doubles matches in a row after leaving a match once a teammate had been disconnected for being afk .
the worst thing is i was paired up with the same ps4 each match .
i thought there was n't supposed to be a penalty when you left after a teammate had ?
and what happened to banning someone from matchmaking after they had left a match ?
will buy and give you any steam game for gta v xbox one
taking a cisco course for my associates right now and i know that subnetting is supposed to be one of the most basic concepts but i just ca n't get it .
do you have any tips or tricks you used to get subnetting down that you would like to share ?
ign tsm tysser or you can message me here .
really wanting to play before the season ends in about a week .
is there any news on the release of the dubbed version of episode 12 ?
i frequently find myself wanting a salute at these home games and maybe i just dont see them on he broadcast or something and i 've never been to a game at mile high .
i just feel like that brings a lot of attitude and respect for the fans that make our football culture so great .
am i the only orange and blue blooded horselord that feels this way ?
i keep seeing posts for lost/found animals and it frustrates me to no end when the findee never mentions getting the animal scanned .
most responsible pet-owners these days have their animals chipped .
to not check it for chips ... . blarf .
if you find a stray check on the houses in the area that you found it most of the time the animals stick close to home .
but if that does n't pan out you should take it to the department of animal services .
i 've been to a couple and they 're very nice and well-maintained .
further you can actually drop an animal off at the dept under your own name so you can call and check up on it to see if it 's owners have come to collect it .
it 's good to post on reddit about it but i guarantee you 'll have a greater likelihood of finding it 's owners if you take it to the dept .
something like this would be interesting to see premise some monster demon ?
gets bored and decides to make one of those found footage horror movies that people seem to like .
so he grabs a camera finds a few people and starts terrorizing/killing them .
now the monster does n't do it because he hates people he does n't do it because must kill all humans '' .
he does it because it makes for a good movie and because to it the humans are just another thing to play with kind of like when people take fleas and make a flea circus '' .
the monster would obviously know there is a camera and narrate certain things as well as explain his actions to the audience since he is planning on actually releasing it as a movie the monster varies people 's death while some may be especially bad he does n't torture without a reason like luring people into a trap by using wounded person .
he does n't actually enjoy the killing but has no negative emotions about it either .
what he does like seeing is how people fight back similar to jigsaw 's games .
while the monster would have no end goal he might let some humans survive simply because he liked the way they fought back or because they exhibited behavior that actually made the monster decide it would be interesting to set up a separate round two to try to break '' those survivors but letting them go in the meantime .
the actual personality would be a very calm intelligent and even likable character .
unlike many villains that appear that way the monster is never revealed to be sadistic or crazy because he isnt .
he would simultaneously not care about humans like humans dont care about stepping on ants while being capable of being impressed by their actions and accomplishments .
the monster would even be fair when if he actually watches a human struggle with some challenge he presents the monster could talk into the camera making a bet with the audience that if the human does succeed the human is free to go and then actually upholding the bet .
you can even have the audience wonder if the monster is human or not for the whole movie maaaaybe having him be lethally injured at the end and surviving humans escape .
he then gets up picks up the camera explains that he is letting them go because he is pretty impressed they managed to just kill '' him and goes to publish the movie online .
geargia is back with geargiagear at 3 so this sub was made .
i come from ecuador but live in the usa i 'm age 37 .
when i was about 6 or 7 people used to confuse me as a girl all the time which embarrassed my mom to no end .
i liked being called a girl but i did n't know what i was feeling or thinking no internet back then .
my body was and is still feminine and they took me to a doctor to give me testosterone injections for months but all it did was help me give me facial and body hair .
after that we moved to usa and my parents told me i had to be different to fit in america .
i had made a concerted effort to suppress these feelings and for a while i had beaten this problem .
i was a running back for the football team had girlfriends drank a lot was a good student .
even got a partway college scholarship for football at college .
of course i would have these feelings from time to time and would repress them .
i would think in spanish yo soy una mujer '' .
sadly i had a complete tear of my acl junior year and that was the end of my football dream .
the therapy and medical techniques today make it not an automatic career ender like it was 10 15 years ago .
i was so depressed but my parents were proud since i did my best and set a good example for my siblings .
i did n't exercise anymore did n't care anymore all my hard work was for nothing .
my weight went from 190 and fit to 260 and fat but my figure looked even more feminine due to the excess weight and fat .
i did n't know anything about transgenderism but all i knew about was drag so i started going to drag shows and eventually became part of the shows .
despite my weight i noticed my thoughts while never going away these feelings did n't bother me like they did in college or high school with the discomfort i felt in the mirror .
i found out later when you 're overweight/obese your testosterone can be cut up to almost in half so maybe that was the reason .
i had to do this in secret because it would be disaster if my family found out .
i was in drag shows for years on and off and it was a source of fun for me met a lot of great people .
i noticed that a lot of queens '' had real breasts that were n't fake or pushup they explained to me about hormones and you had to go to a special doctor for a prescription for them .
so about 3 years ago i finally went to one of these doctors and was unfortunately diagnosed with gender dysforia of the moderate to strong degree .
i did n't want this but i was glad to have a name to what i felt all this time .
a few months after that i was prescribed hormones .
i 've been on a hormone regimen for almost two years now .
my breasts went to 40 dd and my testosterone estrogen levels are close to in line with a genetic woman .
the issue is while i am more comfortable with my body i keep having these infrequent but recurring doubts that this is a mistake or if i am really a woman that this is the right path for me .
another thing is i do n't present as a woman in order to spare my mom 's feelings .
my father is gone now and my mom is 71 ca n't drive anymore and needs a cane so i live with her for that peace of mind .
i wear unisex clothes but have a closet full of women 's clothes while i 've exclusively worn panties and bras for the past few years to have some comfort in my attire .
i am a woman i feel that i am and i want to present as one but i have doubts that i am not sometimes and i want to respect my family .
i feel that i should just get on with it and be me but not sure how to approach my mother .
not to mention why do i have doubts i am not female when i feel i am one ?
where did you put it and how did you mount it ?
after seeing some people who had mag-lites mounted in their xterra i decided to buy some clips and do it myself .
however i am having a hard time finding a definitive guide online as to how to mount them .
i would like to mount mine on the driver side door but am worried that with the stock equipment just the screws it will come loose over time with opening and shutting the door .
if anyone has door mounted one with nuts/bolts/washers how easy was the process removing the door panel ?
i 've seen some guides online and it seems a little daunting all just to mount a flashlight .
my verizon v10 uses the headphone mic as i found out today when i was talking to a friend .
first android phone i used that were somewhat compatable with apple headphones .
i 'm tired of for glory thousands of matches with lag spikes and ragers will do to ya .
so i take to reddit for you lovelies to friend me .
captain falcon mains ... are a pieve but i do n't discriminate
i just finished all the way through which surprised me after having never finished a game of ck2 in 300 hours a castille spain game where i dominated colonization but did n't do much in europe until way late game when france was weak and then during the revolution .
ended up second in score mostly from trade ottos were first by the time i could do anything they had blobbed like hell .
anyway i 'm looking to play a second game but i hope understandably i 'd like to play with an outline of what to do which i do n't have the skill to come up with on my own yet and a lot of what i 've found googling has been out of date .
i 'm not sure what i want to play other than definitely not wanting to do much colonizing .
france or ottos maybe when i 've played france i 've been overwhelmed by all of my neighbors and the ottos war a shitton and i do n't really know how to manage manpower .
the hre scares me and i would n't know where to start in eastern europe .
the doctor basically gave me a brace and said lets see where your at in a month .
im not a active person i dont play sports and my hobbies are n't typically active .
that does not mean i wouldnt wan na get out one day for a hike or go paintballing with some friends here and there .
my job has a good mount of walking at times .
im 25 and im afraid the decision to go the surgical route is ultimately going to be up too me .
a week later after injury i have no pain in my knee it just feels weak at times .
i have a small limp but i think its more due to my calve muscles being on fire for over compensating the past week .
i really dont want to get surgery and was hoping someone could shed some light on the subject .
my leg is getting better each day and i dont want to make stupid decision and hurt my self even more .
and about 17:00 they talk about anime related skins and stuff then they talk about sun wukong and dragon ball z fdot says wukong is pretty badass going super saiyan and stuff '' and then kelly says sun wukong does n't do that yet ... ''
i mean i know it 's a small thing but can be related to the tier 5 skin ?
hello i recently started dabbling in the battle pet market trying to shuffle between servers with limited success .
i 'm still trying to figure out what the strong movers are .
pets seem to hold their value but the sales come slow .
my question is with the pet battle event are their any particular pets i can power level in advance for some quick sales ?
thinking about getting a v10 this week but online accessories for it on the tmo website are scant .
does tmo sell a tempered glass screen protector in store for it ?
i would prefer to have them install one before i leave the store and prefer not having to go somewhere else to get one installed for me i hate doing them myself .
just wondering who here gets really weak legs and a frazzled brain after sex ?
i do n't even have to orgasm i just feel this way when the sex session goes for more that 15 minutes .
my band released an album a couple weeks ago and i 've already found at least half a dozen sites on the web that are giving it away for free some on music websites some on torrents .
we 're a pretty small independent band so these illegal downloads effect us more than people probably realize .
i know that this is just the realities of our day and age but how should i feel about this ?
has some good come out of torrents/etc for your band ?
me and my friend were having a discussion on her acne she generally has none until it 's around her period then she gets them all around her chin .
i generally believe your acne has to do with diet and facial cleanliness as well as hormones .
now you can clean your face and eat better to fix those acne problems but you ca n't really put off your period unless you like get your uterus removed or something ... but doing that for a few pimples would be crazy .
but is there anything that makes period acne worse/more prevelant or is it something you just got ta wait out ?
skin type combination routine washes face usually daily uses basic soap not facial soap occasionally leaves makeup on overnight eats 90 healthy
so this girl and i are into each other and want to date .
i was thinking that she could speak to her parents about meeting me ?
my nexus 6 decided to stop charging oh and it has some burn in on screen .
decided to rma it through motorola not google play .
now i forgot to relock the bootloader but i 'm actually on stock non-rooted .
so did anybody with an unlocked nexus 6 able to get it replaced or did they actually refuse the phone ?
not sure whether it 's appropriate for this sub i do have a question in relation to the t cs which seem to lack a definition of repair '' under repair or cleaning fees section .
the question i have is if a driver third party provider is involved in a car crash would n't the user technically be open to liability ?
since repair '' does n't seem to be defined anywhere .
not beating a dead horse here but i just barely missed basalt and to rub it in i got light mammoth from my last l/d scroll .
emma was a backup plan so i just pumped 3 devilmon into her then noticed her cd on skill 3 was changed somehow i totally missed her nerf until now .
also for consideration shannon which somehow i 've avoided 6*ing i have a mass of mammoths saved up for skilling my could have been basalt .
currently stuck on toa 80 hard and feel that a def buff is all i need to pass my other toa hard mons used are baretta veromos thrain hwadam aria ahman jamire verd hwa braind benard bella chloe and chasun all with pretty good 5 6 maxed runes as you see my selection is really good just no defense buffers .
is it smart to take bio 65 and chem 1a in the same semester ?
a senior in high school who did n't do anything exciting his first three years of hs because he spent weekends with his junkie sisters kids who did n't have many people does n't have to fill that void anymore and just goes off the wall and just does whatever he wants orders pizza to school participates in pranking and which goes horribly wrong tries to get the girl but does n't cause she is dating an older guy and other shenanigans
my mothers car auto trans has an intermittent issue of losing power to the wheels when i shift into drive .
the car will roll even when i slam on the gas pedal.i shift into park and i shut down the car immediately .
when i go to turn the car back on it usually cranks longer than it should to start and then i get power to my wheels again .
so decided to try my hand at mining tonight and am so so confused .
so i went to a metal rich belt in wolf 1301 just to try it out .
hit a rock with a prospector and then zapped it with my lasers .
fragments started falling off and so i deployed a collector .
so i deployed a new collector the next five time it only collected one item and then nothing i had to deploy a new collector .
why do some of them collect multiple fragments while some only one ?
if i look at it right now refinery shows indite refined and below it gallite and then an arrow which i 'm assuming is the vent button .
why ca n't i put this in my cargo ?
below this it shows palladium 66 with a vent button silver 74 etc etc each with a vent button .
cargo currently shows indite 1 silver 1 gold 2 bertrandite 1 palladium 1 and limpet 5 .
i 'm really really confused and could use some guidance .
documentation says 8 channels at a time can be controlled .
i ca n't for the life of me figure out how to get it to control any aside from the first 8 .
is it normal for diabetics to have ringing in the ear more frequent ?
i killed 9 devastating creatures of zaros all named nex .
for me it 's actually easier to try and draw the gesture for a moving form and get across that this is a living thing .
however whenever i try to draw someone sitting or standing in a nonmoving pose it becomes really difficult to make them look lifelike not just a weirdly oriented statue .
tried this with spamming a ton of shots and firing shotgun and firing singles left and right .
i ca n't find anything about this trinket online but i randomly started with it .
i 'll update you with it 's affects if i find them .
edit it gives me flies when i shoot poops .
i read some parts of the wiki depending on if the bold part seemed relevant and glanced through others .
i still have some questions and i apologize if they were answered in the wiki .
i 've started running and i 'm going to try to make it a daily thing for 20-30 minutes when i wake up before i shower .
i 've completely stopped snacking on stuff like chips .
i eat about 2 meals a day sometimes 3 .
i 've completely stopped drinking sodas for a while now .
the only snack thing i will eat is an apple or something like that .
i 'm 195 pounds 5'11 i 'm not like obese or anything .
i just have a tiny bit of a belly and a little bit of flab on my chest that i 'm looking to get rid of .
i eat really inconsistently i tried to add up the calories from what i ate today as accurately as i could and it was at about 1105 .
according to one of the calculators and if i plan to run daily for 20-30 min. i will need to eat 2943 to maintain 2354 for fat loss 1766 for extreme fat loss .
how much i ate today is no where near those numbers .
will i still see the results i 'm looking for ?
is it unhealthy to be eating that low of calories and working out for 20-30 minutes everyday ?
do i need to make that extra step and start being consistent with meals and planning meals etc ?
a lot of that seemed a bit overwhelming with all the information i was reading .
will i achieve what i 'm looking for without doing that ?
is there a time of day that is better for me to run or anything ?
is it bad for me to exercise first thing in the morning or right before i go to bed ?
ultimately at this point my goals from running are to get shed some fat that 's on my body have more energy and try and be healthier .
i 'm looking to lose the little bit of a belly that i have in addition to some other places that i have a little bit of fat .
i imagined this being way more organized and concise but i 've been a bit distracted while trying to type this up .
so i pre ordered fo4 on amazon months ago and since it 's finally almost time to ship i 'm pretty excited especially since i was lucky enough to get the pip boy edition .
although i have a concern see they 're saying it does n't ship until the 6th so does that mean amazon will take the money on the 6th ?
i do n't get paid until the 7th so i was wondering if i do n't have enough funds will they just cancel my order or do they give me a grace period to provide the money ?
i mean when i check the info it says just shipping nothing about any payment so did amazon already take the money ?
i 'm actually kinda worried so any help would be very helpful
edit i accidentally said it was time to shit instead of ship .
i just wanted to express my sincerest thanks to u/chairman__kaga for giving me a copy of this wonderful game in his last giveaway !
i just finished it and i would n't trade this experience for anything else .
you often think that you can just watch story based games on youtube but playing it yourself is just so much better .
so thank you u/chairman__kaga for giving me this chance as i would n't have played it without your help !
and big thanks to all of you here too for all your posts theories and polite discussions !
i 've actually deleted my giveaway posts because i was ashamed of my entry so do n't go looking for them now p
either steam or uplay copy i do n't mind .
a second act in volkswagen 's massive emissions scandal just began .
late on tuesday night vw group announced that the company had identified irregularities in co2 levels '' which had emerged as part of internal investigations .
as many as 800,000 vehicles could be affected across the entire group according to the release .
only need to finish off oryx so happy to jump in fresh or at any cp .
once again relaunching my server given the new ftb infinity evolved update .
status of server can be found at http jlinkpro.com/ftb if the server crashes this will also relaunch the server .
server can be joined with jlinkpro.com '' for address .
server is running 6 gb dedicated to ftb and sits on the main line in chicago .
i do not enjoy playing mod or using gamemode-1 i play 99 vanilla and only admin/mod for admin/mod reasons .
every player is given a single tp to far off somewhere if they would like and their spawn set to that location .
using your one tp to ask to be sent to a friend already on the server is encouraged .
if i have to track down your malfunctioning equipment that is loading and unloading chunks 100 times a second i 'll be inclined to just admin-bash the block .
turn your shit off before you log if you 'd like that not to happen .
please indicate if there is a specific world you 'd like to keep .
the only ban-worthy offenses are security-breaching/cracking against the server itself intentionally crashing the server camping spawn and hate speech .
no person i ca n't physically hit will ever have op privs .
if you die you lost it do n't ask me i 'm staying in gamemode-0 .
creative building may occasionally be allowed for myself and whatever players are on at the moment to work together on a server structure of some sort .
i will strip your inventory before and after gamemode-1 .
i 'm a programmer so the server tends to get tweaked as needed .
please let me know if you develop latency issues or if the server misses ticks .
if you have specific suggestions regarding mod configuration tell me specifically what file at what line and what value and i will consider it .
come on in it 's blacklist so anybody can join !
yes i know the flair says whitelist i meant blacklist it 's open
after killing a chaos dwarf it dropped a dragon pickaxe .
edit so it gave me greeds eyes and im gon na go kill greed and see what it does
edit did n't do anything but the donation machine goes past 109 now
because of the glass walls i think it would look ugly to put lots of builds up against the walls and it does n't look so good to put them in the middle of it so what should i put there ?
i 'm thinking of having a nether portal/mining shaft railway/hub in the middle where you also can walk down one or more levels where all the farms and storage will be .
the dome is 61x61 and 30 at the highest point .
i 've seen mumbo 's mini ice spikes biome but i do n't wan na copy that because i came up with the idea of the dome before i saw that .
now that halloween festival has come to an end i 've taken note on the substantial drop rate of items given in the trick or treat bags https wiki.guildwars2.com/wiki/trick-or-treat_bag .
compared to last years loot i was super content with the crazy amount of toilet paper https wiki.guildwars2.com/wiki/toilet_paper stacks that can fill a 20-bag slot .
that 's like a 1 year worth of supply you can relentlessly throw without feeling guilty at wvw !
now that i 've consumed up my paper rolls it 's time to stack up on some hygiene product toilet paper e-yes !
after a week 's worth of farming the drops were n't that great no luck for making a nightfury https wiki.guildwars2.com/wiki/nightfury_skin skin in time t.t and i feel something as mischievous as tossing ridiculous amounts of toilet papers would be something i 'll miss .
if possible next year can it be possible to create an item that has unlimited toilet paper rounds that you can toss endlessly .
forget rotten eggs toilet paper was the real prize of making wvw night runs fun .
i 'm a web developer and am in stoke newington for the rest of the week and i do n't know the area at all .
does anyone know of any desk space that i can work from nearby without any monthly commitment ?
the google campus is my plan b it 's a great place but it 's usually very full and i end up hunched over a workbench on something that only vaguely resembles a stool which is suitable for perching on while i devour a snack but not for buckling in and coding for a few hours straight .
you can not reason people out of a position that they did not reason themselves into
i think this statement is valid and to not fool myself into falling into the problem itself here is my reasoning
1. any argument you propose how strong it may be will be useless due to the person not accepting the argument as valid .
this could be used against me if i just dismiss your arguments as invalid
even if the person accepts an argument of any kind as valid they will dismiss the strenght as it opposes their beliefs .
if there were objectively valid and powerfull arguments to contradict the position it will not matter to the person due to their shown ability to withstand any kind of reasoning .
overall i conclude for myself that there is no chance to convince someone of a different position but their own if reason can not be used as a tool .
there are many examples for this kind of behaviour ben carson the patriotic movement '' in germany arish '' people and racists all over the world religious people .
my point is not to discredit religion if you happen to belief in some supernatural being im totally fine with this .
im concerned only for people who actively do choose .
which is why i put religion as the last part .
to be more specific i would differentiate three states of how to come to an position
passvily be accepting something already given without having the maturity to choose for yourself .
we 'd just like to remind you of a couple of things .
firstly please remember to read through our rules http www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules .
if you see a comment that has broken one it is more effective to report it than downvote it .
speaking of which downvotes do n't change views http www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/guidelines wiki_upvoting.2fdownvoting !
if you are thinking about submitting a cmv yourself please have a look through our popular topics wiki http www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/populartopics first .
feel free to message us http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/changemyview .
we 're starting to put together the plan for 2016 's divine intervention our charity proam tournament .
in the past we have supported child 's play and the american red cross but we wanted to get input from the community to see what charity we should support this year !
i like to collect all kind of things skins games steam level and now i want to get the gold coins in cs since my old post got removed because i mistyped on my steamcommunity link im opening this post now .
i want to get the gold coins in csgo i have some already but some tasks are just to hard or simply take a lot of time which i dont have .
edit i've already got a ton of achievments done its only those which need a lot of time or more players that are left so i would need help at those there are no maps to download for them ... i watched it .
and as i said if im online my friend are not and vice versa .
ive always been better wtih tears and now azazels short range brim with low damage and crap tear rate makes the lost easier in greed mode !
edit just realised that keys also dont appear in the shop over rocks anymore .
basically what was do you consider the best trigger point for getting properly fitted for clubs ?
is there a recommended handicap range say sub 10 ?
what if you want to change your swing a bit post fitting ?
or would you simply do it when you have the rare opportunity that you can afford it ?
this is a good source of info for us to know more about our candidates in the 2016 election .
though the camera used is crap we can still watch how our senators deliver their speeches/ideas .
so i got disabled from a music torrent tracker because i let me douche friend convince me into breaking the rules for him .
i have a friend who would be willing to give me their account .
can i use my same hardware or will they know ?
the game does feel a little unfinished though but perhaps that 's no longer an issue by the time you 're reading this .
if you can find the first appearance of bob you 'll win a free steam key for robot rescue revolution !
this is an article about a collection of artistic work .
about a woman who begins working in porn at 23 by choice and not because of external pressures .
i always have an interest and a concern in where the porn i watch is coming from .
for as long as i can remember looking at porn 1997 the only substantial guilt or shame i experienced was and is due to the human element .
how does this actress feel after having that happen .
is this impacting her life in a very negative way ?
i know it 's come up here sometimes actresses are clearly on a lot of drugs .
the rare times i stumble on to videos where i doubt consent was obtained i genuinely feel anxiety guilt and nuasea for weeks afterwards .
i do n't know what you 're meant to do either with regards reporting .
i think if porn was genuinely being aimed at a female demographic there would be more human interest info on the actors involved and i do think women would have an empathy towards the actors that would encourage more candid interviews .
linked from here http www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2015/nov/03/financial-crisis-corporate-power-george-monbiot to here http ec.europa.eu/trade/policy/in-focus/tisa and described as it could be used to force nations to accept new financial products and services to approve the privatisation of public services and to reduce the standards of care and provision .
it looks like the greatest international assault on democracy devised in the past two decades . ''
during a wootoff i got a samsung smart watch super excited to get it .
however about 10 minutes after ordering i realize that i input the address wrong by putting a 1 in place of a 7 .
18 hours later got a message saying that orders can only be changed within an hour or so of placing them .
as we all know fedex tells you that the shipper can only request changes .
and package is delivered to a neighbors house who is n't a nice guy and kept it .
now i am over a 100 ... over something their support did nothing for .
so naturally i found out ktane to be an awesome party game .
however to truly use it to its fullest with my friends and other non-gaming folks i 'd need it to be in my mother toungue instead so i decided that it 'd be worthy to translate it .
is there any place which we can find translated manuals and/or resources to do it by ourselves ?
i could use the fonts there and redo everything from scratch but a source file could also help .
also if there 's a centralized place for foreign language manuals that 'd be cool too .
it could even be a simple sticky in this sub aswell .
i want to sketch the complex the region of the complex plane specified by z-4+3i 5 .
i am to believe that this is a circle but i 'm not sure of the method to arrive at that conclusion and the points i need to put onto my sketch .
i was n't with any chance of buying players when black wednesday and i love market crashes as a player that never have liked to inves in packs ...
exact opposite for me tbh.. find 5-6/10 's crazy good for isk drops.. never had a escalation from doing normal sites.. ever..
they are literally explained five minutes after they showed up .
we polluted it and now its a chemical swamp '' .
so my guess is ... they poluted the earth and now its a chemical swamp .
i for myself start bitching when there is a valid reason for it after all the new stuff has been released .
is the movie so out of touch ... no it 's the doctors who are wrong .
graphics card has no effect on ping at all thats all your internet connection
unfortunately canadian dollar took too much of a hit .
30 is n't what it use to be anymore !
a lot of criticism come from mtg players and professionals like firebat and kibler .
hearthstone is the shittiest excuse of a competitive card game and considering all changes are tailored to casuals i 'm not even sure why you 're arguing that people become less casual .
also i 'm not sure why you replied since you did n't actually read my post at all .
awesome art i 'd love to have that in my city .
as this is not a formal venue you do n't have to always use white standard english in communicating
the other one is what the sith say the jedi code is .
be it propaganda or a true inability to understand the jedi code either way the ultimatums in every line give it away as the work of sith .
i was run over by an off duty police car 10 years ago .
ct scans mri scans front 4 teeth knocked out and re built and replaced .
2 weeks worth of in-patient medical care attention food and entertainment .
yeah they tried to use benzema and he tried to warn/help him i guess that 's the most probable case because why the fuck would he try to blackmail him ?
does n't make any sense especially coming from benzema despite whatever you might have heard about him .
one week later ... we have our first review and a great one at that .
i am playing for 2 or 3 weeks now .
i usually had pings of about 50-70ms and 2-3 days ago i noticed it spiked to a constant 150ms .
did not feel any impact on my gameplay and suspected the issue being on my end or rather at my isp 's at least until i saw this thread .
what is the most physically dangerous situation you have been in ?
keeping my fingers crossed but not holding my breath .
supporters of the losing gop candidates from the primary may yet decide to back vitter just to keep a democrat out .
even though edwards is actually more conservative than many northern republicans .
you have to remember what your feeling right now is what most people who are minorities have to go through on a daily basis
however as a feminist it is appropriate to support this in particular as it increases choice for women .
many feminists support free healthcare as a whole but campaign on this particular issue in feminist contexts .
all it needs to be is pressing the button it ca n't be that hard to implement .
its dot based with a pretty good aoe spreading ability .
we are aiming for early december for skill cape perks .
i think that i will start with that then i will ajust .
it 's baffling that you did n't get in ... did you email and ask ?
i applied cs and got in with 54hrs 3.94gpa 4.0math/sci .
i think op can definitely give it a shot .
i 'm a sophomore if that makes a difference .
maybe the aos think transferring will significantly defer your graduation so they hesitate to let you in ...
so a group of people could join together and test and license inspectors ?
at scale we could maybe have 200 million people paying in and then it 'll cost us individually pretty much nothing !
unfortunately your account does not have enough karma to submit things to r/videos at this time .
r/videos requires users to have a minimum of 10 link and 10 comment karma .
we suggest that you comment in some popular threads and make submissions to other subreddits to build up your karma and then come back .
we are sorry for any inconvenience caused and look forward to your submissions in the future .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/videos if you have any questions or concerns .
makes me want to kick everyone in the shindigs !
sorry to barge in but may i suggest you do a small survey on players regarding the holliday events so you can better gauge player 's perception and reception of them ?
see what the players liked and disliked etc to better help you make decisions in the future ?
the app has two activities screen off '' and screen off and lock '' .
undertale als let 's play wär saugut muss aber ehrlich sagen dass ich gregor die entscheidungen lieber selbst treffen lassen will und er hoffentlich auf den chat verzichtet wobei ich natürlich die hoffnung hab dass der großteil das spiel sowieso nicht kennt .
i 'm trying really hard to remember where i heard the '' reality has a liberal bias '' thing .
yeah you 'd get a accidental criticality incident '' with maybe small explosion and a lot of highly lethal radiation killing everyone in the room but going supercritical and getting an actual nuclear bomb is very unlikely .
champion of grit why sania mirza is a cultural icon for india
as she paired with swiss martina hingis to take the doubles title at the wta world tennis association finals this week it was the capping of a dream run year for the woman who will turn 29 on november 15 .
she even spoke up for safe sex once though she clarified this was not a reference to sex outside of marriage it was a bold stand for someone in an india where women even elected outspoken leaders are shy of broaching the topic .
born in a middle class muslim family in hyderabad a hotbed of religious conservatism she has juggled her roots with global shoots and shrugged off fatwas edicts from clergymen though it is known that a shaken morale can funk out sportspeople .
ms. mirza might remind those who are familiar with the cuisine of her home city hyderabad of its famous dish mirchi ka salan which must be an excellent metaphor for her personality the force of green chilies tamed by the elegantly crispy peanuts .
it has not helped her that she has also faced the hindu right-wings carping when she decided to marry pakistani cricketer shoaib malik after breaking off a local engagement even as she proudly wore indias tricolour across the planets tennis courts .
sleepcycles uploads a nt video pretty much every day i would recommend watching his videos
battlestar galactica all of this has happened before and will happen again 0:18 http youtu.be/6boy3rnywme
i was a cave woman before i was introduced to those things .
we actively redirect lgbt people to countries where they are persecuted .
or did you fear the feeling of an orgasm or sneeze or a novel flavor the first time you were to experience it ?
why do n't you just admit the truth you 're afraid of being dead and that 's why you cling to a belief you do n't really have faith in .
mindfulness gives you a task and requires a change in where you put your focus .
so if for example you put your focus on a video game while listening to an educational lecture 50 of your brain processes are in the game .
would n't these participants have their mind in a similar state of awareness which is not entirely focused on one or the other objective ?
build vocab by drilling words 20x each and testing yourself .
i 've given up on creative optimization '' or whatever it 's too troublesome .
test it on a test project a couple times and throw it in .
any game similar to blood brothers or rage of bahamut without the crappy rng pulls .
have you ever been to chicago 's field museum ?
they have a display area where you can watch scientists '' engaged in cleaning '' objects they call dinosaur bones . ''
the first thing you learn watching them is that they are n't freeing fossilized bone from rock they 're carving fake bones out of rock .
they 're forgers carving fake bones out of rock .
this is where ken ham has things very wrong .
he 's trying to explain dinosaurs from a biblical perspective when they 're made up creatures to begin with .
he might as well try to explain hercules from a biblical perspective .
the emails have unique codes but employees get a bunch to give out to friends and family .
you may be able to get one at checkout in-store or from employees who post here .
this is mostly the case yes but it definitely does n't apply to all terrorist groups and is not the criteria .
the ira was pro-irish and anti-loyalist but they could n't have given two shits about say the welsh or scottish .
i think there are totally wrong iso sets for characters but then loads that will do just fine and spending possibly millions of gold to go for a certain one is a bit bonkers .
but then i guess if you just get what you want on the next roll it was worth it .
i rolled an 8-set on grimm the very first throw of the dice so to speak .
i would rather just use the gold for all the other things rather than a slightly better iso set .
i 'm a huge terminator fan and i thought this one was really good although not perfect .
i think at worst it could be considered mediocre but i would give it at least a 75/100 .
this is more than likely the last terminator film so i 'm pretty sad about that .
there 's nothing unlawful about this which the original poster of the image claims .
it was mandated by several districts throughout the past weeks that they do this in order to help protect unsuspecting victims .
in some areas the police are ordered to actually take the item and stash it at the police department until the owner retrieves it with some form of id .
at first i thought it was ridiculous but now i 'm actually okay with it .
i always lock my car and try my best to hide any valuables so this wo n't affect me as i 'm not a blatant idiot just a closet idiot .
i 've heard infinite prosperity is supposed to be quite good do n't quote me on that though because i have n't used them myself .
kcrw 's bookworm http www.kcrw.com/news-culture/shows/bookworm and the bat segundo show http www.edrants.com/segundo are both pretty good sources for author interviews .
between their work and what they discuss my curiosity is often raised .
same goes for npr 's books http www.npr.org/books section and the new yorker 's books and fiction http www.newyorker.com/books area .
this includes if someone forgets to lock in a pick or ban which kicks said person .
i 've been using emu oil for a few weeks now .
it moisturizes my skin so well without any adverse reaction which i 've to avoid at all cost esp .
since my face was overrun with acne after a serious case of over-exfoliation .
i was wondering if anyone else uses it and knows the scientific reasons behind why it is so moisturizing ?
my girlfriend u/funwithpseudonyms swiped left on me and she wo n't even admit it
eh at this stage we might as well see what he 's http cincinnati.reds.mlb.com/cin/images/hof/flash/assets/profiles/morgan_joe/bio.jpg got .
r/accounting is primarily public accountants and only a sunset of those who are more internet savy .
i do n't know about other firms but i ca n't see any partners or even 90 of managers that know what reddit even is .
on top of that those who do make a ton of money such as the cfo ceo etc are all going to be extremely work focused and probably not sitting browsing reddit if they even know what it is
his deke 's and jukes look like the type you 'd see a hockey player do which is pretty amazing considering he 's only using his feet .
also check if your school is supplied by aramark most schools are and it makes it really easy to get nutrition facts .
if it 's a situation where you are n't serving yourself ask how large their scoop called a spoodle btw is .
i heard about this dude on reddit ernie anders or something that might be worth looking into .
i think we already have many updates in the form of computerized search engines .
and with those in place you can pretty much just sort the physical books alphanumerically by isbn .
i 'd go for brees and carr as i think those are the two guys with the most weapons on their offense .
you do n't have to be rude to get your way .
ask nicely and most of the time someone will get it for you quicker and probably wo n't be rude to you as well .
i do n't mind then but what i do mind is the cha ching sound every time you kill an enemy .
the mod community for fallour and the elder scrolls is fantastic .
i sure as hell wo n't be buying fallout 4 until it 's at least been reduced to 40 and even then honestly i 'm probably just gon na use family share on steam to try it out before i throw a wayward penny towards bethesda .
that all being said though using modders as an excuse for poor design is pretty bad .
one of the worst games i 've played in a while .
hell a lot of the good stuff comes from the cutting room floor so to speak .
one guy goes through the half completed files and finishes them as he believes they were originally intended and goddamn does it make it nice .
dragon fights are dynamic magic becomes more complex and not only is the civil war interesting and difficult but you can actually lose .
you literally can not lose in vanilla you can go whack it in a bush for three hours and you 'll still win unless you yourself die .
i realized that i do n't like the font choice for player names on their jerseys
i remember there was an album on imgur on this subject .
i 'm going to wager its probably the instant coffee you are using if you think chain coffee store 's auto-drip tastes good .
my advice to you would be to either start brewing your own coffee or just take caffeine pills if all you want are the effects .
you can tell me to fuck off if it 'll make you feel better
like they did n't kill lizzy and mika and some other kids off screen ?
i 'm home sick today and was just wondering how my one little guy did today .
the one who is so smart but also does n't try and prefers to get in trouble to avoid work .
because i 'm fucked-up burden who wastes everyone 's time and valuable resources .
solorenektononly https www.youtube.com/user/solorenektononly have some decent videos stream http www.twitch.tv/imnumerouno for a champion that is very basic mechanically .
he goes into the specifc things you need to watch out for in every match-up and comments on it throughout the lane phase .
he also does specific wave manipulation stuff which is essential for top laners as you can win or loose by proper management alone .
if you 're one of those types that needs help remembering via a trick replace the '' w except '' .
excel so that when you go back on vacation you can fully enjoy your time there .
msu 's play against us was one of the luckiest plays i 've ever seen we should be ranked 5 right ?
longest lines i 've ever had while voting since 2008 .
very happy that so many are out voting today .
ooo ... gon na have to give that a try .
i did switch the order around and put the newest of the two cards at the top but it still did n't work .
that 's drastic ... ca n't you just drink like the rest of us ?
there is a company that reviews and compares products based on functionality reliability and longevity called sweethome .
i have been very happy with their recommendations in the past .
i would assume the devs are going through verifying each email to eliminate duplicate voters .
this is the basketball that kicked ass in the preseason
allowing players to que up as 3 or more premades will increase toxic behaviour and promote boosting .
i dont think it will be that bad and the other changes really look amazing .
are you really arguing that we could n't have won from a military standpoint ?
every time i stumble into r fitness i get a little stupider after reading the comments .
while you can down vote the truth it does n't change the truth .
no lifting weights will not make you aerobically fitter even lifter weights at high intensity unless your a completely untrained slob .
when we get aerobically fit there is an increase in mitochondria size and density driven by ampk genetic pathway this is what aerobic based train does it up regulates gene expression in the ampk pathway .
when we lift weights we get stronger there is an increase csa of particularly the type two anaerobic fibers driven by the mtor pathway this is what lifting weights achieves .
but the issue is you can only utilize one pathway at a time if you engage in aerobically exercise ampk will block the mtor pathway you ca n't get 'bigger ' but you will get 'fitter ' but if you do a weights style program you 'll only be stimulating the mtor pathway not the ampk pathway hence you wo n't get aerobically fitter or be able to maintain aerobic fitness .
... y'know killian wolf red team squad 3 dressed up as jack from bioshock on halloween kind of yellow-ish armor with grey trims ... has a stutter ... kind of cute .
well the gun nuts will be saying that the 911 caller should have been armed and ready to shoot the open carrying guy when she saw him draw a bead '' .
ah good to see that you just add the weight as a power in the product expression .
finding weights for various aspects will be a social game but the real problem is a default value to give to people without an entry in various categories .
i am a bot http www.reddit.com/r/hit_bot and this action was performed automatically .
i am designed to help determine when hits are no longer available .
please contact the mods of this subreddit http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fhitsworthturkingfor if you have any questions or concerns .
find a pair of slim raw denim that you like that fit you well in the top-block and thighs .
make sure you like the rise fit above the knee etc .
then send them to railcar to have them tapered https www.railcarfinegoods.com/productdetails.asp ? productcode=rstaper .
railcar does great work and you 'll get the taper that you 're looking for .
if i do end up buying from them i hope that does n't happen to me .
i 'd like to see another angle before i judge .
because it kinda looks accidental from this one but one angle could look innocent while the rest look brutal sooo .
i tried a vanilla server and i absolutely loved it .
the only reason i stopped was because the server was on the other side of the world so my latency was causing some problems .
if that was n't an issue i 'd unsubscribe from ffxiv and stick to ffxi and vanilla wow .
just get an easy part time job and save all the money until you hit your expected tax burden .
why does op have to point out that it is a catholic school ?
it 's absurd that this would happen at any school .
yeah but marty has capped skl/spd/mag at base with adept astra luna sol and miracle so he 's ridiculous .
better than that loser dagdar with his e axes and ... damnit a bows still helps the guy out .
unfortunately since your account is under 5 days old and new account spam makes up a significant portion of all spam you are not allowed to post in r/fantasyfootball at this time .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/fantasyfootball if you have any questions or concerns .
idk your advice got me through fe6 pretty well so i decided to always follow it
when i caught my first mouse i expected him to weigh more .
i thought i had a 'false alarm ' from the lack of weight in the trap .
i picked up the trap opened the trap to reset it and a mouse sprung out .
i am not proud of the noise that i made at that time .
from then on i just opened the trap facing down into a bit 5gal bucket .
i had 5 of the mice in the bucket before the morning .
true but that 's not what akido is about .
to be fair i started watching ep4 and hid this thread did n't realize morgan had killed the two innocent guys..
and according to my buddy 's angry grandfather those kids will see for the first time a president born in america
where 's the mid but swapping to adc when those lucian itemization buffs go through ?
i do understand what you are saying but at the same time it is women who are pushing for committed relationships and marriage for the most part .
i do n't see the inevitable explosion of heroinesque vr porn having an effect on women anywhere near what it will have on men who are conventionally unattractive be it for wealth status looks or other reasons .
i think the more interesting question is whether women will even have to bother competing with vr waifus or will they instead content themselves as 2nd or 3rd mistresses to a higher status man who has n't jacked himself into the soma machine .
here 's a minnie and mickey 2 pack that 's 59 off http www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/b00lmhh07g/ref=mp_s_a_1_72 ? qid=1446600168 sr=8-72 pi=sy200_ql40 keywords=funko+pop+set dppl=1 dpid=51-ibdf36nl ref=plsrch .
edit also here 's agent coulson for 53 off http www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/b00jnz7tr0/ref=mp_s_a_1_135 ? qid=1446600446 sr=8-135 pi=ac_sx110_sy165_ql70 keywords=funko+pop+set .
we had a priest who would always play the two line/1-2 verse hymns .
again i welcome evidence that criticism is beneficial or that it is a fit means to real enlightenment .
most of the time it does n't come up irl but i know lots of people who smoke and sometimes they 'd just go off on a circle jerk conversation about the same shit and keep talking about how great super high me was .
and i can be palatable at times especially when i 'm wrong p
your words are few and so i do n't know what your asking are you asking why do n't you believe that it could happen '' or i did not know that this was happening '' ?
that 's what they get for going the same speed as the car to the right of them while in the fast lane ... retarded fuckers
vindictive works for negative just need a good one now .
i was looking at this thinking what the fuck does certified information systems auditor cisa have to do with it took me a while to figure out it was a different cisa as i did management of information security as part of my degree so i was obsessed with this .
andros 's style would be far more effective in a lower table team .
teams tend to sit back against us and other top-6 teams and there is n't much space for andros to run into .
when he is given multiple chances a game to run into space and take on centre halfs fullbacks he will score goals and set up chances .
i 'm imagining that goal that he scored against swansea ?
last year when he cut inside and scores on his right foot amazing goal .
he would tear the championship to pieces if he went there but he 'll probably end up at a leicester watford sunderland swansea if we do sell him .
sure there 's no possible way a developed nation could move goods and resources around on privately held infrastructure ... https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rail_transportation_in_the_united_states
all i can say is that that was an absolutely awful situation .
you and your partners did exactly the right and necessary thing .
i know you 've heard it a thousand or more times but there it is again .
approval from an internet stranger who will never walk in your shoes but is grateful that you and the rest of the thin blue line stand between us sheep and the wolves out there .
i 'm sorry that you 're out of law enforcement but sounds like you 're doing ok. hope you find your peace .
if the uk tolerates this then they deserve the blow back .
he is slated to come back to bakarmax soon .
we have blackout curtains that roll down like a projector .
most of us leave them up during the day because the light from the big windows is awesome .
canada like the us but now with more crazy liberals and sjws .
it 's got higher aim assist and does n't have that stupid-ass off center reticule that bungie somehow managed to give all hakke snipers .
that being said i love the still piercer it 's my go-to for rumble and skirmish .
i still use the 1000-yard for trials though as it 's got much higher range .
i 'm doing a pretty similar project except that we imported a 3d model including buildings instead of just floor/street plans .
yours looks much better though because there 's a lot of detail .
that is a valid argument and even among space enthusiasts and people working in the industry there is n't universal agreement on the relative merits of manned and unmanned exploration .
personally i see most manned spaceflight as a pointless boondoggle designed to funnel money to the right people but others see it as highly inspiring .
there 's no doubt that there are big advantages to sending people but it comes at a very high cost and put serious limitations on a mission .
the key is to use robots and people in situations where each can be most effective .
i might have missed the humor in your previous comment but there 's nothing ironic about it .
but he has no shot at mvp if brady keeps playing as well as he has been .
i am serving a couple and the guy is waiting for his girlfriend .
he is happy orders a porter and looks pleased to see her .
minutes in i realize by their hushed voices body language and the tears in his eyes that this is a break-up '' dinner .
but the food has already been ordered and he had one more porter on the way before the evil break-up words were spoken .
then she left him food untouched her heart free apparently ...
he simply sat there a wet stone with two unfinished meals and a full brew for about 20 minutes .
i quietly packed his stuff and only charged one brew .
seeing him sit there food all around him and with the bill wuff .
i like how everyone knows how hilarious it is and no one seems mad
pk in playoffs 2015 i feel bad for him pageau beacause my shots are just gon na keep getting harder
drug tests will vary by state and district budget same for any company
i 've seen enough hentai to know where this is going ... slowly backs away
not responses aimed at literal five year olds which can be patronizing .
if you 've been primarily training at a school that is n't very good you should n't be surprised that you 're not seeing the progression that you 'd expect .
i was largely on defense until the latter half of my blue belt 4 years .
you can measure how many big companies signed a letter expressing support for bip 101 or how many threads on the front page of r/bitcoin expressed support for bitcoinxt before being deleted by mods .
you 're being highly selective and biased in what measures you 're counting as legitimate and worthy of consideration .
companies that want bitcoin reduced to a payment system they can control and be instrumental for it to work .
comments like this show an utter lack of maturity .
yeah pretty sure many people are aware of the lack of maturity in reddit and also in this sub particularly .
i think it 's more 20 year-old college boys myself though but then again i 've been in reddit for many years .
well you generally do n't withdrawal from emergency funds when things are going well ...
the only reason it 's good in pvp is because of might-stacking .
that 's why classes like dd ele signet necro and engineer can run it they have decent self-buffing potential through might .
and anyway i assume he 's asking for pve .
wvw is the only other option as he 's certainly not asking for pvp and outside of using some celestial for roaming it 's not great there either .
the live blog has more details about the event than when the cbc was covering the royal wedding http www.cbc.ca/news/politics/trudeau-cabinet-swearing-in-nov4-1.3302059
compressing the air in front of the airship would increase pressure in front of it expanding the air behind would reduce it .
that would have literally the opposite of the intended effect .
assuming matter works like space is almost exactly akin to assuming gravity works like rubber bands .
moreover i refuse to accept that dust can do anything the author asks especially when there is a simpler explanation .
finally that provides an unneeded mechanism of propulsion without explaining lift .
and again the explanation still does n't have much of anything in common with alcubierre drives .
it does however make it more like comparing ... let 's say a waterwheel to a pinwheel .
then again i think you can safely read any of them in any order .
i personally enjoyed lost stars and weapon of a jedi the most
there 's no change in the tear effect as you can see on the screenshot
in the breathing episode he made he expressed how gross smoking is in a way i 'm sure he does n't smoke .
it 's not the head it 's the shaft .
i just got a ping g30 which is pretty good but honestly did n't see a huge diff when getting fit between the heads .
it 's the custom accra shaft that makes all the diff .
if i take an average over all plays i would be absolutely shocked not to see this clumping .
if there 's any bias toward hash lines at any point that bias will persist albeit in a smeared '' fashion the further you get from the initial spike down the field .
i have been going to an aerobics class for the past two months and losing some weight .
today we only did core exercises so afterward i went outside to the half mile jogging path and i was able to run two laps .
is it possible for you to be mono with her while she is poly ?
or is that upsetting and cause jealousy for you ?
or does she insist you participate and have an additional partner .
maybe she was n't thinking of ending it but told don that she still loved adnan .
did you notice how in the diary she kept telling herself she should tell adnan about don ?
perhaps since she found her soul mate '' she thought she should be more open and actually tell him what she was feeling .
all speculation but my point is that hae can be head over heels for don and still be in love with adnan and tell don about it which could have set him off .
the only way to give credit to the creator is to have his signature where it ca n't be edited out without being painfully obvious
an addendum would likely need to be made if it were to be addressed .
i have heard of exactly the same cases happening with a couple of my friends as well .
in another recent incident a few friends and i were returning from a concert late night 1 am and they booked an uber .
the guy who booked the cab his mobile switched off again battery drain .
upon reaching the destination the driver said sorry but i forgot to start the trip .
my friends were in a good mood so they paid him 500 bucks it was almost 40-42 km distance .
next day they saw the receipt it was 380-390 bucks .
caso contrário a polícia do mrpp entra em ação claro
if this were left alone it would be a good example of how fossils are formed .
millions of years from now some archaeologist would come across these leaves as fossils from our time !
yeah they have much more free time they only train a couple of hours a day .
however what they do with the rest of the day will vary .
some get degrees some go to museums some post a shit ton of photos on instagram etc .
they do whatever they feel like as long as it does n't harm their workout schedule .
i kind of wish the warcraft movie would have gone with the super low budget campy approach .
i get that it would have pissed off a legion of fanboys but i feel like making it a super big budget blockbuster means having to treat the cheesy cliched world with more dignity than it deserves .
it would be much more entertaining if it was lighthearted and a little tongue-in-cheek .
it should be cold and refreshing when you eat it !
although i think there is a case to be made that difficulty issues can become what is in essence customization is issues if you 're going to win anyway the choice between the strawberry sword and the blueberry sword is less interesting .
some nba owner just transferred ownership to his wife so he could own an nfl team in la nfl admitted its allowed
it sounded fine to people that do n't speak mandarin which is their target audience .
if you could have one fictional character join for a coc session assume they know how to play who would it be and why ?
same question for d d if the answer is different !
to become the biggest podcast available longevity and fun have a loyal fan base to have it finish as soon as joe is elbow deep in baby poop !
it 'll get you to the moon and back .
taylor stop it 's too much when you give me that look .
sipping some wine with an eyeball in a jar next to him
the people of colorado apparently decided its better to put 66 million towards school construction school programs and drug education programs than to pocket between 6 32 each person .
i 'm not from colorado but i think they made a good choice .
well hayward is very sexy and very sexy and very sexy .
i know everyone wants to cater to trans people as much as possible
yeah society totally bends over backwards for those trans folk .
haha ik heb het omgekeerde voor mij is het op een mac goed om maar als ik dan soms op windows zit doe ik het steeds fout .
deman was just included in the cc chain of an email .
i ca n't help but be drawn to cj after his game last week and the matchup vs indy but you are probably right that he should stay on my bench until its clear he will score points consistently .
langford has the best matchup but is the least proven .
mcfadden will get touches but philly will probably stack the box to force dallas to throw the ball .
and mccoy i would feel much better about if he had n't had that goal line fumble the other day .
a few times when due to positioning i could n't simply kiss her right there but in most cases why not just skip the line and get to the kissing .
i only notice the slow start up when i have the keyboard folded behind and holding it as a tablet .
chargers give up the most points to rb so.. start him for sure
i was the only person the teachers allowed to do group assignments alone in high school because by then i was so deeply friendless that i think they pitied me .
instead of trying to hang out with other kids as a child i used to go on second life which is a virtual world '' where everyone has an avatar and you can talk through your avatar with your mic .
only no one would talk to me so i would bump into their avatars and purposely do or say dumb stuff .
which made them angry and they 'd start yelling at me and telling me what a loser i was .
it made me feel bad but it also made me feel energized because i was actually interacting with other human beings .
being normal trying to start conversations made me invisible so i was always doing dumb shit online .
the few times i managed to make acquaintances with someone my mom would yell at me and make fun of them after they left for reasons like their laugh is too loud their parents are crazy .
in middle school she used to come at me all disgusted and accuse me of being friends with kids because i wanted to have sex with their parents .
she would also stalk them so i felt bad having people over it felt like i was allowing their privacy to be violated .
by late middle school i was too socially stunted to make acquaintances at all .
i 'd be interested in more examples of your life .
if your team ca n't win a team fight and you either can win a 1v1 or can escape when the enemy team collapses .
you also want to wait until your team can be pressuring somewhere else on the map .
so do n't split push when your team has recalled and is in base .
just be sure to communicate what you 're doing to your team so that they know to play safe and not engage .
all the ads gave us the impression that chief done something really bad and betrayed the unsc he was labelled as a traitor .
we thought that both chief and locke were trying to kill one another for whatever reason .
in the final game however it 's discovered that locke is just trying to save chief from ... her .
plus all the shady oni shit that we thought was going to be explored ... that didnt happen .
the entire story is about a man who just wants to go home .
he tried to quit his friend was killed he tried to fight back to prevent the killer from getting away with it was arrested enslaved and forced to fight .
he was never protector of rome or fighting for the people .
maximus was just surviving and trying to kill comedus .
it went from an annual rising trend year after year to stability and year on year decline .
it 's been a success that has kept overwhelming voter support .
i also default to trollmode '' on reddit so i can see how my initial question may have been viewed as inflammatory .
i 'd try it out and assemble them and freeze them before putting frosting on .
i 'm on a 'buy for gifts only ' and 'wait for holiday les ' low-buy .
i 'm hitting a bit of a critical mass with things i 'm finding it very hard to get excited about things unless 1. the packaging is gorgeous or it 's hanbangin ' 2. it 's a diy from holysnails .
for example i just rebought some sample sizes of the history of whoo ginseng oil because i want to add an oil back into my routine for winter and rather than seeking out a new oil adventure i was just like ehh ...
and that sample set of 10 will last me alllll winter .
that could change and i might send some of these to my mother again but right now i just would rather use the whoo than look for something new that my face might hate and samples are relatively affordable .
awesome help buddy thanks ... i will try find that jack from uk..
just to clarify once i put it on them lockouts its ok for long storage ?
but for any rocket owners do you know if the frame would fit on this jack nicely ?
it just feels better and i assume that 's a combination of both being heavier and slightly thicker .
the 6 was too light and too thin imo .
it made it genuinely painful to hold in the hand .
whether this is the thickness or the weight or both the 6s is genuinely and generally much nicer to hold than the 6 ever was .
pretty much twerps do jerk off to dark triad types
ha it 's not as if they 're going to do anything about it with their puny hands
larger res screens naturally need more ram and there 's more room for everything else in the phone to support a better spec especially battery .
why should people with normal sized phones be limited to weaker specs just so they can make a tiny version with the same internals ?
she appreciates all the nice comments she 's pokenerdette '' and in the thread somewhere .
if making it more 'fun ' rather than more 'competitive ' gets them more players or gets their players to play more often it 's in their interests .
they 're not providing a service for people out of the goodness of their hearts .
what you think it is supposed to be matters little .
looks awesome for scale though how many miles is it from north tip to south tip of island ?
rw was arguably better their first two seasons for 1 .
derek carr is on pace to have a better 2nd season than either one of them .
luck is n't the only qb to do what he did his first two seasons
are american players under 20 like larkin allowed to play in the a ?
this guy during chinese new year went out giving homeless red envelopes and meals .
and intentionally slamming a candidate and then claiming not to be doing so based on your opinion is disingenuous .
predictably she turns out to be a '' every feminist ever .
no matter how mean this is this is what i feel like play lucien and teros is .
lightning bolt thought scour serum visions remand dispel kolaghan 's command and terminate seem to be fairly standard in grixis delver decks .
other options which seem less standard include gitaxian probe spell pierce spell snare deprive inquisition of kozilek duress izzet charm mana leak electrolyze murderous cut stubborn denial and cryptic command .
mtggoldfish has a good listing labeled as grixis control http www.mtggoldfish.com/archetype/modern-grixis-control-22223 online despite it not really being a true control deck .
i did n't know you could determine gender in utero ...
let 's use medical terminology when talking about medical issues ...
my latavius and hopkins for his odb and andre johnson .
the g4 has an excellent camera and he 's comparing it to the 5s which is nearly two years older .
i have another really cool metal mask but i could n't find it for this set .
yep sounds identical to mine as i sit here at 8am without sleep .
i 've just had to accept it as the only cure i have is weed which then means i sleep through uni .
it sucks i normally have at least 1 sleepless night every 2 weeks .
the benefit at least is my flat mate just pulled an all nighter for uni work and it is very noticeable how much of a worse time he 's having .
guess after all these years i 've just got way better at coping with minimal or no sleep
in the first scenario it is often simpler and easier to attach a bionic growing a limb with the same for lack of a better term 'muscle memory ' and then taking the time to attach the vat-grown limb and waiting for it to heal .
a wound can be sealed and a replacement attracted with very little turn around .
as for the second it mostly comes down to resources .
humanity is the most common resource in the imperium .
most bionics are recycled creating so many more would drain the limited pool of skilled laboureres and materials .
it should be noted that various forge worlds do field enhanced troops with capabilities approaching that of a space marine .
i forget the name but there was a unit in 30k that was a human with space marine bionics and gear .
i mean of course theyre gon na be emotional theyre two teenagers riding the high in the honeymoon phase .
what specific physical action did you repeatedly do that made her uncomfortable ?
it 's a free mtgo version so you can try the game a bit to see if you like it before spending tons of money on it .
if i 'm not allowed to talk about xmage here .
judging by the summit-fi forum they are the exact audience senn wants to attract .
i honestly was n't trying to be overly rude with it just a bit flippant .
sorry it came off a bit over the top .
i actually try to be more funny than hurtful .
i 'll try to keep it a bit more in check ... most of the time .
did people just upgrade to windows 10 rather than upgrading and then using the inbuilt reformat option ?
i do n't think i have ever upgraded os without a reinstall and as a result have never got these crashing issues .
you just made me actually laugh well more of a suppressed snicker out loud in a lecture
thanks for all the suggestions guys hopefully these will keep me going for a bit !
it 's also possible to do this using a many to many field on either the person or fruit class .
this can be useful when you maybe only are collecting fruit favourites for a little while and next week you 're asking about favourite colours etc .
in any case 7 female units has bigger bewbs than 6 most of the time ... so i always evolve those ladies to their max d d
the time will come when bungie will see the potential and give us all metal themed weapons and armour so that we can all tool around blowing shit up and looking like a metal album cover lol .
how do you find out if you are a carrier ?
i thought you were referring to on the server .
kein plan wofür ist das erste was ich davon höre .
aber sonst werde ich zu einer mir noch ungünstigeren zeit '' verhaftet..
i always lose marks they 'll be like deduce this from the data '' and it will be the most obscure thing you 'll have to know i absolutely hate it ... i did all of the paper 2 questions in the question bank took me a while but it helped clear some stuff up ... poor you i did n't have eco i feel kinda crappy about my english paper 1 but english paper 2 realy boosted my mood !
and you should definitely be able to boost mark in paper 3 only 2 options not too hard to remember just do past papers and you should really know what to expect ... . this week is my easy week it only gets worse from here good luck from here on friend i hope you go well tomorrow !
i want to see peta or similar guys releasing all of crocs to outside ...
not all trans look like that or have had surgery
i keep my head up and hands out of my pockets now .
other.l men seem to be a bit more confrontational towards me now luckily i 'm a big guy for you and i 'm getting female attention .
if aaj tak can coach kejriwal off camera this is just a poor kid .
the only darker part is the reporter telling the kid he could buy a 'quarter ' from the money he will get .
aye and the schools of magic in tes as well as the weapon selection .
short swords and spears and such were pretty nice .
i usually do n't enjoy videos of people playing games but this was cool .
maybe it 's because i never played dark souls .
the graphics do n't seem poor to me either .
as a high elo player this will result in high elo ranked games becoming a popularity contest .
it will be about who you know as opposed to how you play .
we will see professionals banding together and giving amateur players little chance at victory .
it will also help boosters as they can group in larger parties to climb through the ranks whereas before they were limited to duoing .
you ask us to give it a chance but i doubt the changes will be reverted any time soon after implementation if it does fall flat on its face .
honestly i prefer two parters like the 2 episodes .
they each had their own beginning middle and end but were two parters because they revolved around a central character .
500 quid per month on food beer and weed ? ?
i thought living in a van was supposed to save you money do you have a job to pay for these costs ?
we talk about way more than just our sex lives and we 've been friends for about 20 years now .
when he says shit like that i just take it in stride because it just is who he is and deep down i know that dude is harboring some ridiculously crazy kinks that he 's just not ready to admit to .
if that 's all you are going to be doing could n't you just get one of those 150 chromeboxes ?
also if you do go with that build that cpu cooler is not needed with the cpu you chose .
even the 8gb of ram would not be necessary .
all i ever see from him is two or three word posts saying the price will drop .
if your post is n't worth anything why post at all ?
you might have a case of the vapours then cause i finished editing the image ten minutes before posting the actual thread .
switched around the images saw i had n't deleted the sidebar stuff yet so deleted that before finishing up the post .
this submission has been removed because it violates the rule on poll-type questions http www.reddit.com/r/askhistorians/wiki/rules wiki_no_.22poll.22-type_questions .
these poll-type questions do not lend themselves to answers with a firm foundation in sources and research and the resulting threads usually turn into monsters with enormous speculation and little focussed discussion .
most least best '' and worst '' questions usually lead to vague subjective and speculative answers .
for questions of these types we ask that you redirect them to more appropriate subreddits such as r/history or r/askhistory .
this startup uses basic information to help you file your tax returns online .
in terms of tax returns their efforts toward digitization have alsoproved to be fruitful just this past july there was a reported 46.8 percent increase in the number of people filing for returns .
for those who dont have the form the site asks for information like income sources deductions taxes paid and tax filing in order to create and help file their income tax return .
the entire point of cleartax is making india more tax compliant he explains .
in the past year theyve mandated that all income tax filings over inr 500,000 us 7,633 have to happen online and offer a similar e-filing service for tax returns .
the kalama river is known for good steelhead fishing plus they got a good stretch of the river is fly fishing only 😄
you realize that both arma 3 and days were on alpha at the same time ?
both were launched on alpha within a couple of months .
dayz is now just lots and lots of hot air .
but yeah dayz will be better because fanboy has faith .
hey look the conservative changes the subject again to deflect from the fact that he made a reflexive emotional comment in reaction to an article he not only did n't read but did n't even comprehend the subject of from the title ... and proved himself to be ignorant .
oh i promised i wasn t going to point out when you did that again .
i think the islamofascists '' might be plotting to invade your silo .
have to say i felt a bit miffed at first but the posts here have let me see that this was meant to be .
also lets not forget the dev team telling us cortana is definitely dead .
this is a shitty impersonation made from whats left of her from her interaction with the gravemind ajd the domain .
i feel bad for whoever received the curse of my old number .
nor laser tanks but that does n't stop people from believing it .
for what it 's worth i got the background check and approval back within a few minutes of applying .
i applied around 7:45pm got an approval at 7:49 and an email asking me to schedule my orientation at 7:51 .
i did my orientation the following afternoon and had my first shift immediately afterwards though i did n't get any orders that day did n't realize they had just gone live in that suburb .
admittedly they 've just massively expanded their dallas market so maybe they were just looking for warm bodies at the time ?
i 'm almost a week in and i 've enjoyed it so far after figuring out where they 're fairly well established locally .
this comment has been overwritten by an open source script to protect this user apos s privacy .
it was created to help protect users from doxing stalking and harassment .
if you would also like to protect yourself add the chrome extension tampermonkey https chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/tampermonkey/dhdgffkkebhmkfjojejmpbldmpobfkfo or the firefox extension greasemonkey https addons.mozilla.org/en-us/firefox/addon/greasemonkey and add this open source script https greasyfork.org/en/scripts/10380-reddit-overwrite .
then simply click on your username on reddit go to the comments tab scroll down as far as possibe hint use res http www.redditenhancementsuite.com and hit the new overwrite button at the top .
also please consider using voat.co https voat.co as an alternative to reddit as voat does not censor political content .
it 's online and was linked in the sub recently .
imagine having a bad game and getting reported by the rest of your team x4 .
i do n't want to be social in lol .
on top of that you are giving groups an even greater advantage than they already have .
i need some of what he is having preferably early preseason .
i thought it was the most logical thing to do .
i always try to deny the penta on anyone .
this submission has been automatically removed because you did not include a question mark ? ''
reddit does not allow post titles to be edited so if you would like you can post the question again .
please write your title in proper question format and include a question mark thank you .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
after playing the demo its gon na be a pass for me .
everything that i 'm reflecting on now can all be led back to a choice to not pay this bill or to quit that job or to up and move to a new place on a whim .
poor impulse control and the ability to do mental gymnastics to make any half cocked idea sound brilliant is a bad combination .
that 's the plan for a lot of windows users including myself haha
yes he goes from your side to your allies such that he 's never on your side of the field on your turn .
the people who like perth stay in perth obviously the people you 're talking to all have their reasons for leaving perth otherwise you would n't be able to talk to them ...
what are the dimensions and file formats of the images you are trying to compress ?
i also found another undocumented item before i get shreked by ultra greed .
coin tears i got it from one of the coin bombs blowing up one of the hanging greeds .
ah so the power armor we see in the beginning is the t-45 not the t-60 .
and it looks like they slightly remodeled it too .
i posted this in r/baseball but i figured i 'd post it here as well .
i ca n't believe that is a serious offer .
i would have been offended too especially with mattingly getting 10m/4 years .
bud black would have been a great fit for the nationals .
it 's frustrating for me to see the lerners screw the team like this so i can only imagine how nats fans feel .
and why fire matt williams just to hire matt williams 2.0 ?
we can only hope that dusty baker has changed his way of thinking .
we had a group of j1 kids work at my place over the summer .
it was the most annoying 2-3 months before we finally trained them to understand and use the phrase .
i know success is dependent on banes early on to mutas .
the builds do not allow for too much deviation but i 'm sure the metagame will develop such that we will see more variety to zvz .
do you need the device to integrate with what you already use ?
does this cultural organization '' that ca n't keep up its 90 year old tradition of wearing chaddi still plan to keep the claim to being the protector of indian tradition '' ?
you 'll have a tough time selling them i have a set sitting in my garage too .
upgrading the exhaust is a really popular and easy upgrade to do .
so there 's tons of factory mufflers floating around but no demand for them .
in you 're case i 'd say scrap them or just trash them .
the time and effort trying to sell them for next to nothing is hardly worth it .
in jane the virgin when you find out that rose is sin rostro
i already have great farm teams and a solid descend team .
i mainly just want at least 1 team for each colour since i think that 's cool .
he was probably planning it all week picturing your smiling face
now if one drinks actively for 16 hours straight they 're going to get alcohol pointing .
check out the curse ftb technic or at launcher .
wanting either ff teq freiza or a ss2 gohan .
it 's literally a single law that opens it up .
it 's just as easy to remove a law as it is to pass it .
i seriously thought he was the flyers starter tonight .
i really think that a black tee would make a nice contrast with the image .
i agree with the sentiment but the witcher 3 's pre-release graphical issues i think stemmed from the fact that a pc-centric developer had to cater to console hardware for better or worse i 'd say for the better but that 's another can of worms .
right when fallout 4 's first trailer came out i 'd lamented the old engine they were using .
i 'd honestly expected them to be giving us an entirely fresh experience that would be free from the expectations that have stuck to bethesda games since morrowind .
it 's just a bit deflating for a lot of us is all .
that being said i 'm fully aware of the fact that i 'll most likely be enjoying the crap out of it .
the games are still great even with their flaws .
cska moscow is my favorite team and i watched him there for 3 years .
he was never lazy on the pitch he had off games but his work ethic was never in question .
i really hate milan because i feel like they 've absolutely ruined him .
he made a move to a club he loved from childhood and i think he made it with his heart rather than his head and it has really messed up his career .
on paper it wouldn´t work you´d have to take out 4´s then cause you can´t get a 5th random if soloq is isolated .
but i largely agree there should be isolation lone wolfs are put at a huge disadvantage like that and master will pretty much exclusive to high tier premades .
lol started with the system they are implementing now .
they just didnt have the restrictions we have now .
you used to be able to queue as 4 people from any kind of rating .
this is not possible anymore and thus 4man premades dont happen as often .
nobody gives a shit because it 's an alpha and we all know what that means in the technology world it 's a proof of concept nothing more .
i 'll wait till they release their beta or their final version before deciding whether i like it or not .
i do n't give a toss about anything else .
cousins is out for me and i feel like andre knows .
more commonly though ive seen a 720p ad load perfectly and the video take 40 hours at 480p
does n't it have a similar principle to lean gains ?
when i think about it if you workout and then eat above tdee it will build muscle .
that muscle will be built on the day you worked out and ate above tdee .
but on the day you ate under tdee it just maintained the mass .
i am pretty sure it would still build the muscle just slower compared to traditional bulk/cut .
from what i 've heard seeds do n't work for greed mode .
i was trying to remove a dirt that looked like tar using a microfiber towel and soap .
that 's reasonable it seems like there 's more to the story and i 'm guessing he has the context .
this seems like a best course of action you should go ahead and do it or else you 'll talk yourself out of it .
so custom built/refitted a mass produced protocol droid to help his mother with household chores .
you 're 14 we can still give you a ride when we 're free ... but we ca n't afford every little outing you want to go on .
we can pay the entrance fee but if you want new gear better get that job .
i ca n't imagine how it would be worse than hitler 's germany ... are you sure about that ?
i didnt say it was moral to smoke weed its as or more morally right than alcohol .
im sqying its immoral for the govt to tell me what i can put into my body .
its also immoral to lock people up for a victimless crime .
to suggest im imposing my morality on you is absurd .
do you even know the racism that was involved in making it illegal ?
the anti pot propagandists used white mens fear of black and mexican people raping white women on weed as a way to get the publics support .
edit also dupont didnt want hemp as a competitor for nylon .
the old hysterical fox news crowd is going to die soon .
maybe we 'll see whos in the minority then .
edit drugs are only illegal through the tax laws .
possessing or selling weed was originally legal with federal tax stamps .
the way the govt made it illegal was by creating a catch 22 where they refused to issue the tax stamps .
the govt of the time knew that making a substance like marijuana was unconstitutional so they created a backdoor for prohibition .
like my original comment youre an idiot to support probibition .
hey with the modding tools officially coming to black ops 3 pc will us console players be able to play their custom maps ?
cloud storage aside i think an external desktop hdd would be good .
i do n't feel like holding 1/3 of my portfolio .
watch a fish called wanda and death becomes her .
if you have netflix or hbo go i have seen documentaries on both incomes love !
do n't look at it as fanduel entering space usually occupied by penis pills and scam dating sites '' think of it as advertising where many members of your target market spend time ''
but now he 's like literally the only defense the lakers have lol
i 've rotated between blue bobby scar fanclub reppin black darkrain is my falcon husbando and neutral johnnay
do n't stress too much about completely nailing the hiragana .
the more you learn and read the more you 'll become familiar with it .
your thread was removed under rule 7 game exploits https www.reddit.com/r/globaloffensive/wiki/rules wiki_7.29_game_exploits .
please take a moment to visit the rule linked above many rules contain details which may not be evident by the rule title .
so now that you moved are you having fios issues ?
there is no evidence supporting the claim that most atheists are communists .
an atheist can simply ask the offending theist to define the term communist and then point out ways in which he or she differs from the communist socialist movement .
a primary point to consider is that atheism and theism are metaphysical philosophies whereas communism is a political ideology communism can not be demonstrated to follow necessarily from atheism .
unlike communists most atheists do not seek to ban religion but they do often support secularism .
if for the sake of argument we accept that most communists are atheists it does not follow that most atheists are communists .
this is the logical fallacy known as affirming the consequent.
it is the number on the greed machine but that 's the only thing i can confirm
i mean by the same token if any straight guy so much as nonchalantly hits on another dude he 's bi/pan ?
i mean he 's shown huge attraction to women borderline obsession with lady death and in a cavalier sense he hits on men just to get a rise .
why do n't you figure out how to delete photos on the iphone after a proper import ... it 's not that hard .
i do n't find it to be slippery but i 'm very much used to a leather case which is not very grippy in comparison to most cases .
well they are in cali so its alot earlier for them right now and the doublelift announcement came pretty late .
took a few days off to play sc2 and fallout 4 .
i often suspect these cartel stories are just part of our 24 hour terror networks .
got ta keep people scared or they might think for themselves .
this sucks to see kid was amazing to watch .
i hope he heals up 100 as fast as possible without risking any future injury .
lmao this looks better than that 5000 hp devel trash from dubai
fox does n't actually spend that much time on these stories because they 're not trying to politicize the story to push an anti-gun agenda .
sean waltman in whatever incarnation he took say for that x-factor nonsense was always pretty damn good .
he was way ahead of his time with all of the light heavyweight/cruiser weight stuff he would do in there .
good ol preston when he got made fun of in early bang bus videos it was comedy gold ... .covered in jizz .
he would have joined the year of the invincibles ... what are you on about ?
he would have been a young player learning from the best of the best and maybe there would be no decline in the post 2007 arsenal teams at all if he were to join .
the one thing that is so important and was not even included in any manual .
you suddenly realise that there are a few jello-like cubes around where you picked up the blue and purple gems mostly hidden behind your uprooted load gaper .
i am in the bd category and do sometimes find it a bit apricot-y .
right now i am preferring the koh gen do foundation as my go-to it has a slightly more skin-like '' light look while still evening out my complexion .
kgd is slightly less dewy but more pore blurring if either of those are a concern for you .
one time i ordered some small jewelery from someone in france on etsy .
i knew it would be a long wait but after 2-3 months i still did n't have it .
the seller refunded me for it never showing up ... but then 10 months after i initially bought it it showed up .
i decided not to go back and pay again .
.. we do n't have filters to eliminate this quote from showing up once a week .
scope is the only difference i can see and so if that is the discerning factor can you elaborate on why ?
i do n't think the principle is different and perhaps even is more in favour of the fire as it is that much more immediate than a tsunami in which most resources are dedicated to the aftermath rather than the event .
we got to chatting and i asked him what germany taught about ww2 '' and he said that it did n't happen '' .
he was kidding and then he commented that it 's better to have something like that happen..
when it did to increase knowledge about escalation of conflict and showing the world what genocide is and why it 's bad .
he kind of has a point if ww2 was 20 years later hitler would had nukes and everything might be different ... not saying genocide against jews is good ...
i 'm just saying we 're lucky it happened then and not now .
i will admit the graphics arnt up to snuff to say the witcher but ... i think it looks nice for a stylistic choice
to root you only need to flash the chainfire 's modified boot.img through fastboot adb and supersu beta via recovery .
my os runs completely stock with root access to run apps like adaway .
i 'm not sure about google wallet but i was told google made it in such a way that it wo n't run if you 're rooted .
i 'll play every now and then but i find that being undercover is much more effective at removing the toxic players .
when i play the toxic players hide away which is good but it is less effective in the long term .
yeah i was thinking about it recently and at 40 bfs i use 80 stam per day using them all for pal points .
that 's 80 stam out of 288 generated per day ... definitely no joke p
hi i 'm just commenting based on the other comment you received .
you are certainly not an asshole and your plan is a really common one from all sorts of queer people .
it 's exhausting to do all that emotional work of being the first '' every time .
of course that 's not what i was saying .
at the end of the day we used the lock function exactly how it 's supposed to be used .
we 're a mediocre team at best right now .
too many times our native american brothers and sisters have seen the profits of huge corporations put ahead of their sovereign rights sanders said .
it is wrong that a backroom deal in washington could lead to the destruction of a sacred area that is so important to so many .
we must defend the hundreds of thousands of americans who are standing in opposition to this giveaway of our natural resources to foreign corporations.
my wife and our at the time unborn daughter applied for ahcccs coverage in july of this year .
as of 11/05 we are still waiting on the results of this application .
during this time we have been unable to set up a formal pediatrician for our daughter and have been paying out of pocket for everything including two surgeries .
we are both out of work at the moment .
the application has been escalated twice and there has been lots of misinformation/incompetence .
is there any way we can grease the wheels on our application ?
there is a grievance option conveniently by phone my guess is they do not want grievances in writing but we have not used it yet .
has anybody filed a grievance with ahcccs before what does it do ?
i am afraid that this grievance option is just for show and that if we annoy them they will just drag out our application further .
i need bamboo for a project will cut myself prefer not to dig
just looking to quickly run through this weeks nf already have done it twice this is final character lvl 280 warlock post psn .
i guess they didnt want any competion for the road to the winter classic '' series ?
i am guessing many of you have seen my posts about simply liking interracial porn .
admiring these cocks for how amazing they are from afar .
this porn is all about turning a straight man into a black cock gobbling cum whore .
would also love to hear about other people 's experience with bbc
for me it would be beta announced for right after blizzcon and expect a release for feb and even greater confirmation of going back to 2 year or more expansion content .
welcome to part three of the big post of lore !
this time i 'll be covering various aspects of the characters we play in the game and their status and relationship to their own race government and/or military .
as always for more information swing by 1d4chan http 1d4chan.org lexicanum http whfb.lexicanum.com/wiki or the warhammer wiki http warhammerfantasy.wikia.com/wiki/warhammer_wiki
i 'm sure you all know but our heroes are a witch hunter waywatcher dwarf ranger bright wizard and an empire soldier .
witch hunters are an arm of the sigmarite holy order and are tasked with rooting out threats to the empire and finding hidden corruption .
typically this takes the form of chaos cultists/threats magic heresy the undead and various monsters .
as a witch hunter victor is in a holy order devoted to sigmar that roots out the darkest evils hiding in the empire so fanatical devotion is more of a job description than a quirk .
sigmar was also a pretty cool dude https www.reddit.com/r/vermintide/comments/3rf336/the_big_post_of_lore_part_2_this_is_the_empire who lots of people in the empire worship anyways .
do witch hunters fight in large scale battles too ?
yes witch hunters do take to the field of battle sometimes .
due to the nature of their profession those witch hunters who are not themselves deadly combatants or at least travel with a few in their retinue do not often find themselves enjoying a long career .
given this when the armies of the empire are facing chaotic monstrous or magical threats witch hunters may attach themselves to the army proper in order to lend both their knowledge and martial skill to the battle .
the high elves who are your 'traditional ' sort of elves .
the dark elves who are bitter sadistic jerks that used to be high elves until their leader was snubbed for the throne but it turns out they were right all along ! https www.reddit.com/r/vermintide/comments/3roam0/the_big_post_of_lore_part_3_our_big_damn_heroes/cwpua6x .
and finally the wood elves high elf colonists left to die by their brethren thousands of years ago .
the wood elves responded by settling in the magical forest of athel loren where they now live with it in a symbiotic relationship .
the wood elves are fairly isolationist and tend to keep to themselves with the only people they consider allies being the bretonnians in which whose kingdom athel loren resides .
a good deal for both sides other than that pesky roaring rampage of rebirth orion likes to go on once a year .
waywatchers are more or less the delta force of the wood elves .
young elves who feel the call of the forest and feel more at home there than with their brethren are those destined to become waywatchers .
they protect the paths into and out of the forest and are in charge of making sure intruders to not make it to anything vulnerable .
for those unlucky or evil enough to merit it they waywatchers will kill them with their legendarily lethal arrow fire which is so precise even armor offers little protection .
masters of stealth and scouting they 're the woodland experts par excellence in the warhammer world .
even for a wood elf kerillian holds humans in low regard .
in general though many of the elves from all three factions do n't hold humans in especially high esteem .
in the world of warhammer magic generally comes various 'winds of magic ' with each wind being thematic .
the winds of magic are light metal fire beasts life shadow death and heavens .
in the empire sanctioned magic users usually belong to a college of magic that specializes in a particular lore of magic .
bright wizards as you might expect are the mages who study the lore of fire .
the other colleges of magic and their respective wind are the light order light the gold order metal the jade order life the celestial order heavens the grey order shadows the amethyst order death and the amber order beasts .
the grey wizard was of course a member of the grey order and likely a wizard lord the highest position a wizard can hold .
yes but i wo n't be covering them here .
they 're 'rare magics ' and tend to be race-specific or highly specialized branches of magic .
necromancy the lore of undeath would be one such example of a 'rare magic ' .
well all of her magic is fire related it 's intrinsic to her order .
although of course given that her happy place is apparently a burning village she probably also just really enjoys setting stuff on fire for no goddamn reason .
the dwarves are a race of short stout people famed for their engineering prowress stubbornness and luxurious beards .
a long time ago they held one of the mightiest empires in the world but wars against various enemies notably the skaven and orcs but the high elves are also here have weakened them and many of their oldest and most important fortress-homes have been lost .
they continue to fight and hold onto the fortresses and homes that remain to them though some dwarves have re-located to the empire a fact that the no doubt constantly thrills the empire 's engineers .
the only thing they like more than beards and their beer is holding a grudge .
they even have a book that holds every slight and insult the dwarven people have ever suffered .
and they most certainly intend to repay in full .
most dwarves prefer to live underground but rangers spend much of their time above it .
they scour the lands of the dwarves or scout for their armies to find and eliminate threats before they become a much more serious problem .
crossbows being one of their signature weapons as they 're more suited for the kind of long term and isolated work rangers engage in .
their silent nature is also a very useful trait .
the most famous of the dwarven rangers is josef bugman who wanders the old world with a band of rangers seeking revenge against all goblinkind for destroying his legendary brewery .
some of his most famous beers are the legendary bugman 's xxxxxx and the troll brew .
why does bardin keep talking about this 'karak whatever ' place ?
besides his personal interest in finding karak zorn which you can read about here http www.vermintide.com/heroes/dwarf-ranger it 's a trait of the dwarves .
given their long and bitter memory the dwarves are always seeking to rediscover and/or reclaim the homes of their ancestors which have been unjustly stolen for them .
any dwarf who finds a lost hold will instantly become a famous personage in dwarven society .
just so long as they manage to hold onto it .
it 's unclear what the precise role marcus played in the state army .
from what i can glean from the fluff he served most of his career as the captain of a unit of state swordsmen .
while state swordsmen are one of the core faceless troops of any empire army marcus ' unit was extremely skilled due to his exacting eye and probably fought much harder and more skillfully than their position would otherwise indicate .
state swordsmen are one of the six specialties that form the heart of empire armies the state troops .
the six specialties are the halberdiers swordsmen spearmen handgunners bowmen and crossbowmen .
every province must maintain a standing force of halberdiers but are given leeway in what state troops they maintain otherwise .
swordsmen are a balanced force with strong defensive and offensive power and often form part of the beating heart of any empire formation .
while his old position would n't indicate it he 's probably the equivalent of a very skilled knight in terms of his combat prowess .
able to use a wide variety weapons proficiently and slay all these ratmen he 's clearly no slouch .
these days he 's victor 's bodyguard called a retinue rather than a straight mercenary .
if he 's so good why did he end up in a unit of swordsmen ?
he made someone mad and they gave him the relatively glamorous role of leading swordsmen in one of the shittiest parts of the empire as punishment .
and that concludes this entry of the big post of lore !
some of these sections were a little thin but there 's less information about stuff like the swordsmen who also just make intrinsic sense to people unlike the waywatcher 's specialized fluff so hopefully it worked out .
as always requests or thoughts on what to cover after i wrap up the stuff that 's central to the game is appreciated .
a lot happens in the end times and it 's honestly some really complex stuff that relies on people knowing dozens of special characters the major lore of several races and all their roles in the fluff in order to fully appreciate what happens .
i 'll be giving a very condensed tl dr of some of the events and a short blurb on chaos and the undead factions .
i would love to be able to use a tow truck in gta online .
does poshmark pay me or do i see cusotmer 's credit card information ?
apparently for the final rank of the bloody mess perk when an enemy explodes nearby enemies may suffer the same fate '' .
i 'm kinda curious if it 'll mean that you can hit one guy with a 10mm pistol cause him to explode then next thing you know the guy next to him explodes too ...
it 'd be a bit of a strange site to see .
i ca n't seem to properly spawn into any edition of the game .
it loads up then i appear as a floating camera like in studio mode unable to do anything .
it does this is every version public and vip servers as well .
this coming saturday 7th november at 23:00 one hour of music videos including a load of their hits and bands we think you 'd also love to rock out to ! ''
i think it may have been a sprite or other lemon lime soda commercial but it looked exactly like a high person 's perspective .
the people were somewhat pixelated and moved kind of laggy .
i think they were doing some sort of athletic-type activity and drake may have been involved .
i do n't remember it that well but i remember the art style and i remember it looks a lot like a strong sativa high
heya so like i said in the title i want one of those skins or why not even both .
dont have a skin code but can gift gems through steam .
i 'm looking to see if anyone has experience with solutions for device check-in/out .
i 'm supporting a team of developers for multiple products and services .
we keep an inventory of devices for testing and troubleshooting .
our company has doubled in the last year and keeping track of devices has gotten significantly more difficult .
looking to see if anyone knows of or uses a system to keep track of these .
ad integration for user name and password auth so people ca n't fake names like booger mcsnot ...
i 've searched for what seems like forever and perhaps i 'm missing it but i ca n't seem to find anything that works like this .
now that deadman has been out for a week i wanted to see what everything thinks about the guarded areas or safe zones '' .
i think we can all agree that the original proposal had far too many but does the current map have too few ?
personally i think the current guarded areas work pretty well .
however i think that piscatoris bank needs to be guarded it just seems too dangerous being not only multi-combat but with nowhere to run .
if the bank was safe it would still have risk since it is multi and you may not be able to make it to the bank but it would at least have more of a chance .
aside from that the only other place that i think could use guards is the nardah bank due to how sophanem is ...
so what do you think about the current guarded areas ?
hi i have discovered a big database with my ancestors .
it is hosted on an old website and it is no longer maintained so i would like to remake to improve usability .
unfortunately the author ca n't find the original source file so i need to parse the html file to extract the data and try to convert it in json xml or sql so later i can work easier .
i was thinking about php but i also know a bit of python and java .
as you can see is a mess ... every person is linked at least to another one but it can be in another page .
sometimes information lie date of birth or death are missing
should n't the tension between the two threads be too loose in the centre to pluck with ?
i missed the ama and have a feeling my question will be buried so i 'm posting here to hopefully understand my issue a bit better .
why can an exponential trend line only be fit to data that approaches zero ?
i can have a function exponentially decay to a positive integer newtons law of cooling but the trendline will never fit the data unless i offset the data and force it to approach zero .
did it really get the restore option that 'was ' there for years while the booting sequence ?
i always wondered why it asks me to backup all my data in previous versions of android while there was no restore option ...
it seems relly nice unfortunately it came way too late .
edit thanks i havent been up with picks/bans for a while so
i already got denim stains on here which kind of faded after a week .
now my blue diztronic case has stained the back pretty bad .
i 've tried some alcohol and rubbing it with a q tip and also just plain water but neither worked .
sorry for the horrendous quality but my m8 camera lens is scratched .
so i kinda know how to set up keylisteners but for some reason i ca n't even begin to know how to make a polygon move .
if anyone could explain it to me that would be great .
i just ca n't stand anymore people shitting on fallout 4 .
the game is n't even fucking out yet why are people losing their shit over a few leaked videos ?
i usually do n't get bothered by what other people think but i 've been super excited about this game for months .
everything looks amazing and i ca n't wait to play it .
but lately i keep seeing people in threads shitting on the graphics and dialogue .
i do n't understand why this is such a big deal all of the sudden i thought everyone got their bitching about the graphics done after the e3 reveal .
sorry you guys i just needed to vent a little bit .
it 's making me really upset because like many of you i 've been waiting years for this game and it makes me upset to see so many people talk bad about it .
i love this subreddit and community so hopefully you guys can cheer me up .
edit fuck you whoever downvoted me within seconds of posting this i know you did n't even have time to read this whole thing
just curious how come you do n't have all division 1 teams available in 1 league ?
is edc allowing waterbottles this year or do we have to use the insomniac ones ?
my wife and i are thinking of going to thailand in january .
i 'm struggling to figure out potential ways to get there .
i 'm not sure these will be enough but even just routing ideas or best places to search would be helpful .
tag goes here tradeback looking for a dialga since i have or to catch giratina and i can trade it back as soon as i am done with it .
if you want a legendary as collateral i can do that
tbq 's writing style is extremely choppy so i 've taken a few liberties with my translation to make it flow better
these part two days i 've been debating whether i really wanted to post this .
a few teams have come to me to discuss transferring but each time the first thing they asked me was n't whether my contract was up but rather whether i was paid to throw in s5 .
why would they say i purposefully fixed the matches ?
and mortgaging my house on a bet that 's absurd .
if you want to say i 'm bad i 'll admit to it .
if you want to say i bet a house to fix the matches and that you 've found evidence i hope whoever said they found evidence will publicly post all the evidence .
i 've dragged my team down before but i have never betrayed them .
having played for so long all i 've gotten in return is criticism and insults and this whole thing about match-fixing .
here i just want to thank those fans of mine who have always supported me and to my teammates thank you for accompanying me for so long in our matches ...
chris stapleton and justin timberlane just rocked out like no other .
such a great performance of blues country and the soul .
is her first day in the job as the grim reaper and she is kinda scared while the current grim reaper is teaching her the ways is really funny and was in imgur not so long ago so please somebody help me thanks .
do i just add a new course on quest ?
or do i have to contact the registrar 's office ?
the ugradcalendar site does n't say the specific procedure on this .
well as the title says i 'm obsessed with deep half and sweeps from there it honestly feels like home .
upper belts and guys that have been there a little while entry is n't easy but it 's not hard .
new guys though it 's like i ca n't even get close .
i get half guard but then i get stuck .
i have tried just letting them spaz and reaching for the underhook on the leg stuffed .
i end up abandoning and sweeping from half or just using there spaz against them .
maybe i should n't just try for one position but i 'm trying to sharpen it up .
anyone remember the stream they used to stream youmacon ? ?
need awoken haku friend to do hera challenge and random challenge dungeon cheeses .
almost done my ilm system so also need friends for that .
i usually run hyper bastet verdandi and almost done skilling z8 .
i started playing golf this summer and i now play 18 holes about once a month but go to the driving range twice a week on average .
to start out i bought a complete set of callaway strata clubs for around 200 .
as it is nearing christmas i was thinking about getting some new clubs .
callaway xr driver wood and hybrid look great i 'd love some vokeys as i do n't have any wedges but a scotty cameron putter would be awesome .
basically i am on a small budget meaning i can only get one or two very nice clubs or several decent clubs .
how do i know what i should get first and how do i know that i will be good with these clubs ?
we do have a meta change so what are some good staple cards to combat the current state of the game ?
looking for others stuck on the 7 precision kills portion .
post psn below and hopefully we can help each other knock out this quest !
i have about 10 hours in-game so far this game is one of the most frustrating games i have ever played so frustrating that everytime i have to fight purple bird/bird cunt i just get irrationally angry but still the game is so fun so its good .
i play maypule most of the time and the bird guy and rock man just fuck me how do i beat them as maypule ty boys
we have a french bulldog puppy who is approaching 1 year old and i 'm looking for advice with potty training/correcting .
we are constantly coming home to land mines of poop and have tried everything we know to help prevent this ... but clearly nothing right .
we take our puppy and his 4 year old brother out to our large backyard once or twice in the morning and again when we get home .
they both have access outside to a grass pad on our large balcony while we are away .
his older brother the frenchie we had before we got him always does his business at these times and our puppy was good about this when he was first being trained .
he poops in corners and under chairs while we are gone .
it 's been hard to catch him in the act and when we have we 've been very stern and immediately taken him outside .
when we 've come home to the poop we 've taken him to it he acts ashamed ?
my previous research has told me that dogs are n't able to learn that way ?
we 've also just cleaned it up sometimes knowing that the retroactive disciple wo n't be effective .
each time i 've taken him out recently i 've made it point to stay outside with them while waiting for him to poop and saying go potty '' our go-to phrase and we 've had no luck .
he wo n't poop outside to save our lives .
really open to feedback and input if you have any .
i 've got most ti 5 immortals everything except golden gyro rockets and a bunch of other immortals and bettables willing to go 2:1 for the pa tribute set toll of the fearful aria .
i am really confused and i have tried to search online but have n't found an answer that makes sense .
i have comcast and it says ahs is n't airing tonight until 11pm here in colorado .
if ahs airs at 10pm est would n't that be 8pm mst ?
soo with invention coming in january 2k16 me as a comp cape player is just wondering if we need level 120 to re-obtain our comp capes.. ?
i think we do and during runefest i heared something bout other xp lines not 104m xp for lvl 120 .
also people who are planning to nolife the shit out of it as from invention release how much money your reserving for it ?
hopefully people can give me some answer and have a discussion on this .
in terms of the the stats and the way he is playing this is tempting the shit out of me !
whats the best condi trinket setup for a condimancer going full viper armor and weapon set for pve ?
i know there will be recommendations on getting sinister but i will not be getting ls2 for now at least .
hi r/rainmeter i am wondering if anyone here has tried anything to do with reading logitech 's keybindings..
basically i have a g600 link http gaming.logitech.com/en-nz/product/g600-mmo-gaming-mouse and i want to have a display on one of my secondary monitors that shows what things are bound to at that point in time because the bindings change based on program selected for instance photoshop league of legends web browser etc..
i have the ability to make the graphics and everything but i have very little understanding of rainmeter code for interacting/reading from other programs.. ..and i do n't know whether it is even possible for the logitech gaming software..
i have been running mos on a secondary computer and i observed the memory usage over time .
whenever i restart the browser the memory usage climbs up again from low use .
it is not dependent on the number of currently active locations .
the reason why i believe this is that i let it run for 3 days and accumulated 2.8 gb of memory and i could barely use the interface .
i did a local save closed the browser and reopened and i could easily finish up all the locations that popped up so far with a usage of roughly 500mb when i finished them all .
i think you should investigate how you handle finished '' locations they seem to accumulate some kind of unused memory that gets horribly large when running for days .
i also hope it would allow you to raise the hard limit on hamlets .
that the metal frame around the nexus 9 is magnetic ?
need to get myself some screen cleaner but not too sure on what to get also is air in a can a good idea ?
how do you guys clean your dust filters as well ?
in the opening scene of the episode randy and the boys are sitting in what is presumably stan 's house watching the presidential debate on the t.v .
when it cuts to the screen you can see a crowd of people sitting behind obama and in the top left of the screen there are 3 men sitting there wearing black face .
i have a bishon poodle that 's between 15 and 20 pounds .
she 's a scared nervous dog who 's very cautious about jumping up onto things .
i want her to jump up onto a chair when i command her to .
i 've been working on this for a while with limited success .
i point to the area tell her to jump and reward her when she 's successful .
her most common failure is she will put her two front paws and scratch whatever i want her to jump onto .
she 'll do that a few times then walk away defeated .
she seams to have some kind mental block on jumping into things that are n't soft .
she 'll jump on my bed and couch on command without issues .
10/h working as a full time line cook at the same pay i made on dish .
i was promoted to prep then pantry/swing and now the line without a raise but have since resumed paying rent bills and general adult fees ''
we get a shift pint which does little but encourage me to drink more which as a high functioning alcoholic that never drinks before work is hard to deal with .
i love the pub i work at but does anyone have any tips on how to gain more financial control over my life ?
i want to ask for more but it feels like im staring at a brick wall .
i 've been at my current place for about a year worked under 4 chefs and stuck it out through a lot of bullshit but given the fact that ive had to prove myself to so many people under such strange circumstances under such a series of hard-asses i do n't even pretend to know how to ask for a raise .
this happened about a decade ago and just reminded of another incident i must post but is a true story .
i worked for a company that made software for the financial industry .
it was old and clunky and got updates to the database via cds we posted out .
the cds were duplicated locally so if there was a corrupt one happened every now and again we 'd mail out another .
so i get a call from a polite user saying that they 'd put the cd in the pc but they could n't read it .
no problem i 'll post you out another one .
they call back a few days later apparently this one was corrupt too .
now i 'd checked the cd before i sent it to ensure it was readable .
so i asked the user to pop open the cd tray and take a look at the cd for any damage .
she ca n't apparently once the cds are in '' the machine she ca n't get them out again .
after a lot more questioning it turns out she 'd been pushing the cds into the gap between the cd drive and the blanking plate for the second 5.25 '' bay .
i asked if she could get someone to open up the pc and get them out but apparently they were under warranty !
so i ended up posting a third cd out and getting her to call me back when she received it so i could talk her through opening the cd drive and putting the cd in .
tl dr user called due to corrupt '' cd when she been putting them into the actual pc .
the numbers do n't add up on this label there is way to much carbs and protein for the number of kj 's .
can someone explain to me why this is and how this can be written ?
or is it just a really bad labeling job ?
used phase prism on a tyrande rooted by thrall but it didnt switch places only dragged me to them .
back in the day we had one computer and dialup .
my older brother and i would take an hour at a time sharing the computer playing rs .
each time we get on we would set the swiftit timer on .
greetings to the hardworking assemblymen and fine citizens of the great southern state .
it is time that we as a state decide what our state seal shall be .
we must also decide very soon what our motto our flag and our coat of arms shall be .
we could even be pioneers and work on a seal for the state assembly and the state supreme court btw i 'll announce my state supreme court nominees soon as well
i already have made a base version http imgur.com/4dbevfd so if you have any ideas for an image that would represent the southern state best do not inhibit yourself from speaking .
please give as many ideas as you possible can we deeply appreciate any input .
of course once we have agreed on what our seal motto coat of arms assembly seal state supreme court seal and flag will be we 'll have to amend the constitution of our state to include those four things .
state seal base version http imgur.com/4dbevfd version by genofthebuildarmy http i.imgur.com/ipuf3yq.png
state flag base version http imgur.com/v4xmvfo version by amusei http i.imgur.com/n4slpkl.png
how about this http imgur.com/v4xmvfo as a base version for the flag ?
the st. andrew 's cross represents the south 's english heritage and the two red and one white bar represent three of the original thirteen colonies north carolina south carolina and georgia which the southern state encompasses .
i sigh for the land of the cypress and pine ''
type of the wise who soar but never roam true to the kindred points of heaven and home ''
liberty and union now and forever one and inseparable ! ''
all your strength is in your union all your danger is in discord ''
edit 4 added state anthem on to do list .
edit 5 added a base version for the state flag .
disclaimer it is just a base version you may alter it in whichever way you please .
i actually like the 950s but ca n't justify the price tag anyone know of anything similar looking but for around £150 or for the same price but better quality thanks pref black/darker colours
riot lyte mentioned an early surrender system where you can surrender without penalties if someone did n't connect .
i 'll never forget the day i arrived at barcelona to sign with the club .
when i got to the parking lot at the camp nou i met messi who had been waiting for me .
he had been training that morning and after the training he hurried to meet me at the camp nou .
the gesture tells us clearly what type of person messi is .
with his enormous quality as a footballer people often forget what a good person he is .
he is very family oriented humble simple and generous .
we have known each other since 2005 when we met in the argentine national team .
pekerman the coach then picked me even though i was injured while messi was only just being introduced to the team .
it was a friendly in switzerland against england and since then we have experienced incredible moments together .
i especially remember the conversation we had together shortly before the world cup final in brazil .
i have known luis suárez for a while because we both have a professional relationship with pep guardiola long before the speculation of suarez to barca .
in fact we talked for over a year through whatsapp before we first met in a friendly match between spain and uruguay in qatar .
it was not easy for him in the beginning of his career in barcelona as he could not train with the rest of the team because of the suspension .
but when he was allowed he adapted quickly because he already knew players like mascherano and messi .
suárez is a beloved guy he always smiles and adds a good atmosphere to the locker room .
i was still in sevilla when i first heard about a guy in santos which was the 'prodigal son ' .
soon after pictures and videoes came out where he ran around in a jersey that were too big .
in the 2011 edition of the copa america we knew each other personally and at that time he was a big topic for the biggest european clubs .
in brazil we are 200 million people and 10 want to be a football player .
besides having a great talent he received training and values at ​​home by his mother and father .
one could see that at a young age he would become something special .
he has no limits and each year he is getting better and better .
he has some great teammates who push and help him to improve .
if he continues in the same way he will become one of brazil 's top players like rivaldo ronaldo ronaldinho and kaka .
players who have won the ballon d'or the price he would certainly win one day
i am thinking about getting back into the hobby after losing all my gaming stuff years ago and i 'm looking for options getting a paint/tool starter set hoping it would be better value than buying things one by one or the one from gw .
can someone help me out when the event actually starts i am gmt 1 .
all i know is that blood and treasure new content and features for reaper of souls is at friday 0:30-1:30 cet .
i wish there was a secondary clock for everyone in the world to use that would make our lives easier
on windows mobile 10 preview when you click on any link in any and all apps outside of the browser..does it take you the edge browser ?
or do all or even some apps have built-in browsers ?
so basically asking if all apps funnel internet access to the standard browser and if so is the standard browser changeable ?
asking because if a kid were to have the phone making sure it can be locked down completely to a safe browser of some sort .
you could download a safe browser but many apps have built in browsers and could be bypassed .
i need a flu shot for work but i want one preservative free .
does anyone know where i can get the preservative free vaccine ?
i hate the weapon but decided to try n get used to it but i have a question this is arena only atm so skills i ca n't change
is a run hit and sheath until u see a opportunity for a charged shot a good idea or should i hit a few times then sheath ?
i ranked the top 10 captains and i want your thoughts .
before even getting into it i left briere off the list because i truly felt that drury commanded the locker room far more than briere .
i got kicked out and now it seems like we are down ?
edit looks like we are allllll down even xboxers ... .
one episode a day from october 15th to november 9th
i 've been in my current position for 25 months and it is related to my degree and directly related to my field .
i knew when i accepted the position that my pay was lower than my industry peers .
however recently a few events at work have made me really re-evaluate my role and question my salary .
one of them include one of my assistants who took a university job in a similar position as i am in .
i found out that their starting pay is 50 higher than what i 'm receiving .
knowing what i contribute in my position and what my peers are making makes it difficult for me to stay motivated in my position while i 'm seeking other opportunities .
what tips or methods have you used during this transition period so that you do n't just drop off at work ?
my ndad moved 4 houses down from me a year ago .
it started off fine but he had other targets at the time .
we have been arguing since july and he has contrived seemingly nice but endlessly manipulative talks with me .
he is becoming increasingly toxic within my own family mostly because of the negativity he brings .
by way of background while trying to come up with a way to go somewhere from here his wife 4th made false accusations and called me a bit ! as i left their house .
i am wondering if someone can read my draft communication to him and give me some honest and positive critique names changed
when i left your house last weekend i felt a little bad for you since matilda his current wife was having none of you and i working things out and so i sent you a text saying we would work things out .
know that adam or any of the other kids will not be going over to your place .
we were apprehensive before letting him go over there there because of your claims against matilda and i am certainly beyond uncomfortable with him going over there now .
i had wanted to believe that your wives past and current were the source of our problems but you are the common denominator throughout the past 40 years .
as i have had time to let this all sink in i turn my attention to a cyclical pattern of your manipulative and damaging behavior and i am not taking it from you anymore .
it is unhealthy for me and it is unhealthy for my family and my family will have no further part in it .
this is not meant to further the argument rather to end it .
until and unless you are actively seeking counseling i and my family will have no part of you .
i am not interested in your denials false accusations guilt trips or any leads to more dialogue that end up in a similar manner .
you are likely right now thinking that you deserve an explanation i have given you many over the years yet you choose not to hear or even try to understand them .
so i am done unless you want to seek some professional help .
so i 've been to sea last year and did the usual loop thailand laos vietnam and cambodia .
this year im starting in thailand and i want to do myanmar philippines indonesia and maybe malaysia..
it seems like there is a lot of flying for this route so if anyone has any experience i 'd love your input.. thanks
i know with fallout4 just around the corner this might be jumping the gun a little .
but i 'm too dang excited about everything fallout and my imagination has started to run wild .
what about a dlc story line where you play as a chinese communist soldier that is in a secret hidden copy of a valt-tec bunker ?
you dream of freedom and sign up for the first expeditionary force for outside the vault .
now finally being on the outside in a series of mishaps you get separated from your platoon .
all alone in the wilderness you must decide if it 's better to live the life of freedom ?
or do you return to help lead the army conquer a nearby city of survivors ?
i know it 's pretty simple idea but thank you for any input good or bad .
edit since this sounds a little too much like a new game and not a dlc .
at part of the vault-tec experiments the government placed a large number of communist chinese prisoners in a vault complete with it 's own armaments .
to monitor if communism would fair worse or better then it 's american counterparts and guesstimate how strong the fighting force would be if the war still continued after all the bombs fell .
they have been building up over the past decades in secrecy .
through a series of mishaps you become good friends with the commander who allows you on base .
and treats you like a brother even sending you on missions with prized stealth armor .
suddenly you get approached by the brotherhood of steel who are convinced that the chinese are about to amass an invasion on a nearby city and blackmail you into spying for them .
the character in the end has to choose that maybe the chinese soldiers are not all that bad and can be a force for good in the wasteland or to sell them out to the brotherhood of steel for great personal gain .
could have been because it was ridiculous most believable super creepy .
think it 'll be fun to hear some crazy stories
so to give context i did a homework assignment for a teacher that she did n't collect from me and assumed i was being an irresponsible student .
i shot her an email with the subject of my grade .
note that this stupid thing brought my grade from an a to a c and i have no idea why .
however since this was a jewish studies class i decided to make a joke and say to this teacher i see my grade was slaughtered like cain slaughtered able .
i realized 30 mins after how bad i had just fucked up by sending it to the teacher with the least sense of humor .
alright so im getting a dubia roach blaptica dubia colony .
350 mixed nymphs 6 adult females and 4 adult males .
also it 's coming with 1oz of jumbo water crystals and 1lb of roach chow .
how long will the 1oz of water crystals and 1lb of roach chow last me ?
i started off the year so great got my first job had a schedule for everything room was kept spotless finished my homework early and kept 90 's .
but i 'm tired again i stare at my homework and cry and i feel pathetic and stuck .
i have no more chances if i want to a good post secondary education .
if i 'm having troubles with simple highschool homework how will i function in university ?
my parents are planning on installing a home entertainment center in their living room .
they already have a great tv that is mounted and the house has some speakers built in throughout that would need to be wired into a receiver .
they have a quote from one company but it comes in close to 13k and features equipment that is way more sophisticated and powerful than they would ever need .
they 're looking for an apple tv setup that can be mirrored to an outside tv and an audio setup that can be play on the various built-in speakers as zones .
i need a thumb screw with 1/2-13 thread and 5 '' of thread length .
ideally i want a knurled head https m.mscdirect.com/mobileweb/product_detail ? id=62227269 hasrestrictedparts=false but the longest thread i can find is 3 1/2 '' .
my budget solution is to buy 5 1/2 '' studs and attach a wing nut to the top .
the question is what 's the best way to attach the wing nut .
this is not a high torque application so welding might be overkill .
just using jb weld to glue the nut on the stud
tapping a hole for a small set screw in the side of the wing nut and possibly even sinking the set screw into the stud .
i had my iphone 6s plus replaced at the apple store this morning but before i went i made an icloud backup of my device .
when i received my new one i was not able to restore from my backup because i had the ios 9.2 beta on my old phone and the new one only had 9.1 .
i set it up as a new phone downloaded the 9.2 beta onto the new phone and then reset it to restore from a backup .
it started to restore and then rebooted and gave a slide to upgrade '' message .
i entered my password and then it brought me to a screen with a white background and a black apple logo which it has been stuck at for an hour now .
i reset it back to 9.1 in itunes but it will no longer allow me to download the beta from the appleseed website since it thinks the phone already has the profile on it .
how do i get this phone restored from my backup ?
i 'm just curious about what people 's favourite terms used in show are ?
would you call them anything different besides zombie of course
i am not alone in having an iphone whose auto-brightness toggle just disappeared one day .
it apparently affects various iphone models jailbroken or not on several ios versions .
nothing is reported to bring it back short of restoring fresh .
as i have an iphone 5 on ios 6.1.2 and prefer to stay with it and ca n't upgrade without losing my jb anyway i 'm hoping for a dev to help out .
there are a couple of tweaks that purport to provide brightness control via activator and i installed one that even has an auto-brightness on/off toggle but the toggle button does n't work .
i think there must be something deeper in the system that has to be reset or a pref that has to be deleted .
any help would be appreciated and by others i 'm sure .
so the masteries got completely overhauled and a lot of them seem really good for riven .
for example the 45 cdr cap increase would do a lot of good but you have to give up on some offensive stats .
has anyone who is on the pbe figured out a good way too build her masteries ?
i need a good app to share photos with my family of my daughter growing up .
at first i was trying to simply use google photos but the album system is terrible and does n't allow for automatic continuous sorting by date or other options .
i 'm looking for an app that i can easily upload photos to that my wife can also upload photos to and that i can share with the rest of my family in an organized way .
yes it is supposed to steal '' your opponents ' artifacts .
keep in mind that they still control the artifacts and can not unequip them as they have no equip cost .
the flavor is making all artifacts in the game a living weapon of sorts phyrexia which i think matches with u 's affinity for artifacts and green 's affinity for creatures and attacks design space unrealized yet .
your dear mr. ressot is in a particular mood today .
i 'm seeking a decadent lady to chat about our mutual lusts and love for little loves .
if you 're of the same mind for sinful little delights please message me !
and i can never turn down my lusty little lovers who want to have some fun !
my kinks are age play incest oral giving anal and cumplay .
my hard no 's are non dub-con diapers toilet beast bdsm violence blood gore or similar .
i was browsing the new items in afterbirth and stumbled on this one
i suggested this idea here albeit with a different name
hey digitalpainting maybe someone can help me with this .
several years ago i came across a very thorough website about color and light in regards to digital painting .
it had several chapters dealing with things like natural light colored light different structures falloff and reflections .
there were lots and lots of photo examples to illustrate the theories .
the illustrations/paintings were well made with a somewhat comic look to them .
i remember an example with some cartoony character lit by a candle or torch explaining how the light temperature went from light yellow to orange and red .
in the midst of the work with the site the author made some deal with a publisher to make a book of it all instead .
i have googled searched delicious and looked through old bookmarks with no luck .
does anybody know what site i 'm talking about and if there ever was a book ?
660ti is 60 preowned and the 360 is 150 new .
this is just to get a friend on pc with the best performance with a small budget
i just wanted to share some thoughts after one week of sobriety .
i feel like a giant weight has been lifted off of my shoulders .
when i was drinking the desire to drink almost seemed compulsory .
the question was n't am i going to drink tonight ?
it was what am i going to drink tonight ? ''
not having to make the decision of what flavor of poison to drink that day is huge !
i can also already see the monetary effects of not drinking .
i was spending more on booze than i was on food some days .
i would routinely spend 10 dollars a day on alcohol so one week sober at least 70 not spent on alcohol .
i have spent time this week outdoors hiking and bike riding and i put some effort into eating more fruits and vegetables and drinking tons of water .
i have to say that i feel better than i have in years and i am only at 1 week !
i can only imagine how great i will feel after 6 months !
i have been struggling with my alcoholism for 21 years and i am finally ready to close that chapter of my life for good .
i would like to thank all of the people who post here .
knowing that i am not alone in my struggles to remain sober is a huge motivational advantage .
i graduated with a liberal arts degree in 2013 then worked retail for a little bit .
then i worked for a year as a general office admin assistant for 25k a year .
i also started taking online classes to get my 2nd bachelors in software development .
i will be done with the degree by august .
i have been working on a general admin type government contract for not quite a year that pays 24 an hour no benefits. .
the contract goes until the end of december and there are 3 one month extension options .
so best case scenario job lasts until end of march .
i have been applying to plenty of jobs and finally got an offer on a different government contract that lasts a year but only pays 31,200 .
3 my so/roommate makes enough money to cover the rest of the rent even if i take the pay cut
so should i wait for something that pays better on the chance that this goes until march ?
i have been taking 6 credits per semester and if i become unemployed in december i could switch to full time classes and graduate early end of spring semester but money would be really tight .
plus there 's no guarantee that i would get a software developer job right away .
are there any issue using a polyurethane formulated for hardwood floors '' on furniture ?
i assume it would be totally fine but thought i would run it by the experts .
planning to cut it with mineral spirits and use it on a table .
i have two frida painting cards and two darcy may young fae cards as you can see here http imgur.com/a/aq0qa .
please let me know if you would like one and which one .
i would like to give them to people who very specifically want these who are fans of these artists .
all my previous offers are still open by the way !
so if you want something else or something random like colour-in postcards feel free to pm me .
i really like the idea of being able to report someone for more than one thing but there is a category that is missing .
threatening to do something that has a negative impact like gg its over i will afk farm till the end '' or im gon na afk '' or this noob makes me wan na ragequit '' etc .
it sets the mood of the entire team back and is indication of a bad attitude/toxicity .
however there is n't any way to punish those player unless they really do afk which is something nobody wants .
how big in terms of population is the area you are servicing ?
sounds like an oximoron but i 'm sure they exist .
i 'm meeting my former boss for lunch in buckhead .
she 's staying at the w for an event and we 're meeting around 1pm .
i 'm not sure if she 'll be buying so if you could recommend me a couple of places where a meal goes for around 15 and in walking or short drive distance to the hotel i 'll be much thankful .
it was cheap and meh so i feel i owe y'all an apology but i 'll try these places on my own !
i was watching the arsenal game yesterday without commentary and i found that i was a lot more engaged in the game .
were they kicked out of their parents ' home or some other non-lease situation ?
it is illegal to evict someone without 30 days notice .
i have such a lust for mgo tell me whooooooooooooooooooooooooooo is keeping it from porting to pc .
i 'm gon na stick a huge needle into campbell 's liver though wan na come help ?
so now in dc people can walk by the j. edgar hoover building the fbi hq and go to the capitol and see this un-prosecuted torturing war criminal 's statue ...
whenever any form of government becomes destructive of these ends life liberty and the pursuit of happiness it is the right of the people to alter or abolish it and to institute new government ... '' thomas jefferson from the declaration of independence the foundation of the us government .
i 've had to mow in the damn snow before .
we were way out in the sticks at a big property we do last mow before winter to get the grass low that lawn keeps growing way past most other lawns .
it was in the high 20s or low 30s and started dumping snow on us halfway through .
definitely dont have to worry about the grass if anything you should worry about yourself .
mowing in cold temps is worse when you 're on a mower .
you should be fine since it 's warm during the day .
it 's what i did i know i 'm not going to be a pker any time soon so why not make use of the money before i die and lose it all ?
however with the money i make with the rest of 86-99 thieving i 'll probably buy supplies to train range or another skill
he absolutely can and actually researches what the common opinion seems to be amongst platforming fans to reference in his video which i consider extreme professionalism .
but even he would tell you if you 're hardcore into genres he dislikes do n't solely rely on his opinion before purchasing a game in that genre .
the thing about treon is he has all the potential that a 5'10 '' quarterback can have lol he 's just seams soooo inconfident .
grier just does n't hesitate to let it rip so he 'll probably have more pics and bad plays but when he 's on point he allows the offense to play to its full potential see ole miss game .
treon at the helm is like mark richt stuck at pretty good '' without the ability to be great .
but yeah you 're right about tennessee and even kentucky .
something tells me you 'll be really good at scripting/automating tasks .
do that and you 'll get a jr sysadmin at the very least lvl 2 helpdesk .
mcsa would be essential in your case i 'd say .
get the ccna/ccnp to get your foot in the door .
there 's also storage admins virtual infrastructure admins web admins ... netsecurity is getting pretty big here in the states as well .
completely unacceptable if he 's sponsored or employed by a company cfb .
first it looks like the trolls on stream baited him into talking about it against his better judgement .
the last scrap that he had he used to write a very important directive on his hand .
he should have followed it hell he probably should have it tattooed .
instead he 's got a conspiracy theorist mindset and he went all in since he had an audience .
apparently expressing his conspiracy views is more important to him than his bread and butter .
what bothers me is this he picked up this kind of thinking from somewhere .
that seed grew in his mind and went unchallenged .
and now well you see what it led to .
how many easily influenced persons who do n't challenge themselves are going to watch this and take woo 's ideas and adopt them as their own because they look up to him ?
probably not many but even one more conspiracy kook is too many .
cfb was right to sever thier ties with him .
sadly that wo n't change his outlook or opinion on the issues he was discussing .
i have one from a gay bar that has a nude hunk wreathed in orange flames that look like tiger stripes .
my gk just kicked the ball into my defenders face which bounced back into the goal ...
transporting the player between outposts and far distance places .
maybe other planets might be added in future versions and this could provide transport between them all ?
i really see this game going far with these multi-planets i came up with very fun indeed .
i am already looking forward to teleporters hehe d i want teleporters ! !
i remember reading something about the commercials making it harder for those trying to quit smoking .
was that the series with the famous chauster sona crescendo ?
well yes you wo n't be able to feel much heat radiating from another person because they 're roughly the same temperature as you .
i mean they did say they had some sort of ending planned for rwby .
i do n't think that they even have an ending planned for rvb yet .
every piece of art '' is influenced and has ties '' to previous works .
it 's just you saying hey these are kind of similar .
formulating a theory actually requires you to use your brain .
i wirelessly charge my s6 next to no heat .
i hate quick charging technology because heat is not good for phone internals especially batteries .
also the s6 already has a battery optimization setup embeded in 5.1.1 that is similar if not the same functionally as doze .
i like where it 's going but i ca n't use stock android right now .
nope might download to give it a squiz but i am skeptical though missed the beta .
will be paying for fallout and deus ex titanfall is still going to be my go to online carnage preference .
id like to set a custom event for long pressing the on and long pressing the off but finding it to be a bit confusing .
you could argue that by genre it is possibly a racing sim although it 's a fairly poor one it is much better at being a car collecting and driving sim than a racing sim .
zoom grooms and other rubber curry combs are great .
you can also find a groomer with a high velocity dryer and fork out the few extra bucks for this if you have it .
i usually will get my dog to the groomers at least once during coat blowing season it 's a life saver .
why not keep the glock 22 i know a there are tons of glock 22 out there but this one is the one your dad brought you .
plus it something that your dad got you and for that it should be special your dad wont be around forever .
there are more dildoes roughly the size of or larger than an actual newborn baby 's head than there are that are even remotely dick sized .
even if all the king 's horses and all the king 's men were all ob/gyn and colorectal surgeons there is no hope for what must be between this bitch 's legs .
new york is an hour from where i am .
yes it counters utter end and abzan charm and it kills jace and sorin .
after 13 games last year we were 4-8-1 and this year we are 5-8-0 so 1 point better so far .
we also won games 14 and 15 to go to 6-8-1 and 13 points so to equal that we 'll need 3 of the next 4 points to equal that .
things feel better this year somehow but really we 're not any higher in the points standings yet .
we 've been in more games this year and goaltending has been better so that 's good .
there 's so much to do that i end up doing none of it .
seriously day off aside that is a day worth celebrating .
it 's really refreshing to see a joint on this sub that is n't completely perfect .
basically every day there 's a post titled my first joint ! ''
and the picture is of a joint that could not possibly be any better .
c3 's canon moveset spark helping hand encore and charm but good news lord amber fixed his moveset
but we do n't know how good hartmann was at half a mile prophang shots because he did n't do that shit .
feel to add me on league and ask me any questions or i could just skype you as well if you would like that .
hopefully stuff like settlement building will add another layer to the game .
i just ran up to my wii u faster than you can say its a me mario '' .
lol i love how tasha is being edited as the villain and kass as the hero
because a lot of people who ship monochrome completely ignores the whole weiss 's family business treats blake 's race of people like shit '' aspect and just goes 'ah look how cute they are together ' .
this is why i used song of the south as the example because in the movie it ignores the fact that the slaves in that movie are in fact slaves .
so basically that part was aimed less at the ship itself than it was at the ship 's shippers .
edit as for the kkk thing i would be sure that weiss 's dad would be in that world 's verison of the klan .
that 's why i said klansman 's daughter because her father would be a member but not her .
you have to first enable offline mode before any of your documents will be synced once you have done this ... it will be possible to alter docs offline .
any changes you have made will be synced to the online document once you have access to the web again .
before i read the comments i 'm gon na call that you autists get triggered because a pc got ruined and you 'll start saying dude that 's a dick move ''
edit there was n't as many as i thought .
if he only played one character in all his films he would n't be very good at his job now would he ?
oklahoma has missed 2-3 of the open three pointers we might be on to something here
you get a point for each search you do .
they add up and you can redeem them for free xbox live or music passes or amazon cards or whatever else is on the list .
how can we sign in if we arent from na ?
to clarify it ask players from all the world ...
i just assumed since it had html and what not it was considered programming .
i think that we 're not really meant to read into sarah 's story as a realistic depiction of a teenager or a teenager 's reactions .
toby is her half-brother and she despises having to babysit him .
i think sarah was just used to her independence for so long and feels like her mother is being replaced that she lashes out which is why she is much more grounded when she returns from the labyrinth .
if they ever make a mistake hopping to a realm where i am .
i guess you could say that ... .. fell apart .
op adults often fear what they do n't understand or think may be weird .
2500 penn manor school district students use linux everyday feel free to share this video with your parents https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=nj3dgk3c4ny .
no but i 've dropped heavier objects from about that height before .
it would do some damage but destroyed '' implies its damaged so badly its either no longer functional or no longer recognizable as a car .
probably just smashed a small hole in the roof at most
he needs to be better than at least one of the 12 healthy forwards .
i think we can all agree he has played well but i do n't think he has been better than mccann virtanen or anyone else in the lineup .
it 's all too possible that his ridiculous summer was too good to be true .
the excel logo was an x combined with an l years before internet explorer existed too .
but i believe that would be enough to mod in 4 player splitscreen worked for ut3 pc unless i am mistaken
the internet is free that does n't make you less of a dickhead .
use a bidet and you could still spend that 100 at the grocery store .
307 titan psn is floppyfish666 please dont take any retards id like to finish it quickly
they were 80 euros i also got a tshirt which was 25 .
i 'm a sanders supporter and this just sounds like a creepy super fan .
nothing other than their own word points to any kind of endorsement from clinton .
i can put whatever i want on my linkedin too and 'approached ' could mean anything .
it 's a philosophical problem as much as a mathematical one and is a lot more complicated than what op said .
in other words it brings up the questions can computers be as smart or creative as people ? ''
and can someone solve a problem without being 'creative ' about it ? ''
it 's asking the same question two different ways are people any different from computers ?
and i believe the answer is no so for me p would equal np .
you can solve all problems just by having enough information .
if i could prove it i would likely drive a lot of philosophy professors and mathematicians to alcoholism but i 'd be a million dollars richer .
do people need every person the planet to recognize that the earth is round for us to know it is ?
not everyone has to think aaron rodgers is the best qb playing right now for people to know that it 's true .
skip bayless is paid money to be outlandish and shocking .
yeah man normally i would just take in in stride and it wouldnt affect me too much but now it 's gon na be near impossible to get all the sv badges for mut master collectibles when i ca n't make a playoff run .
spent like 5 hours playing h2h and only got 1 sv badge when i coulda gotten 5 total
i can see the rng fucking up and you getting a unlit floor with no enemies .
probably but i ca n't get my mind around the concept of how a 2d being would see in the first person .
i guess if 2d mario could only see the part of the world that was in front of him that is how it would work ?
i mean this is kind of random and weird but did n't some recent benchmarking suggest that mixing nvidia and amd was somehow the most advantageous with dx12 ?
edit whoops sorry this is the link i was looking for
only few pieces of raid armor and a single weapon the lmg have gone into use .
the rest of my drops have been used to infuse other better gear .
the weapons in kings fall inparticular are extremely lackluster .
i 'm reminded of how where skolas drops when they happened were basically useless compared to other available options .
well obviously student is n't neglecting the entire course but prof wo n't have proof that student was good at this particular part .
i would definitely check with the prof and be very specific .
wrestlemania x-seven is pretty much considered by a lot of wrestling fans to be one the best events ever put on in pro wrestling .
tlc 2 mcmahon street fight undertaker/hhh benoit/angle austin/rock no dq for the title are some standout matches on the card .
nah there 's no decent cover if bellerin goes down everybody you could play for him is too young or shit .
i laughed my ass off when that one lady said she loved halloween because she loved being scared right before the principal slams his bloody body into the glass
if you are in a situation as face hunter where you could conceivably trade your small minion into his medium minion just to minimize some damage should you ever do it ?
or is there honestly no such contemplation and face is the place ?
00:01 on the release day is usually when blizzard games are released i think .
memnarch steals everything on the table with infinite mana .
would this tweak allow me to wake up with podcasts as an alarm ?
honestly them aal and btbam are all fucking insane live .
i went to the tour and it was one of the best nights ever being a fan of all three bands .
while i do n't want to underestimate his acting i believe it stems from a mixture of being a talented/trained actor and looking relate-able '' .
you also have to admit that in hollywood they can force nearly anything down the consumer 's throat and they will eventually eat it up .
having said that tom cruise is one of my favorite actors .
to be honest my cat does all my cable management .
is scroll rack only worth playing with lots of shuffle effects or a general that cares about top deck manipulation ?
my thought is yes but i might be missing something .
price to hook me up marginal price of 1 unit of water .
somebody today messaged me privately on reddit and said the fact that you chose a pitbull says a lot about you i will not support your game '' ... haha thats about it i 've had a few heated arguments on fb about the breed thanks to the game but it all ends relatively well .
thanks a thousand times over for backing all three times you 're a champ ! !
if you act like you do n't care who you get with people are going to assume you do n't care who you get with .
and if you actually do n't then yeah i think your mindset is wrong and you should n't be asking anyone out .
that said i never said it was wrong to ask about her friend .
if you actually have reasons for wanting to date the friend and you do n't care about potentially coming off like a jerk then go for it .
you asked why not i was just giving reasons why you may not want to do that .
have a buddy who had a similar thing happen with his camera .
but it would have to be a random minion and blizzard are pretty hesitant about introducing rng effects to hearthstone .
when people like cesternino and yates do it you can tell it 's snarky and they know how to sound humorous .
when cochran did it it sounded like he was bitter and you could tell he seriously thought himself better than everyone so of course it comes off as just being a dick .
not sure about the bad joke but i 'll do my best .
thieves would year the wiring out of new construction and strip it down sell it too the recycler .
so fucking depressing to go to the job site and see all your hard work pulled off the studs overnight .
there appears to be vomit on her sweater already joe ! ''
it can depend on context but based off what i 'm seeing in your post i 'm going to guess something bad/embarrassing/shocking happened to the character in question which has lead to them saying return me to a state of nothingness '' in a melodramatic fashion .
i can imagine a lot of angry comments along the lines of had to re-plop all the assets cause everything was n't aligned ahhh ! ! ''
this is broken they do n't align anymore '' because people ca n't be bothered/do n't try re-plopping them
and do n't forget how our fantastic bullpen will magically put its shit together .
they should 've added night riders to be the main some that plays in menu and stuff to make it more memorable .
invisible tanks and scope magnification nerfs coupled with apcr nerfs for my german and american tanks .
i do n't think i 'll be sniping in 1.53 ...
here 's hoping platinum incorporates revengeance 's melee system into a future game ...
they gave the characters birthdays in awakening too which was a major red flag for this particular brand of jrpg stupidity .
you just need to think to yourself is this stupid enough to either be on a children 's cartoon or some sort of hentai ?
if yes it 's going to be in fire emblem . ''
thats not even the dispute ... the dispute is whether it touched frenchy fuqua or not .
you can see from other angles that franco clearly caught it .
but he 's also not a one man army and there 's no way of knowing that his involvement wo n't simply get him killed or make the situation worse .
yeah i like it and it 's a solid oos option .
it can also be used really interestingly with pluck platform canceling so that 's cool too .
sorry i did n't comment sooner the alien blue app was n't letting me comment/reply or it was operator error probably the latter .
they were almost definitely close to the edge before hand .
if your director is kind enough to allow them .
during practice you could n't wear anything you were n't gon na march in .
the tat on her back was misunderstood it was a warning to stay awaaaay
this is not true its just one of the old myths of jews being vultures.. its based of troops collection dead bodies from the field for identification
the original poster has indicated that this is a tough love thread .
please remember to abide by all rules found in the sidebar with the exception that you can be more blunt .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/confession if you have any questions or concerns .
bit of advice if you 're going to marry her .
get the legal wedding some before you leave tech school and have you 're ceremony when ever you want .
this allows you to get her on your orders which equals a lot more money for you two
the original poster has indicated that this is a support only thread .
please remember to abide by all rules found in the sidebar and refrain from providing advice the op has not explicitly asked for .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/confession if you have any questions or concerns .
it 's only jaywalking if you can see a traffic light .
weirdest example is r/humanporn if you logically think so ... . porn then ? ''
if i recall correctly it was non trivial for them to strip out the headers and they only went that far because they had a hard limit of 200 bytes .
they also knew the dimensions they were aiming for which might make it easier to have a single shared header .
however depending on how and when the blurred images are generated you can probably ignore everything they had to do to support different versions of their header and use it to support different size based headers .
still it 's worthwhile to consider whether the benefits of dropping a few kbs or so of header when you 'll still have things like http headers outweighs the increases the complexity/bugginess of your library not to mention the computational cost of stitching the images back together .
region and city names ending with wald '' are n't uncommon in germany for example the spreewald '' forest area near the river spree '' or greifswald '' city name griffon forest '' .
now brat '' comes from the word braten '' which means to fry .
you might have heard of german bratwurst '' fried saussage '' ?
so bratwald '' basically translates to fried/frying forest '' .
from the link he posted it looks like german is possibly his first language
thanks a lot for your input its been really helpful .
i 'm going to take your advice and start writing down thoughts throughout the day and look over them and talk about them .
i answer way too questions does n't matter to me '' and people take it as though i do n't care even though i 'm just adaptive and can make either option work .
again i really appreciate you taking the time to share your experience with me its really helpful .
well we 've seen footage of ss actually using the mini gun out of pa so while i think that 'd be a fun idea i 'm thinking probably not
water evaporates out of holes in the leaves this creates an area of low vapor pressure in the leaf which pushes water from the roots up the xylem tubes which lead from the roots to the leaves and into the leaf .
that said it was a design constraint when making rawvec .
could probably add a unit test asserting the address does n't change if you roundtrip a box t through a vec like this .
nah i know he has been playing a little just for fun e.g with zonic .
my problem is i have no idea to run anywhere other than at the very very front of the treadmill .
i feel like i 'm failing if i 'm further back but this leads to my arms being held up like chicken wings and being unable to properly see the tv .
i 'll start by saying there 's never a reason to microwave metal so kids do n't do this at home .
therefore there 's no where for discharged electricity to cause sparks .
these will all create sparks and possibly a fire .
sorry if my terminology is off but it is a true fact .
in a blue post i posted in a comment above lore says they will be able to add more variety in encounters but the same old stack spread interrupt etc is n't really any variety ... .it 's the same old stuff perhaps like you say it 's just because of the engine that they 're limited in the types of mechanics they can ultimately do and have run out of actually new mechanics .
i 'll still come back more than likely and hopefully i 'm wrong .
i 'm currently looking for some products to give my mom for christmas .
specifically a night mask and a sun tan lotion .
she naturally has light features blonde fair skin but the sun is turning her skin very dark and leathery .
i 'm currently still learning all the ins and outs of my own routine so i 'm still a newbie at all this .
just make sure to turn skill xp all the way up in the chest shop or you 'll be have to use the ability 150 times to fully learn it .
the idea is that it basically takes over your computer 's ability to do networking and channels everything through their remote service .
the servicing website does n't see your ip address instead they see the vpn 's address and all communications are handled through there and then relayed to your computer .
from the perspective of the isp they just see your computer communicating encrypted information back and forth between the vpn 's ip .
they have no way to tell where the networking traffic is going to after it reaches that point .
i play steam games on my i5 nuc with intel 5000 hd and stream to a celeron nuc running linux mint .
i live when i drive the speed limit and everyone passes me .
unfortunately not seeing too much yet but i 'll let you know if that changes !
i wish we had these in europe i really want a bottle just for decoration
i won 4 games this season was a new player and got put into silver 5 .
clicks link ... oh ok. that 's a bug that i think has been seen once before .
i mean as a german i know what verboten means i just wonder .
some people watch him cause he is above average in manipulating facts .
this is like saying you drank a glass of water within 30 min after waking up so you will need to drink 32 glasses in the next 16 hours ...
final smash vertibird picks up vault boy final smash similar to kirby air ride zero suit samus 's except with a fatman .
colley matrix only uses wins and losses it does n't care about score .
i knew it would n't be as much as people think but that 's nothing .
add to this the people who after being rung up at the register of whatever store seem to suddenly realize that since things cost money it is now time to dig out the wallet/coin purse .
i got angry when he told us that he faked chris howell
all that time and effort having a story group who vet every single star wars branded thing to make sure canon is adhered to and then they let duracell show a representation of rey using powers she does n't have .
i 'm showing the bic is only 60 us more .
this http www.slate.com/blogs/atlas_obscura/2014/04/11/the_corpse_of_elmer_mccurdy_and_how_it_ended_up_in_a_long_beach_fun_park.html is the true story of outlaw elmer mccurdy 's bones being used in some california fun house .
edit pardon me it was more like his mummified corpse .
you can put your composition containing the text into another composition and then use time remapping on your text comp to speed it up slow it down pause it or even rewind it !
also is there a reason you 're not using the latest version of cc 2014 13.2.x ?
i understand some folks having issues with cc 2015 but why not update cc 2014 ?
i would like some more because that does n't seem like a lie as much as a test .
well you could try the same formula but just cook it in the slow cooker for about an hour per pound probably on the high setting although i 'm not temperatures your model gets to .
my favorite is when the developers try to blame the tests .
preliminary texture i modeled this primarily for animation purposes !
i would trust today 's chanakya anyday over all the other pollsters .
i 'd personally go with dez decker if playing and crabtree .
with fitz playing i think decker is a must start and dez should have it easier against phillie than against the seahawks .
also as a fellow blount owner i lost all trust in the patriots game planning and use of blount and i think the bills will be a tough matchup for the dolphins .
so i 'm leaning towards crabtree as a safer option especially in ppr but if you are willing to take the risk blount could bring a high reward if he gets some goal-line action .
yeah they 're pretty highly rated but somehow cheaper than on and dymatize !
seems a bit hefty noting the fact that my andaria gets around 23k hp d
i forgot because miami completely imploded after that game .
‘one of the great mistakes is to judge policies and programmes by their intentions rather than their results . '
after that we get an anime adaptation of that .
then the mods bite us because of how off topic we have gotten .
well i 'm mistaken the notice was n't for 4 entire days ... oops .
press up and powerbutton for 20s on a switched off istick to activate .
so what you 're trying to say is that you hate sex ?
also does anyone else notice that his jokes are more based on physical attributes ?
trying to get rid of quickly so i am up to offers .
will be willing to trade for a pair of triple black or black/white y-3 qasa highs in size 11 .
i think headlong flight might be the single best song they 've done since their more progressive days .
of course that 's not to say there are n't plenty of songs that come close but to me it 's just such an epic fun and catchy song and really comes closest to capturing the old rush '' feel .
clockwork angels as a whole really is an incredible album though .
the same way cargo cults started even though john frum https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/john_frum never existed .
for the live chat and because it just keeps going .
i think people were expecting something more like this is the end .
saw the two of them play dj forever ago and it was amazing .
the meter was originally defined as 1/10,000,000th of the distance from the equator to the north pole .
the second was defined as being 1 24\*60\*60 of a day .
other units were derived from that a gram is the mass of one cubic centimeter of water for example .
a newton is the amount of force it takes to accelerate a 1kg object at a rate of 1m/s^2 that is it 's speed increases by 1m/s every second .
a joule is the amount of energy it takes to apply one newton of force for one meter .
the modern definitions of units like the meter being derived from the speed of light came when scientists found the original definitions were n't precise enough .
the earth is n't a perfect sphere so the definition of meter '' would change depending on where you started measuring .
i do n't think they sold because they were losing money i think they sold because he offered them a lot more money than they 'd make in revenue in the near future .
you 're just kind of making up the fact '' that they were losing money .
do n't roast him too hard the oils might catch fire like in jarhead
hearing play and seeing it on bet uncut changed my little mind as a 10 year old
i 've had good luck on ebay but it takes a little patience still found a great one in under a week
she 's proven herself unstable enough to ever be integrated into society again .
they can be unhealthy but i make mine without rice and try to limit the cheese to a normal amount and it makes for a high-protein meal with lots of nutrients .
they are just letting the rest of the league catch up to their world series titles that 's how you play the game the right way .
if you were my tenant and i were on vacation i 'd happily reimburse you the cost of having the drain snaked out rather than have flood damage to my property .
also since the clog is downstream of you and your neighbor there is no way to blame either unit specifically for causing the clog .
cartilage is one of the worst things for healing .
can anyone confirm or deny that you can cast on one of these things ?
was so dominant at that position for so long but somehow i still feel like he 's under appreciated .
i think it 's a bigger deal that he 's a black storm trooper than a black jedi !
the original clones kinda had a somewhat dark complexion .
although i never really understood why people would argue that su 's not technically gay .
gems are genderless but i feel like thats not really the point .
i think the fact that they do n't have genders is kind of irrelevant and its more the thought that counts .
euler 's theorem from my understanding does n't actually say that things can only rotate about one axis at a time just that any given displacement can be described by a single rotation .
take a gimbal for instance you can start it rotating one way and then give it a spin in another direction .
euler 's theorem says that if you were to stop it at any one point you could describe the total change in position with a rotation about a single axis but that does n't mean that the gimbal was actually rotating about that axis .
if you let the gimbal keep going for a little bit the axis you would use for euler 's theorem would change .
basically that axis does n't describe the motion of the object but rather one way the simplest way of getting from one orientation to another .
i 'm hyped for the twin towers glad we were competitive today this team 's got some fiery passion !
i loved what i saw out of mcconnell and holmes .
pressey played two minutes but made a major positive impact even if the box score stats do n't reflect it .
why would microsoft make deals to kill their own business ?
onedrive was the best storage solution and most widely used cloud storage .
it is also available on all platforms while other cloud companies are not .
bjp 's enlightened '' outlook in goa towards beef consumption is because the state has 30 christian population and another 15 muslim .
we named ourselves us lumps of mass '' as humans . ''
in that regard we are n't pretending to be human we are human
harden needs to stop doing these step back 3s so much .
i 'd rather see him drive in these situations .
turns out atheists and the rest of the nonbelievers do n't actually go to hell got ta make sure there is room in the lava for the really bad sinners you know .
the catholic church would have you think purgatory is a place of holy fire for cleansing of the soul but the place is rather ... monotonous .
instead of fire cleansing your soul i prefer to think of it as more a grinder it wears you down until all that 's left is your soul .
everything here is for lack of a better term ... almost right .
the air is breathable but still is a bit smoggy so you ca n't enjoy a breeze .
the sun is bright enough to see where you 're going but not enough for a nice sunny day .
no one can agree on a temperature though some say it 's frigid others say it 's sweltering it depends on what climate you dislike most .
but the worst part of purgatory by far is the television .
your favorite show might be on but it will certainly be the worst episode .
commercials perfectly timed to interrupt cliff-hangers and of course each 5 minute break is the same ad on loop .
the t.v.s somehow manage to achieve a resolution in the negatives and the signal is more than spotty .
if you even start to enjoy any show it will immediately retreat into a 6 month hiatus .
it 's so maddening no one can even watch those things anymore .
ca n't wait until my soul is suitably pure to get out of this horrible place ... .
if you have any unused codes just sell them on ebay .
i do n't convince myself via placebo effect that there is something wrong with my devices .
our voyage planning does n't take us back home to the us for many years .
but yes i guess when or if we do then i will have to register the dinghy/outboard .
for us i wonder what happens when we go to another country that does require a registration/license to operate a rib with outboard ...
i remember in venezuela back in 2005 the advice to cruisers was to make sure you had some kind of official looking document for your rib and outboard to show the coast guard/police or else they would fine you or confiscate it .
many of the cruisers there just forged it with desk top publishing software .
i 've had the google owned motorola droid ultra xt1080 for 18 months .
it is the most well built and well running piece of hardware i 've ever owned and that 's saying something .
verizon has n't shipped lollipop and i do n't even care .
i never gave much credence about west to east .
i didnt do that in the country because i was scared of aliens and monsters getting me .
when it gets pick black outside i want at least a house worth of protection !
in the subberbs you look funny in a tent in your back yard lol .
i 'm guessing it was n't practical for you to make the battle maison trophies http i.imgur.com/omm9kda.png ? 1
i know it 's not the best for this medium but ...
i think our defense was exhausted by the middle of the third quarter of the game against the colts last week .
i think if we see more stamina in our defense next week the game wo n't be as difficult .
i 'm also relieved that it is a home game .
determination is a huge factor and i do n't doubt for a second that we have it .
correct me if i 'm wrong but would n't that only help if the phone is dropped face down ?
some of the crack reports i 've read were actually falls onto the sides/corners .
i 'm cool with criticism if it 's legitimate but you 're basically accusing everyone of being a sexist .
that 's not criticism that 's projection and assumption .
i give susie wolff full points for trying i 'm really sorry for her that she did n't get to race because more drivers is always good .
but glorifying her merely because she 's a woman is insulting to her and women in general and all it does is appease keyboard warriors like you that want to carry on believing that everyone can be what they want to be and it 's only the nasty man that keeps them down .
as for substantial discussion please you 've brought nothing i could easily change your sentence to so you just label people as sexist '' and misogynists '' so in fact you do n't have to have any substantial discussion .
when playing the blue bomber challenge which is awesome btw i encountered the walking white sacks that drop spiders .
they were impervious to bombs which makes no sense .
run 1 sprint and replace that with another shredder or oil .
please submit your post as a text post with some context .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/overwatch if you have any questions or concerns .
if you 've everything written in paper it should work out fine .
teams are still getting shots off so with all of these low scoring games come the likelihood of some huge saves .
how exciting is it seeing a goalie totally rob someone like allen 's save last night ?
goalies have gotten so much better let 's make them stars too .
just like girls did to me back in middle school fml
log into your paypal go to paypal balance click manage currencies select payment conversion from the dropdown and what currencies you want to us usd to jpy .
that 'll tell you how much paypal charges with their currency conversion .
i just normally use paypal to charge it to my card directly and hence i 'm billed by the credit card company which has a slightly better exchange rate .
i think your idea of proposing during wishes sounds nice but you will probably be a nervous wreck all day leading up to it !
my husband was acting like a weirdo for hours leading up to his proposal and i figured it out long before it happened .
this was n't at disney but he planned to propose on the beach at sunset while we were on vacation and he had a difficult time orchestrating the perfect moment causing him to be frustrated and awkward .
it 's a cute funny memory in hindsight but if you really want to surprise her you should probably do something earlier in the day so you can enjoy the rest of it in happily engaged bliss .
please post an update after you pop the question !
not in pure tfc but there are add-ons that add lanterns lanterns and decorations both add variations on laterns one uses alcohol as fuel i do n't remember what the other uses .
yeah a few lem engines should do it or an rl-10
if you decide who to take to the finals think who has less support ...
you know you have my vote zoey 's vote and i know you have many others .
so many people love that goddamn movie and have no fucking idea why .
israel is too expensive as an ally both financially and politically
what 's with the too many cell formats '' problem ?
seriously i worked until 8 and did n't even notice a patch had happened until i beat greed mode once
i do n't think it 's vlc though is it ?
it 's probably whatever encoding software the pirates used .
man euro-big man specifically look at marcin gortat 's leap after year 4 .
i 'm hoping for a big leap from valanciunas this year !
exactly ... .i mean they 'll run out of zelda/mario games eventually right ?
not follows '' but they both use the same patterns .
look at the 1hour btc vs ltc right now http i.imgur.com/ofsvflb.png and tell me just how different they are .
these are highly overpowered and that last disadvantage would be very hard to program .
not to mention they make blues even more useless than they already are winged pikmin can already cross water and they also take away a much needed advantage from the yellows they most certainly are not getting too powerful they have very little permanent utility the weight lifting power basically means purples would have 0 chance of ever getting back into story mode .
u/lolilollies we could n't find proper genre tags in your submission title !
click on the 'delete ' option above under the title to remove this before submitting again .
the tags indie alternative chill mashup cover remix experimental progressive or instrumental on their own are not good enough .
if you only used one of these tags that is the reason for removal .
please add a more descriptive tag to your title that tells us something about the sound of the band .
tags like instrumental piano electro remix experimental jazz and indie rock work just fine .
if you did include a valid tag beyond the generic indie/alternative then you are using a tag we do n't recognize yet .
https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/listentothis subject=genre tag message=my post was removed due to the genre tag .
could you add this tag or recommend a tag for me to use ?
here is my submission 5bmucc ryuusei visual kei 2006 5d 28https reddit.com/r/listentothis/comments/3rm69z/mucc_ryuusei_visual_kei_2006 29 and we will approve this submission and add the tag to our list .
the reasons for these community guidelines are explained in the subreddit introduction .
if reddit tells you to wait a little while before submitting again there 's nothing we can do about that .
it 'll go away after you earn some karma and your account gets older .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/listentothis if you have any questions or concerns .
there are a couple blogs by local sports journalists you can check out too .
tailing the komets by blake sebring http nscontent.news-sentinel.com ? q=blog/tailing-komets top post is a link to the new location but this lets you see the stuff prior to september too
i 'm expecting rngesus to match me against one of those and an olaf everytime .
you can not start two non-casual runs on the same in-game day .
by in-game day '' i mean a period of time between consecutive rollovers .
this limit only ever matters for people doing 1-day non-casual runs .
i once called out lyanna 's name during sex .
now i 'm single and have more time to read asoiaf and make up theories .
the chinese delegation declines to comment and sends a jar filled with the most pungent faeces obtainable in china straight from the cesspits of sichuan .
this is expected to 'accidentally ' kill or heavily injure anyone who inhales the stench .
appearantly the putting athletes together is what makes sports great which is why canadian hockey players should be included somehow ?
well i guess the united arab emirates and qatar must be the most athletic countries in the world then .
there 's also no reason to throw them out .
unless they were broken upon packing up transporting them .
for all of you saying this is n't a fail '' and it did n't even hurt his computer '' are wrong lol .
im sure that knocked off a few years of his mobo and most likely other pieces of hardware .
just the thought of sending electricity through your computer is a fail .
these guys will be releasing their debut ep titled before the morning cleaves our night '' on 11/20 .
it 's being produced by kishida-san from post modern team .
i did mine before 3.0 they probably all got easier now with the new abilities and gear .
i got lucky on the rest so they were also very easy for me the trick for shoni was to stack perception not gathering and it made it extremely easy as long as you got the weather but it makes no difference now at lvl 60 and with these new weather predicting sites it 's pretty cake .
i heard some people had trouble with helicoprion as you would often catch that other big fish in the area .
i think although you may be broadly correct that with careful coaching shoulder stand and headstand can be very valuable additions to a practise .
i have been lucky enough to have an amazing teacher at my local iyengar class who was always very cautious about letting individuals go into shoulder stand first using blocks and chairs or even proto-asanas to build strength first .
she also wo n't let us do headstand until we can do a 10 minute shoulder stand with good form .
apparently that was iyengar 's teaching and it makes sense to me !
or just use a vpn to buy it it says on the site if you already have a pass you can still watch it so it should be fine to use without a vpn after the initial payment
okay well just try to keep calm do n't forget that your health anxiety is going to make you feel like the smallest things are 100 times bigger than they are but that does n't mean you should write off your symptoms .
if you have n't already make a list of symptoms you feel on a daily basis as you get them rather than the self diagnosis and bring this to whoever you see .
you 're doing the right thing by going to a doctor
nope it applies to all ranged attacks no matter the target .
aiming a ranged attack is more difficult when a foe is next to you .
when you make a ranged attack with a weapon a spell or some other means you have disadvantage on the attack roll if you are within 5 feet of a hostile creature who can see you and who is n't incapacitated .
it sounds more like an hidden object '' game than a classic point click adventure .
or you could show them that they do n't have the power to push people around .
there 's a reason adc and an ig are there ... use them .
i know it seems pointless but they ca n't make you do something that is optional in the afi .
i know it 's only 5 dollars but it 's your goddamned money .
if you have the money get the biggest brake discs and pads you can but from a well known name
this submission has been automatically removed due to a title formatting issue .
for subreddit cleanliness and search feature use the year tag in submission titles is required .
please format your title thus documentarytitle year optional description ''
our sincere apologies for any inconvenience this has caused and thank you very much for your contribution to the community !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/documentaries if you have any questions or concerns .
it took me forever to wrap my head around the words rabbit hash dog mayor lucy lu '' .
wait until they announce 2x effect when paired with iskander xd
so it 's already sold about half as much as ps4s most popular game ?
next year it 's on a saturday and things get really crazy .
if you 're going to go go next year .
giveaways requests megathread tab at the top and look under the japanese post
there 's currently no minimum speed limit on the motorway .
but you will be pulled over by the police if your slow driving is causing a hazzard .
happy i got the trial on ea access before buying the game ...
you might have confused him with rune blade '' the current sword that 's out right now .
runic blade '' is the sb found on her soul sabre on banner 2 .
how would you feel if you found out he was on reddit checking out your post ?
shhh were all going to be rich and retire at 59 .
you could also check out r/buildapc there are loads of users over there looking for advice
best case scenario bc its a mcl not acl means that he does n't miss a beat comes back next year just as good .
worst case scenario he losses a half step in which case he would still be a top-tier back because of his vision/route running/catching abilities .
i would also assume in the worst case scenario that if he lost a half step that he would go back to his bulky frame and try to go to more of a power running role .
it 's so sad when obviously better naming choices are missed .
say if you had a light that puts out 10000 lumens
it does n't put all the lumens towards your plant it throws them out of every angle of the light
so you have 10000 lumens going up down left right
most of these lumens get wasted by being shone to parts of the grow room that do n't need the light
but with a reflector on all the lumens that were escaping are now being directed at the plant
and when you put a reflector on you can see the difference yourself if you look at the plant while doing it
even when using a hps light it 's advantageous to have a reflector
but with a cfl it 's even more advantageous as the light on its own only penetrators for 3-4 inches before it loses most of its power
with a reflector it is about 8-9 inches that get full lumens and the rest of your plant will still receive about 50 of the lumens that the top of the plant receives instead of 5 of the lumens which is what you get without a reflector .
actually there is actually no such thing as a real jew .
you can float over the earth as you orbit the globe the lunar landings and totally immerse yourself in an incredible nostalgic time in history .
the music is n't cheesy it sounds like it has a hans zimmer high production value to it and fits perfectly with the feel of the experience and the selected quotations from buzz neil and michael .
you can post your snide comments and immature remarks sure after all this is reddit i would n't expect anything less but until you 've actually experienced this you wo n't get how amazing it actually is .
the potential is unbelievable revisiting periods in history or visualising something in a way you 've never even thought of before .
there 's a great vr experience where someone has built blade runner style environments to walk through which are so detailed it 's mind blowing .
i think someone should build a game set to pink floyd 's 'dark side of the moon ' .
context was running around in void 1 exterminate when i ran in to a gate like door .
i stood on the gate somehow and it pulled me down in to the ground resulting in me getting stuck and i got killed before taking a screenshot of me being stuck .
там 108 километров roads rehabilitated плюс 60 км roads with improved safety features .
the technology would destroy the soul of the slots .
and i have 200k mastery on khazix but im still silver .
if you argue your limitations you shall receive them . ''
be interesting to see if it even affects cg/vfx artists as the law in nz for us is kinda ... weird
also downloading is pain in the ass in india .
how is it united with a 2/1/1 record have 11 points whereas city have 3/0/1 which gives them 10 ?
all other teams with 11 have a 3/1/0 record and psg who match united 's 2/1/1 record have 9 points .
it should be like 30-50mb or even less i almost did n't notice it downloaded anything when i did it .
yes of course the problem is not 1000 's of drunk people who 've been drinking to a deadline spilling out into the streets and take aways at the same time many frustrated from having their night cut shorter than they 'd like .
sharing the night http www.fimfiction.net/story/16375/sharing-the-night fanfiction has an interesting astronomy there 's an alternate realm where the sun and the moon go when they 're not visible and the same sky with the sun in the same place is visible from anywhere in equestria
why the fuck did you not mark that link with a nsfl tag .
i think i gained insight just by looking at it .
i thought i was going to have to get a tranquilizer gun to put down the staffers who had taken nodoz .
i tried silk coconut milk '' and it was awful .
the unsweetened almond was n't too bad but the cashew is awesome because it has this really light nutty aftertaste that i really like .
like i said one single bio received from 12k tokens .
unfortunately it probably means the laptop will be nearly unusable with windows because microsoft still ca n't make the dpi scaling work properly unless they completely reworked in windows 10 which i have little experience with .
you will either have to work with tiny-ass icons and unreadable fonts or deal with messed up uis that do n't scale as they should .
i 'm really excited the beta was everything i wanted and more .
the only thing i 'm concerned about is having the time for multiplayer .
that and i still hold every game to the glory that is cod4 .
as the title said i did n't get week bonus exp this week and it 's already friday .
i 'm getting about 12 exp in casual while topfragging hard and almost nothing in comp .
i do n't really want to keep playing comp the whole time because most of the time global lvl comp is just a pain in the ass to deal with when soloq .
is it glitched or is this because i 'm lvl 39 almost 40 for the service pin ?
hi i 've recently been using sodium dichromate for a school practical oxidation of alcohol .
during the experiment i came into skin contact two or three times with this chemical but it was just a smear .
since it is cariogenic should i see a doctor ?
can you find your insulting statement record it and send it to gav.ganelon gmail.com ?
i take your criticism seriously but i do want to do something fun with this .
i wo n't be throwing them back at you or using them against you .
description of gameplay elements i do n't think pit of panga levels need further introduction .
basically u-break is touted the current hardest level in smm ever but a cheese has just been found .
i am still a beginner because i started vaping about a month ago .
the first atomizer i got was an rda i know that is not optimal for beginners .
liquid with 0.6 nicotine has a very strong throat hit which i is very unpleasent but the nicotine flash still seems weak compared to cigarettes .
would the same liquid be more pleasent to smoke with an rta or do i need to get a clearomizer for high nicotine liquid ?
training squadron is easy '' to grind to i get 20-30k pr game so like 50 games max but we can pool together to get a proper heisters squadron .
it is like 10€ but we can do it !
from 1 to at least 70 tanks are able to output the most dps by far .
watching dps specs just get carried through while only doing minimal dps is kinda frustrating most people just sit back and pull 5-10 of damage per fight .
is this supposed to make up for dps having the longest queue time ?
was looking at the news before and this faraday future popped up ive never heard of them or know anything about them .
was wondering if you could shed some info about this new company faraday future https faradayfuture.com
as the title says i think more important than additional deck slots would be a function to simply save and load decks .
this would also make interchanging decks to other people rather simple .
i had a strange hots game last night where i played zeratul and the opposite team had what seemed to be an omniscient morales .
at first i thought she was just really good at spotting me in stealth and throwing grenades but then it got creepy .
i 'm okay at spotting stealth myself so i took precautions .
i stop still while their team walked past the second she was in range grenade .
i stood in a bush while their team walked past grenade .
i watched when she was fighting and i was n't there not dead and it was n't like she was randomly tossing grenades .
it just felt like she auto-grenaded into me whenever i was in range .
we ended up winning the match because i resorted to playing a 'normal ' melee but it really got me wondering .
i was trying my luck with a girl and in order to initiate the kiss i asked her if she wanted to learn how to whisper into someone 's mouth .
there was awkward silence and my seemingly smooth line did not help at all .
for example some people are better at art and others are better at math or sciences .
some people have always had a knack '' for music while others have to slave away to get to the same level or just ca n't be interested in it .
there 's the famous example of einstein whom had a difference in the math-related part of his brain .
i was wondering if these differences in talent '' and inclinations can be linked to the physical configuration of that person 's brain .
we both work in printing company but we do mostly boring/funny kids stuff .
but after hours gfx designers please themselves with some custom designs and they are awesome !
we can not stand the waiting for the next fallout !
hope you love it like we all in our office !
edit so much questions and requests that our boss let us put it on one of our stores so you can see it here https mrgugu.com/en/newin/clothing/bombs-away-sweater on checkout use 20 code f4reddit .
my net is down for 3 days or so .
i have about 350mb of mobile data to use sparingly .
i have done all my school work and already run daily so im good in terms of regular excercise .
help please or at keast kill me quickly and painlessly .
if instead of following the plane of the planets we headed off perpendicular to this whats the closest star we could reach and how many years would it take assuming we travel at current speeds 20k-30k mile per hour .
i just found this today so i 've been trying to think of my weird life events .
this one is a good one i just thought of ...
when i was 12 i got sick and took a day off school .
when i came into school the next day one of my closest friends told me that i had skipped school and said that he saw me in a gregg 's bakery store in a nearby town during school hours .
this was absolutely impossible because i stayed at home sick all day .
yet he says that no he definitely saw me he saw me standing in gregg 's with my grandparents .
he has maintained this for over 10 years he 's completely adamant and no matter what i say he wo n't budge that he definitely saw me there .
he still brings it up now and again kind of as a joke but at the same time serious because he still believes i 'm not telling the truth .
i said to him a few times that maybe he saw people who look similar but he completely shoots that out of the water and says that no it was definitely me with my nan and grandad on that day .
maybe i will text him now and see if i can find more details from his end ...
i just had this thought a brave frontier version of 'airman ga taosenai ' aka 'i ca n't defeat airman ' obviously renamed as 'i ca n't defeat eriole 's trial ' and altered lyrics as well .
i have a terrible voice and ca n't sing to save my life so i ca n't do it myself so i leave the idea up for anyone to pick .
getting a bit of credit for coming up with the idea would be nice but that 's up to whoever does it lol .
funnily enough this song could be easily adapted to xie jing 's trial or frontier gate as well .
i just got the su-76i premium tank but i do n't see the operation for it anywhere in the ops tab .
i am going to get so many down votes ...
jag ska flytta till stockholm inom kort för att börja jobba i slutet på januari .
jag kommer börja jobba med fast anställning och god inkomst på ett stort företag i solna .
jag flyttar ifrån studentboende i linköping tror inte jag kommer kunna få referens från min nuvarande hyresvärd .
nu är frågan helt enkelt med arbete i solna var ska jag bo ?
all rounds equal amount of smurfs vs. snorks neutral battlefield survivability ex .
in water smurfs have scuba-like equipment and in air snorks have opposite aquatic-breathing equipment both with no weight penalties .
rd 1 beauty competition between smurfette vanity vs. casey kelp daffney gillfin for the love of pepe le pew
rd 2 build off between handy vs. allstar on weapons for the coming battle royal
rd 5 no papa smurf no dr. seaworthy no weapons snork team allstar dimmy casey daffney junior tooter corky occy vs. your pick of equal number of smurfs in a battle royal
rd 6 same as rd 5 but with papa and dr. seaworthy 's help and weapons from the build off everyone bloodlusted
very very slow wont respond to most things like right clicking task bar or even clicking on programs..
i pressed ctrl+c to get to recover but that wont even load
so i 'm doing some nice archwing defense again to try for that ever elusive kazsaz blade and i happen to backstab an enemy which should not happen in archwing anyways .
the backstab returns my glorious trinity to normal '' size and she takes over my screen http imgur.com/1f66ujg and for some reason makes all my abilities smaller as well .
the only known way to fix this issue is to die and revive which i find stupid since it should not be an issue in the first place .
this happened to me three times in the same mission .
i would think this is the simplest fix in the world just make archwing enemies unable to be backstabbed or something but this is among the numerous issues we have with archwing at the moment .
also please either add the kazsaz blade to another drop table or stop overflooding it with useless parts ... .
can anyone confirm the cost of barf belch after the dreadfall update ?
i know that hookfang became cheaper down from 2000 to 1500 but would like to have the right amount of runes before building the 'nuts house .
once a hungry rabble scavenging like dogs at the outermost edges of the ashad homelands improved fortune and new tactics have emboldened them .
not stopping with stealing balu or pillaging homes for produce https www.reddit.com/r/dawnpowers/comments/3rpifw/a_cloud_from_the_east they will seize anything that is not held down and then some .
they have no qualms about taking our brides with their painted faces https www.reddit.com/r/dawnpowers/comments/3rlufj/a_big_day_for_everyone seizing control of our wells and even burning our fields in order to reduce our ability to retaliate .
we must end this and we have already taken measures to do so .
the itaal brigands first targeted our herds and so we first sought to protect those .
many agrarian villages have constructed cattle enclosures toward this purpose the saying balu ina tusapris rehtu-bulu ana-qaanii tusapris keep balu in and other animals out '' has become popular among us ashad-naram .
while these physical barriers are by no means insurmountable would-be thieves predatory animals and other interlopers must at least go to far greater effort to trouble our livestock .
it is not sufficient to build barricades of course .
while the sling was originally a popular weapon among itaal herders we have found it to be rather practical for defending our own herds and other property .
our atlatl https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/spear-thrower are formidable in combat situations yes but they are unwieldy and slow to arm when compared to the far simpler slings .
with any luck the itaal-naram and other raiders will be greatly discouraged from encroaching upon our lands .
on the political spectrum what is the united nations commonly classified under ?
hey guys i just got the game today and at the start of the mission 'glassed ' while on the elevator the game cuts out and sends me back to the home portal .
it 's happened at least 5 times now and i 've tried restarting mission saving it before this happens then loading it back up .
or do you suppose there is some other explanation for their philosophy ?
i 've been collecting information about the great heathen army of vikings that raided england starting in the year 865 and i 'm conflicted abouy a piece of info i 've run across .
most sources i 've found say that the army was ... well big the biggest army the vikings had ever amassed but they tend to avoid giving an actual number .
however the book the great heathen army ivar 'the boneless ' and the viking invasion of britain '' by benjamin james baillie states that they were 10.000 to 15.000 strong .
i mean i know that the greeks and the romans gathered enormous armies but that many danes sailing at the same time to raid ... what do you think ?
but i appreciate if your natural inclination is to laugh in order to suppress the anger .
worst thing about this is the fact that it was avoidable instances like this are avoidable .
but they 'll increase in liklihood given sweden 's immigration policy .
importing large numbers of third world immigrants and having lax and lenient sentences for sexual assault and rape what could go wrong ?
oops i 'm homeless so do me a solid and let me sleep with you .
i mean i wo n't be a bother i just bought a couple pairs of clothes but it 's pretty rough losing everything .
bootleg copies containing every episode of buffy on vhs .
why is that ... noise ... coming from your room ?
i 'm steaming beneath your old blanket and my hair is pushed up against an armrest i 've turned your loveseat into a hateseat .
i made you breakfast but you just walk right by me and then head to work .
i 'm looking for a new apartment thanks for lending me your laptop .
the front door creaks open and the deadbolt snaps me into reality .
you 're in your apartment when i was supposed to be finding my own and instead my fingers are .
i bet it was a long day at work .
you and me let 's elope send me a red envelope .
well you can cry doom and gloom all you want but there 's gon na be a turning point as the negative effects of uncontrolled immigration ca n't be ignored .
be better if there was n't a next time .
given sweden 's relaxed policy to third world immigration though it 's likely that attacks like this will increase in likelihood over the coming years .
especially if sentencing for such horrific crimes is so lenient providing little to no real deterrent .
sweden pressing the self destruct button and it 's their women who 'll suffer the most .
sjeća li se itko fonda za razvoj i zapošljavanje ?
vjerojatno ne jer se radilo o fondu koji je danas je evidentno bio namijenjen političkim insajderima .
frz je bio instrument za legalan '' transfer novaca poreznih obveznika u džepove hdz-ovaca i odličan je primjer kako hdz opstaje i odakle mu takva snaga .
nikakvo domoljublje nikakvi ideali ne motiviraju kao što motivira 1,6 milijardi kuna u zemlji gladnoj kruha .
račanova vlada osnovala je frz a hdz-ovci su od njega napravili bankomat bez skrupula .
baš kao što je bio slučaj i sa hac-om .
i ova je vlada pokrenula niz programa projekata i instrumenata koje će hdz-ovci dobro znati iskoristiti dođu li na vlast .
čitajte i plačite jer zbog ovoga vjerojatno nitko neće odgovarati .
slobodna dalmacija evo kako su hdz-ovci i njima bliski poduzetnici izvlačili novac iz fonda za razvoj i zapošljavanje http www.slobodnadalmacija.hr/hrvatska/tabid/66/articletype/articleview/articleid/237215/default.aspx
zbog takvih stvari se ja bojim dolaska karamarka i njegovih na vlast .
would have been racist if the sentence was harsher s
and only 2 were sentenced even though there were more rapists .
first of all the link to my box https swarfarm.com/profile/camoblin
as the title says i 'm not sure which of my mons will benefit most of becoming my next 6 .
i have the rainbowmons ready for evolution but i ca n't decide who to feed them .
i 'm currently farming gb7 auto and dont care much about dragons .
i 'm stuck at toa50 stoopid bombs ... and toah30 and end up at about 1400 points in arena which nets me 100 crystals each week ad is verad l copper bella chasun ao usually verad l copper basalt megan/shannon .
pretty good at ao go toa and dungeons for me .
ethna because nat5 and hits pretty hard but already have wind 6
chiwu because nat5 perhaps for ad or in ao against chloe teams and i do n't have a fire 6 yet
baretta still 4 max because fire mon speed leader and awesome for pretty many cases but would need to be maxed 5 first and i 'm a bit impatient ...
i appreciate every comment please tell me the reasons for your choice .
also feel free to comment on other peoples ' suggestions so we can weigh the pros and cons .
why are there still s instead of a proper enumeration ?
i really like the yamaha bolt style of bike but not sure a used especially not new one would be in my price point .
i wanted to know if you guys could help me recommend something for 2 grand and under that would look/ride similar ?
hey everyone so i got the hannya rda and i love it minus a few quirks that i 've experienced .
the o-rings are a bit mushy and damn those grub screws are tiny and i lost the allen key so i need to find another .
all that said it 's taken all the builds i 've thrown at it .
i 've been wanting to enjoy it but every time my mates and i play this game it just does n't impress .
i am definitely excited to pick it up again and see the game with a better perspective !
hey so there seems to be some confusion in regards to the news about overwatch today so i thought i might make a list to help clear up some of the questions that people may have .
overwatch is gon na release in spring 2016 for pc/ps4/xbone sometime before june 21st
the origins edition '' will be 60 includes 5 skins and digital content for other blizzard games !
i hope this helps if i missed anything please let me know .
in memory of one of the greatest artists to live and being watching the twitch 9 day marathon for bob i 'm gon na paint myself a happy little tree on my gun what a joy !
i 've noticed lately that this song is considered pretty meh by most people however it was the one that received most promotion by the band and media in general .
it 's even the name of one of their ep 's .
those who were around when humbug came out has it always been seen in a negative light ?
makes me wonder why they had so much promotion for it especially when the lyrics are so lack-luster .
does anyone have any of edward chan 's past midterms ?
i have no clue what we are expected to know for his midterm tomorrow ...
looking to pick a payphone lock that i recently got my hands on the lock itself is n't anything that i 've ever seen before .
the inside of the lock is similar to a wafer lock except for the fact that the wafers turn and another t-bar key is used to disengage the lock .
i 'm looking for any advice that i can get as to how to pick non-destructive entry the lock .
any information on the key wrong key but fits into lock or lock will help standard pinnings for the key a diagram of the workings of the lock etc thanks all in advance album of pictures attached .
edit found out it is still a disc detainer lock but i 'm still looking for info on picking it .
wondering if it is possible to simply try different pins and keeping tension with the t-bar on the locking mechanism above .
more competition is gon na add some urgency for our admin to finish projects and make uh better overall .
for those not in the know ut announced plans to open a campus in houston near medical center .
i have been interested in a woman very much yet like the title suggests she hardly knows i exist .
we have talked before about 5-6 years ago i told her i had a crush on her but its possibly believed that i had gotten over it .
we had started talking the summer just before/after grad and i played it cool but she did n't seem interested in holding up a conversation .
confident thinking leads me to believe she was also trying to play it cool .
it would be strange/clingy for me to talk to her again at this point but i really want to be a part of her life and get to know her better .
i have accepted the idea that we may never even be friends let alone a relationship type thing .
but it seems there are many loose ends here that can maybe be fixed but my social skills are not great and i dont feel very confident about talking again .
especially we have rarely interacted in person as we are both too shy me because i like her and her because shes a quiet person .
well i 'd like to hear what people have to say about this wether it be opinions solutions even insults .
edit i 'm not obsessing over this woman however she is associated with some pretty intense feelings whenever she crisses my mind say once every two weeks or so
i have done plenty of independent research and understand that i eventually will want to upgrade the cpu on this build .
also i have case situated and i truely ca n't find windows cheaper through legitimate means .
i want to ask few things is a addition to any general advice .
will i be able to play to the current catalogue of games at any settings above medium at 60 fps ?
do i have more then a year before i am forced into an i5 .
i know i ca n't over clock this should i look into doing that ever ?
and anything else you can add or suggest will be much appreciated .
i 'm ascending soon and i just want to make sure my first build is one i look back on fondly .
as the title says i 'm getting a message saying disk read/write error '' that interrupts the download .
had the same problem when downloading the dev server 2 weeks ago although that time it simply would not download properly .
like seriously in pickup ball all everyone cares about is offense and breaking ankles and etc .
i do get many steals and quite a ton of blocks but when i lockdown nobody notices !
and thats why i get picked last carry my team on d and get no credit ... smh
my blocks are the only thing people cheer me for ... ..
and my offense too but goddang defense why is it always unnoticed ? ?
had a dream last night i was on field at tcf bank stadium the big m was in the middle of the field for some reason and i was warming up with the minnesota vikings and we were listening to lil wayne lollipop i was thinking to myself why are we playing this old ass song then for some reason i kept talking to sage rosenfels and he was wearing one of those drinking hats that allow you to attached two beers or whatever and has a straw running down .
anyways the next frame of my dream i 'm coming out of the tunnel in a golf cart and we drive off of the field into the abyss .
woke up with cold sweats what a crazy ass dream that was .
looking for a competent team who has not done the criminal mastermind challenge but is willing to work on it .
will do a few practice heists just to get into the swing .
edit i 'm going to close this for now since it seems we have more than enough to get this done .
just wondering if anyone knows if there 's a chance of being banned for using this .
i wish i was a girl so i could read fan fiction or erotic literature in public .
so heavily reposted content could be avoided or filtered out by users .
basically in my video i talk about how the visual similarites to some of the children point to who they possess
now of course i need to state that the visual similarites are not because the animatronics are based off of the kids or the kids are dressing based off of the animatronics .
rather scott just made them look like that to point to who they possess .
which is why i 'm trying to find a term for this soemthing that has no in in universe explanation but is to help the fans notice something in the story .
i tried to look on tv tropes for soemthing but i could n't find it .
if you know a term that fits this description then please tell me .
edit thanks guys i think i found the right term but if you still want to suggest some you can .
for example i asked her who won the last uva football game .
hmmm i ca n't find the answer to the question you asked ''
same question ... virginia eked out a win over georgia tech by a score of 27 to 21 last saturday ''
it seems the ai is n't there ... any hope ?
just a picture album of some goodies that i think the good people at r/guitar would dig .
i was going to a house with my close friend he brought along a girl with him that lives on his dorm .
he told me before had he was kinda into her but he 's currently hooking up with another chick on the dorm and he seems semi-serious about that girl i was a little confused .
i saw her and immediately thought she was really cute but then she was my friend 's date for all intents and purposes so i was fully ready to relegate myself to driver for the day/night .
it was a pretty long drive to the party about 4 hours with alot of stops picked up two other friends on the way and we were all having alot of fun on the drive .
the more we were driving though the more my friend was trying to flirt with her but she started acting dismissive with him he even bought her chocolate and she acted very dismissive of the gesture and very flirty with me .
when we stopped to buy food she was like you all should just go and leave me and op in the car '' and was teasing me leaning on me alot of staring i even think i saw her wink at me but now i 'm wondering if i 'm imagining it .
we finally get to party and i 'm really excited to see my friends had n't seen her in a while and she sticks with me most of the night while i 'm talking to my friends .
she did n't really know anyone else at the party though and my friend is much more of social butterfly than me so maybe it was just convenient .
alot more touching flirting and me getting to know her one of the main things she did that made me think this was interested was when she told me i 'm really tired of being single but i ca n't deal with needy guys blowing up my phone all the time but i want a boyfriend '' and dancing together .
at one point my bro was looking pretty down so i started to feel a bit guilty and told her to go dance with him to which she was hesitant at first then eventually gave him one dance and came right back .
at another point my ex called me over to talk whole other story and new girl stood there waiting and when i told her that it 'd take awhile she got really upset saying she was me and caused a semi-scene until i got my bro to calm her down .
after the party when he got back to the dorm she was saying things like after this i 'm only going out if you guys me and my friend take me '' .
to a point i got a vibe she wanted to hook-up that night but seeing that she went with my friend and he seemed kinda upset at the whole thing i thought talking was cool but anything more would be fucked up on my part .
i took her number she gave me her number and all forms of social media which i 've never seen a girl do before and then after she left my friend told me i like her but if you like her you should go ahead '' to which i told him i did .
now i was thinking i 'm clearly in here but since then it 's seemed like it was all in my imagination or something .
i messaged her asking her out about a week later last week friday to which she said she booked out atm and would have to find the time later down the line .
she said she 'd definitely figure something out '' so i thought hey not that bad of an answer so i just told her to get back to me when she figured out her schedule .
then yesterday i was hanging out at the same friend 's dorm playing video games when he invites her over .
she comes but says she ca n't stay long because she has a project due at midnight and she has n't eaten or slept since the day before .
her and my bro seem alot of more flirty this time than the last time and she 's showing me alot less attention which i just play off as best as i can .
she and my friend go for food i had already eaten so i had no reason and when he comes back i ask what happens and he says he wanted to buy her food but she basically told him that she could n't accept stuff from somebody she likes '' to which all i really pick out is the somebody he likes '' part .
i then ask if something happened since the party to which he says no there 's nothing going on and i should still go for it if i want .
i think i 've now made the mistake of getting too wrapped up into this girl a girl i was dating before called me that night i and felt absolutely nothing but apathy all of a sudden because she was n't this new girl but it seems like she was either just being friendly to the new person she never met before although she did n't seem that way with anybody else in the car or anyone else at the party or she was just using me to make my friend jealous somehow more likely .
me and him have hooked up with/chased after the same girl before and it 's never affected our friendship but this seems different somehow .
i 'm thinking if she 's into me she 'll come back with a plan for us to hang out like we planned and if not i 'm just know i 'm screwed .
i should just let the chips far where they may ?
tl dr met a girl thru my friend thought we hit it off quite well but now i feel like she was just using me to get to him and wondering if i should back off or continue to try to date her since i 'm really starting to like her .
should a person specifically me build a cheap but decent 600 pc sorta as an entry '' into pc gaming and expand on that as time goes on
or should the person save for a few extra months and get a 1.5k pc right off the bat ?
i sort of feel like getting a cheap pc as my first and then casually add better parts to it to experiment and stuff .
building an amazing pc straight off the bat seems a little too much .
i also do n't care much for the best of the best .
i am perfectly fine running all of my games on a steady 40-60 fps on medium .
my mum is dropping hints that she 'd quite like a bone china teapot for christmas this year and i must confess i do n't know the first thing .
googling has turned up a few results although weirdly most of them seem to be us based .
preferably i 'd like to go to a physical store and see the selection for myself but i do n't know of any that might sell them besides the big department stores .
so before i give up and go to john lewis can any of you recommend a good vendor that i should check out first ?
looking to join a team for esea or que up in mm down for anything but down to play seriously .
need 4 other experienced players for a smooth quick kf run .
know your shit so all 6 of us can knock this out .
oh my god i could n't believe how awesome it is .
i wish they 'd use that it in civil war and the solo movie .
today i found out that after years of having the same gamertag microsoft decided that my name isnt appropriate which i will even admit it isnt the most appropriate it 's fireinurcrotch ive had it since i was a kid and in all the time it was never a problem before so why now ?
i cant find a way on the enforcement page to even ask about it .
also does this mean i have to pay to change the crappy new name they gave me .
edit well guess ill just have to think of something new thanks for the help guys
do we move down equally often as up and when does this vary ?
if down is defined as where you accelerate toward like orbit curves toward planet then there are 2 cases
if dense ground is on one side of me and lighter air unbalanced more on the other side of me my down is toward wherever i will have things of equal density all around me toward the heavier-than-air ground .
it just appears that way because we rarely see it when on all our sides there are things of equal density as us .
when floating in water we sink to a level of equal density as us at least on average counting air in the lungs etc .
underwater there is no geodesic except to vibrate in many tiny loops and stay at rest .
if there was a down why isnt anything falling toward it ?
how 's the zombies in bo3 compare to bo2 bo1 and waw
i 'm currently ending my internship period at an inspection company that works on construction .
they 've offered me a full time position and my boss told me it 's realistic for me to nearly double my starting salary in 3 years starting at 40k now and raising as high as 70k in a few years .
it 's possible to advance pass this salary mark by gaining further education and certifications which i 've been ensured will all be sponsored by the company so i wo n't have to pay anything out of pocket .
the point being made here is that the career path/development seems to be very quick and promising .
the benefits offered seem to be pretty standard for this type of work worker 's comp health insurance 401k optional dental
i 'm a recent grad so i do n't really have much of a career anyway but does this sound like a good way to get started ?
i 'm lacking in confidence for making decisions of this caliber and commitment .
would you guys find this attractive or would you look elsewhere for entry-level employment ?
major and i go to the stamford campus business school .
i 'm taking business classes now and enjoy them very much .
i would like to study marketing as a concentration .
has anyone taken any upper level business classes at stamford ?
i wanted to hear how some professors are or which were your favorites .
also has anyone taken a marketing class online with rajan ?
how is her class and is it easy to do well ?
i 've been wanting to put together an envelope filled with random things .
i 'm only looking to do maybe 2 or 3 of these so i do n't get in over my head .
update ok that 's two closing the offer for now .
me and my friend are going to busan and i see there are two places to play casino games seven luck and paradise .
also does anyone have any experience with these 2 places ?
it 's unknown on the wiki so thought i would tell those who do n't know
i 'm sick of how baggy my current riding jeans are .
i have n't really looked too hard for a tailor that can hem them to my measurements .
went to a place in santa clarita called j david 's .
if you have a tailor that you recommend that works on kevlar lined jeans in santa clarita or the san fernando valley please let me know .
option two is to go out and buy a new pair .
the only places i can think of are cycle gear and berts mega mall .
i do n't like how skimpy the bilt iron workers are with the kevlar .
and the scorpion covert pros i bought from berts are just too baggy .
maybe a rematch but after that they wo n't have anything to do in nxt .
and they would both get awesome reactions in the rumble .
recently i have been having issues with my second monitor on my hd60 pro not showing any signal while my desktop monitor receiving the hdmi in signal works properly .
messing around i found that the issue was mainly attributed to hdcp .
i am sure you experienced streamers already know this but for a noob like myself i did not know a workaround .
after searching i found this video on youtube https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=r__nn8649pe
the video explains that one would want to make sure all of their hdcp capable applications on their xbox one is completely closed out .
if i 'm correct i think someone said in the comments that this solution can be implemented by just unplugging your console but i followed what the video author suggested and unplugged my console .
after performing the actions he laid out i have had no issues with my hdmi out from the hd60 pro .
the signal to my tv has been on the whole time while making changes to video resolution bit rate etc ... additionally it also fixed a recent issue that i was experiencing not receiving any game audio the sound amplitude bars on the game capture software by elgato was not moving .
i tried other remedies first such as messing with the hdmi audio options in the xbox one settings but that did not work .
since fixing the hdcp issue i am no longer experiencing issues with the game capture software and actually feel that my computer is able to handle it a lot better .
overall make sure all of the hdcp capable applications tv netflix etc ... are closed/quit on your console before beginning your streaming process .
i do n't know if solely quitting the applications without doing a hard reset will work but if you can perform the hard reset to ensure no applications are running in the background .
dang taurus demon decided to be tough for once and played whack a mole with me .
prior to about a year ago i used to be fairly active in the giant bomb community but became disillusioned with the pervasive censorship and heavy handed moderation even before gg broke out .
after receiving a temp ban which was justified more than otherwise i decided to take a break from games .
even though i still love video games i do n't think i really belong with the duders any more .
as i ease myself back into the hobby i 've started a new blog at www.endless-september.com http www.endless-september.com to bleed off some of my long-form thoughts on video games and gamergate .
i hope you all enjoy the first post http endless-september.com/2015/11/06/explaining-the-new-elite-and-their-taste-in-games which examines the worldview and goals of the sjws in gaming who i 've termed the new elite and how it naturally produces their preferences in games .
as a new player i 'm finding myself wishing people would be a bit better about following the spoiler rules in the stickied post .
t'would be nice to not have story spoilers in titles where they 're kinda unavoidable to a casual browser .
someone who really likes this game but has n't yet had time to complete the story .
hey running my group through crimson throne and i 've come across an issue where early pathfinder does n't translate into modern pathfinder all the well .
there are certain cleric abilities that i ca n't find either the equivalent feat/spell for or just plain do n't exist anymore .
improved turning i assume maybe they get a 4 to turning feat ?
i was running through the story mission buried insight '' on my fourth character and decided to wander and look around taking the mission slow .
i ended up finding these notes all around the instance and i got really excited being the explorer type at heart .
i do not want to spoil too much in case people want to complete it for themselves i also blocked out the secret on the images .
i was a bit discouraged that it turned out this was associated with the story achievements and i was wondering if anyone knows of any interesting secrets or point me to a place where i can find such information which are n't associated with achievements .
i have read through all of the books and history scattered around rata novus and that 's the kind of stuff that interests me most .
the btc has reached 500 and now the big crash 350-360
what if the pilot with command in a drop had a special color dorito like green or purple to signify where they are and encourage others on a more primal level to follow their lead ?
i feel like it 's real easy to lose track of your leader sometimes i do know the q trick .
furthermore what about a special color dorito orange or yellow for whoever on the enemy team is being r '' targeted by your commander ?
i bet it would be useful in solo queue for encouraging focus if nothing else .
i used this http www.tonymacx86.com/el-capitan-desktop-guides/172672-unibeast-install-os-x-el-capitan-any-supported-intel-based-pc.html create_unibeast guide to setup clover .
i messed something up with imessage and have to reinstall .
i reformatted it once after the imessage blunder but it wo n't boot anymore !
i tried reformatting it again but this time around it wo n't even get me past the loading screen after choosing external in the clover boot menu .
how do i go about undoing everything and starting from scratch ?
do you guys ever come across anime scenes/moments that are so good it nearly moves you to tears ?
sometimes i would nearly even cry and the scene is n't even close to being sad .
wanted to know if it 's just me or ...
i never seem to find lands like these in any edh decks i see .
i saw in the stream last night the guy talked to the hairstyle guy but i was wondering do anyone know if he only change the hair or you can also style your facial hair .
i get bored during long drives and would enjoy having people to talk to or just listen in on their conversation .
i am watching number patterns dance in my head .
each time you grow up a power in size and gain a new digit place transitioning from 99 to 100 999 to 1000 and so on you gain a new spot where a number can be a new variable a new combination a new dimension a new resolution .
2-d reality changing until it has no more combinations to be .
expanding its maximum size and capacity until it can no longer grow and must evolve to the next reality adding a dimension and evolving and transcending into a 3-d reality .
first the seed is 1-d it grows upwards first out of the darkness of the soil towards the sun becoming 2-d with just the stem going in one line upwards .
then it becomes 3-d when it sprouts a leaf or branch and expand into 3-d space .
repeating the process each time the number expands to its max capacity and transcends into the next reality having unified all it 's available combinations into such that all realities recursively inwards have each experienced all of their possible combinatorial possibilities and rising to become a 9 or the highest number available in any given number base .
there is no where else to go but expand grow evolve etc .
rolling over to add a digit as all the nines are destroyed back to nothingness back to the void of a 0 by using up all of the energy in the recursively sub realities together to transcend into the next reality .
sacrificing the self for the growth into a greater self akin to a snake shedding its skin or a crab it 's shell .
now alone for just a moment before watching the inner realities change and grow now viewing the process from the outside looking all the while experiencing this new grander reality as we would ours new and inexperienced learning to master the new dimension that exists in the new reality .
each iteration and growth taking longer requiring more patience to master than the last an there now exist greater complexities and configurations .
the other day my 6s plus on the 9.2 beta broke and i had it replaced from the apple store .
unfortunately there was an error on my icloud backup from that day and whenever i attempt to restore from it the phone freezes at the apple logo startup screen .
i attempted to restore this backup on multiple devices to no avail .
i was able to download the backup from icloud using some software on my computer and i have all of the contents from the backup in a folder on my desktop .
now my question is how can i seamlessly get these files on the phone and recognized ?
i specifically need the app data messages and photos .
i am about to launch my website should be another week or two and have a sum of money in the budget to spend on advertising .
i am curious what the best ways to go about this are .
i 've read on here people doing it through facebook and others doing it through paid ad networks etc .
i 'm just looking for some views on the best options and then some explanation on how to go about doing it .
i need a good quality microphone for something and i remember them saying his is very popular for live and recording .
edit is this http www.amazon.com/shure-sm58s-vocal-microphone-switch/dp/b0000aqrsu/ref=sr_1_1 ? s=musical-instruments ie=utf8 qid=1446790398 sr=1-1 keywords=shure+sm58 it ?
i remember woody saying it was a popular live mic and this was listed as one .
one thing that i miss from popcorntime is the remote app to control popcorntime from my smartphone
i 'd love to help building a remote app if there 's anyway to control stremio externally .
also if there is i18n internationalizatio i can also help with translation to portuguese .
i just hit supreme and now i really feel like dedicating more time to csgo .
are there any good practice routines out there so i can improve at a steady rate for maybe like 30 minutes to an hour a day ?
i 've been struggling with this for a couple days now and everything i have tried has n't worked .
what i want to do is detect each label touched when a user swipes downwards on the screen .
i 've tried adding a gesture recognizer to the screen but that does n't detect the individual labels .
i 've tried adding code to touchesbegan and touchesmoved but that 's not detecting the labels just the main view .
for the detection i 've set both a restoration id and a tag for my labels .
i 'm trying to use it for selecting time ranges so each hour from 7a 10p has it 's own label and then when the user swipes over them i want to store the time range .
that she ca n't take any more crises from me .
i went in for an mri today but found myself in the emergency room .
she told me as she was sitting there next to me .
it 's amazing how odpixel went from nobody to somebody almost overnight .
i 'd question if someone who only talks about adventures and netflix '' really knows what they want .
look for someone with personality not just a pretty face .
as to your profile you 're on a good start .
also harsh or controversial things could be quick turn offs for example i 'm anti-guns so if i see you like hunting i 'm not going to respond .
ex religion t-shirts with controversial band names drinking pics your interests are fine but know that a girl is going to pick up on these .
keep asking her questions about herself if she does reply .
and do n't be too quick to ask on a date we are cautious creatures .
message her for several days and be really interested before springing for coffee .
ok well i live on the east coast and its 10:45. you sould probably start your fucking game .
you got people who live in memphis watching this game and its like 9:30 for them too .
i eat things that can be eaten '' on the other hand is a great line for a twitter bio .
i knew it was a huge rush of dopamine straight to the head but i did n't think of the come down .
but which of the two comments are you gon na use to show him ?
why do you think she agreed to the settlement ?
i ca n't imagine the overall circumstances for both of you changed much since then .
some animals choose one mate and mate for life .
still others are serial monogamists one mate per mating season but they choose a new one fresh each year .
it 's also common for males to be more promiscuous and females to be more picky especially in mammals .
ikr wtf it took all the way till a month after the end of the regular season ? ! ?
the moment the man started opening his mouth all i heard was retard .
but anyways at least you 're on the right side op .
we can all laugh at the idiots who believe in byron together .
they 're inexpensive they look good they do n't take up too much room and they are all your favorite characters .
oh wait to not buy more ... . never-mind .
do n't add stuff until you have something that works and you know it works .
the tl dr is that the vacation that you are 'given ' in january was accrued the previous year and you are owed that compensation .
most likely you will just be cut a cheque and payed out but some employers may just let you take the vacation and then quit .
it is simpler and advantageous for both parties to just terminate the relationship and pay out any outstanding compensation .
if you were to quit in december you would be payed for 11/12th of your vacation .
i want one of those pranks in the hood guys to actually get shot
watching and hearing him speak in person he does n't seem articulate at all .
he seems more articulate and literate in his blog posts which mind you are lengthy ... i 'm honestly starting to think that he actually pays someone to write for his blog .
i was trying to reply to someone sarcastically but accidentally made a new comment .
'' what gets me about the soldiers are n't heroes '' refrain is that it 's so clearly teenagers and college students tryin to tear down anyone who receives public respect because they 're dissatisfied with their own lives . ''
damn i usually drink two 4 oz bottles and by the end of the first one i 'm already a little quezy haha
samuel clemens was damn right about the use of really '' ... ..
could you go more into detail about how int and end effect fo4 .
idk if i want to invest so heavily when i 'm hurting so bad but i 'll start snooping around and seeing if there 's anything i can do to get the ball rolling .
actively maintaining a market is a bit more time than i 'm willing to invest i think but i could probably do one or two items at a time that ate medium demand .
yeah i think you 're right i will do more smaller pieces thanks !
i think his tweet has more to do with the fact that he 's friends with samoa joe .
yep someone had to do it if not me someone else but as long there 's no official news about the hair ... .well ... ..hey hand some popcorn
i 'm pretty sure they would n't know it 's joseph stalin anyway .
tell me how much people are being charged to play the new event ?
event tickets are free just from playing yet everyone is crying about having to pay ''
interesting ... i 've never had to pay for free things before !
i work in an incredibly specialized field there are only two places of work here in my city and they all know each other and talk to each other .
if i tried to apply to the other place which i have thought about i am about 98 sure my current boss would find out
they did bring back chef as a boss fight in the stick of truth '' though ... .so nothing 's impossible .
fair point state that was actually on the wrong side of the civil war .
a slightly bigger race riot when you think about it .
up until 2.0 i 've been very happy with sniper rifles .
and while my background is n't halo its cod black ops 1 before the quick scoping became a demand the community could n't live without .
my issue with post 2.0 snipers is that i 've died behind corners multiple times .
is it my connection i 'm not sure i 'm always at a green bar .
you know when the death screen pops up and it lines the camera up with your orb and the sniper ?
i think its wrong when i can see the standing player who has n't moved fully behind the cover i 'm standing behind .
while i think some of the ttk maps have curved walls and reveal more of yourself than you think i think aim assist might bend the bullet around cover or the net code is bad .
but i agree unbalanced snipers see cod ghosts ruin the fun .
this isnt directed at you specifically but i feel like alot of people are not really understanding how huge losing cootch was .
on many rosters he could be their star center .
he is great in both zones and with him on the 2nd line we had 3 very deep lines and a 4th line that was serviceable with tierney .
losing any teams top center will create an obvious rift in the team .
jones is going through some growing pains which is alright because he has still been good .
not to mention he has been playing with other injuries .
deboer deserves some blame i agree but with what he was given and what has happened i dont blame him as much .
honestly i was at the point where i 'd rather get 25 dollars back and the phone shows up next week hopefully than get it in a day or two for full price .
should be able to snag a good deal with black friday coming along also some places sell floor models for cheap
and if both players in a fight are using a controller its an even playing field so no limitation of less accuracy besides practice which also applies to a mouse and key board .
also there are enough buttons on a controller for all abilities to be used with one button press .
max abilities including alt fires and ults is like what 5,6 maybe 7 ?
i 'm about to turn off the radio lol .
i 'm not even watching and it 's still that bad .
i 've never started one but i 'm all for it .
the first step would be determining how much to ask for and what exactly it would go towards .
i 'll check into what it takes and report back .
i 'm sure there is some type of trust that can be set up for college .
as far as counciling and relocation we would have to get into touch with the family .
any idea other than facebook on how to get in touch with her ?
in this video i test a 16.8v 33.6v and 50v battery pack for the induction heater .
this could be used as a portable battery powered cooktop a tool to loosen seized nuts and bolts with heat and many more uses .
you could go camping with rechargeable fuel for cooking .
in the next video i will show you how to induction case-harden tools and other steel hardware .
this induction heater works by pulsing the dc at a high frequency about 160khz .
this creates a constantly changing magnetic field that induces eddy currents in conductive materials near the coil .
ferromagnetic materials will also heat up due to hysteresis .
this is the heat produced from rapidly changing magnetic fields in the material .
induction heating is more efficient than many other methods because there is less wasted heat .
for example induction cooktops are more efficient than electric and gas stoves .
i 'll be making more attachments and demonstrating more practical uses for inductive heat .
it 's zoe ex talking about zoe 's dishonesty .
zoe quinn is a public figure and the exes of public figures sometimes go to the public .
only difference is that it happened to a female so called feminist game developer .
your idea of public figure '' is pretty broad .
b anyone writing that post is engaging in harassment sorry .
nobody writes ten thousand words screeds against their exes and then posts them on a dozen sites in order to warn others . ''
gjoni even admitted to a journalist that he knew it would cause further harassment .
there 's basically no civilized world in which that post is ok .
because they had participated in harassment campaigns before and because it showed that ethics in games journalism was n't the core issue they wanted to go after from the get-go .
try asking yourself this question what in the zp had anything to do with a supposed feminist takeover of games writing ?
so why did it become the central driving issue ?
one of the single most visible anti-gger 's on twitter has a history of paedophilia and child pornography .
you do know that he effectively drove all uses of the polytron hacked documents including the igf stuff thence on to indie-fensible ?
that he intentionally blew up efforts at engagement and discussion including ones with press people like auerbach ?
i care about journalists making a distinction between people saying that zoe quinn got positive coverage because she was to close to journalists and people posting her home address online and sending her death and rape threats .
failing to do so is to fail in journalistic ethics .
i already stated above that this was a journalistic fail .
however there 's still the fact that people who only wanted to talk about ethics did in fact ally themselves with people who were doxxing and threatening in public .
nathan grayson covered a story including zoe quinn while having a romantic affair with her .
even if stephen totilio is in denial about this .
kotaku 's version of events states on march 31 nathan published the only kotaku article he 's written involving zoe quinn .
it was about game jam a failed reality show that zoe and other developers were upset about being on .
at the time nathan and zoe were professional acquaintances .
he quoted blog posts written by zoe and others involved in the show .
shortly after that in early april nathan and zoe began a romantic relationship .
gg went on to go scour through twitter timelines and the best they came up with was planning for a trip to vegas occurred before the dateline of the posting of an article which included quinn . ''
which says nothing about when the article was written much less the fact that the article was a summary of someone else 's article .
that 's the sort of thing of which ambiguity is made particularly when the editor of the publication says his leadership team meaning not just him went on to investigate and decide there was no issue .
gg simply chose to disbelieve him even though later on he went on to come clean on the hernandez case .
in my assessment you ca n't explain the origin of the burgerandfries logs without mentioning the dmca takedown of mundanematts video .
which if it was from quinn which we do n't know since all we have is a screenshot from mm was a stupid thing to do .
of course mundanematt was spreading her ex 's vile post so i would understand why she did it if she did but it 's the wrong tool .
both the starting point of grayson and quinn and the following reporting on gamergate are an issue of journalistic ethics .
go look at the percentage of the zp which is about journalistic ethics seriously .
why is that gg 's never ask whether it was ethical to report on the harassment ?
p or to spread the stupid zp in the first place ?
no it was the moderation on various forums deleting all the giant threads that gjoni and fellow travelers started .
the press did investigate the grayson allegation and concluded there was nothing there .
gg just did n't like that answer on the grounds that the press was too corrupt to investigate itself .
your first picture does n't look like saddle brown it looks closer to olive brown .
k state has the ball with 51 ... .nevermind it was just intercepted by baylor..
i 've heard that this one http www.aliexpress.com/item/1x30-tactical-holographic-red-green-dot-riflescope-sight-scope-for-shotgun-rifle-hunting/32302348651.html ? ws_ab_test=searchweb201556_3_71_72_73_74_75 searchweb201644_5 searchweb201560_9 is n't half bad .
besides it 's so cheap that even if it is n't amazing you ca n't complain .
biggest shitshow of a store i 've ever seen .
i 'm not sure this has crossed your mind but wg deliberately puts extras in with the ship to force you to spend more to get said ship .
they 're not selling the ships alone which is why i was pissed which was why i made the post .
if you 're happy paying for the extra stuff that 's on you .
personally i just want an option to buy just the ship without anything else .
yeah that is what i 'm talking about softshells are good for protecting you from wind and some light rain but are n't good for heavy rain .
you want a hardshell something like the marmot minimalist http marmot.com/products/details/minimalist-jacket-30380 which is made from a waterproof fabric .
100 will be waterproof but have no breath-ability so prepare to sweat like mad .
100 225ish will be more breathable but may wet through in harder rainstorms
225 700 will be quite waterproof and breathable for comfort these are the goretex and equivalent fabrics .
the more expensive you get you are paying for special lighter materials that pack well .
unless you live somewhere where it rains a lot or are doing outdoors stuff you can probably stick in the 100 225 range and get something good enough .
i 'd only recommend the cheaper jackets if money is really tight .
i 'd say jack white or jonny greenwood over mayer .
it 's not that the phrase exists it 's that narcissistic fuckwaded customers learned about it .
these salty dick-licks intentionally overlook the implied contradiction in the phrase to help them be shittier .
the phrase the customer is always right '' was supposed to be a behind the scenes pep-talk to employees .
it 's a way of saying yes this person is clearly wrong .
make him think he 's right so you can get on to the next customer .
although i do n't see the point in discussing the political/economic beliefs of a fucking actor the quote is clearly taken out of context .
welfare the bail-outs he was addressing it was means for him to convey a life experience .
i 'm not sure what this says about me .
there is a ton of interesting information plus she is an amazing professor and manages to keep the class engaged for the entirety of the two hour lecture period .
i 'd love to see how many shots ibaka has got in the 4th quarter for his career compared to the first 3 quarters
sure but it 's still a limit that exists in their 'unlimited ' plan .
you would n't call any restaurant 'all you can eat ' even though it 's technically true as long as you keep on paying .
i grew up in elverta i 'm very familiar with the northern californian trash .
because when the people get fighting the dramanauts get posting ...
it would n't stay true to the soul of the character .
i 'll agree you are n't a theif if you agree you are n't a pirate .
i 'm at tier 5 in aw and i know there 's differences but that does n't change the fact that the game has no character it does n't feel unique or even worth playing because i 've got so much progress in wot and because its so similar and yes even with atgms pve and the few other minor differences it 's still incredibly similar there 's literally no reason to drop it all and go play a game that has less polish .
the only people who will seriously stay with aw are the people that like modern tanks more then wwii to early cold war tanks the people who hate wargaming and the few new people it picks up which wo n't be many seeing as it seems aw 's entire target audience is world of tanks players
it seems aw wants to be a 'wow killer ' type game the problem with being that is that people will try it for a bit see its broadly similar to the game they already play and have a lot of progress in and just go back to the old game .
this has been the case with wildstar swtor and guild wars 2 although that 's at least doing kind of well unlike the other 2 .
all these games were supposed to be the wow killer and besides guild wars 2 they 're pretty much dead or dying
oh yeah and its fine for wot to be an inspiration but saying aw is inspired by wot is like saying a painting of the mona lisa with a few extra trees in the background was inspired by the original mona lisa and no i do n't think wot is a mona lisa of the tank game genre its just a painting everyone knows and the only one i know by name
i know he does but usually he 's active on social media but this time there 's absolutely nothing .
the last post on his twitter was a retweet on july 24th .
that 's the reason for this thread i 'm starting to wonder if something happened like his back problems came up again making him unable to check his computer/dead or if he 's just taking an undisclosed break .
he 's had a pretty big following for a really long time .
probably not as good but the third hunger games movie was great and the next one comes out at the end of the month .
i feel like the whole year has been bad for movies but i 'm going to be spending a lot of dough at the theater in a couple weeks .
edit second time it guessed jack from all time low .
double edit never got matt but did get mike .
i hope picking jimmy buckets and his adopted brother dougie buckets does n't bite me in the ass
'really high guy ' just does n't have the same ring to it .
my preference would have been to have only 15-20 portfolios but appoint 10-15 ministers without portfolio '' to fill the diversity requirements .
there 's a significant number of ministers of things which really do n't need to be ministries .
your submission was removed because it does not include a required game system/console tag .
make sure you include the game system/tag in the title surrounded by brackets not parenthesis such as ps4 vog nm lf3m .
please check our announcement post https www.reddit.com/r/fireteams/comments/2xhz6c/announcement_new_title_requirements for information about tagging your submission properly then resubmit it with the correct tag .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/fireteams if you have any questions or concerns .
actually you clearly have n't comprehended a single example i gave but fine let 's go through your moronic responses in detail .
there is a specific combination above with video evidence but sure let 's just keep ignoring everything .
the double lucio double winston quad tank push is already breaking cp maps and payload maps on offense in a ludicrous way .
it 's disturbingly effective against it 's own counters but the problem is that no standard '' composition can match it so it forces hard swaps and in the 10 seconds to run back and the 10 seconds to respawn plus the 5 seconds to do as much damage as you can and die they can claim a cp and be swarming the next or they can push a payload 2/3 of a phase if not more before you can even get back to them with your newly swapped counters all of which have zero ultimate charge because you were forced to swap just now .
now let 's waste some more of my time on you .
it was purely an ultimate concept but anyone with half a brain could figure it would be on a damage dealing character because putting it onto a tank or support while unique is completely questionable design .
but even if it was on one of them the point still stands .
the character has to be strong enough to stand on it 's own in a team and pull it 's weight or it 's pointless and will inevitably be buffed until it can .
it does n't matter how fucking squishy something is people are still playing zenyatta .
that 's what mercy winston lucio and your defensive tank are for .
so what the actual fuck is your point there ?
i have no idea what kind of rock you 're living under but i 'm guessing they do n't have the internet there for you .
research must be some crazy concept you have n't quite figured out yet .
so we have this zeus ultimate character who can do enough damage or have enough utility to hold his own place in a team now the zeus ultimate itself also has to feel like an ultimate .
it ca n't do 35 damage because that 's just terrible .
if you only had one on the team it could do as much as 145 damage if mercy was n't a factor in the game .
but she is so that 's already a design limitation that has to be balanced around .
because having it do 75 damage still means it gets boosted to over 110 damage and mercy can take turns boosting each of them so that 's a full wipe on every support and damage dealer .
but a 75 damage to everyone ultimate is actually pretty fucking lacklustre .
so instead because of mercy 's dumb design and her interaction with double ups and double ups in general this is something that could n't be added to the game because it would not work .
artificial design limitation because of min-maxing and it 's effect in a coordinated setting .
so there are two examples i 've already said but despite your past reading comprehension failures i 'll give you another shot with it laid out for someone who ca n't think about the more specific details themselves .
i had something really weird with my 3v3 team .
one game we played bs diamonds and a plat and the following game we played vs 3 bronze 4 players .
if its gotten to a point where he knows where you live or at least the general area then get the police involved .
rick should n't let the mavs drop this one after the loss to the raptors .
i ca n't wait until 2035 when we have 2015-themed dress up parties and everyone wears exactly the same bearded hipster outfit so people like this can see how fucking pretentious they used to be .
with everything you have said i think it is time for you to move alone to nc and reconnect with your boys .
i am worried that this relationship has taken you very far from your kids who probably really need you .
my son is very upset if i am gone for a day .
and so am i. i understand that you have issues with your ex-wife .
but being on the other side of the country dealing with these issues can not leave you much time or energy for your sons .
i suggest that you go back to them as soon as possible .
which is what we are trying to change it will always suck if all the updates are for br and not survival .
except there 's that one character the mule from the foundation series .
even just the sms integration could take more than 3 hours for an expert .
yeah it was warm today but it 's going to get much colder .
i got ta agree he may have lost it but i think he had it back before the baylor player pulled it out .
i just prefer being surrounded and doing the whirly bird on them .
doing it from a distance is boring and not as fun .
yep social media and business development for a pretty large pharmaceutical co .
you can absolutely commission custom art for well under 5k .
the mta is the world 's only 24/7 mass transit system .
there will be fewer add 15-20 mins to the your transit directions to be safe .
edit i checked the 2/3 is supposed to leave 42 st heading uptown every 16 minutes at that time .
oor it 's absolutely hilarious that a bunch of relative nobodies can find the assassins but abstergo a global company with millions of dollars and thousands of personnel remains unable to find us .
everyone who claims government aid is wrong while utilizing it themselves would have it taken away and end up starving and homeless as a result .
last thing i did was download the fallout truck last night and it was working fine with that .
am i allowed to ask for you skype to show you thru screen share ?
yeah he 's finally had his break out '' year .
stay in school to be a programmer having a degree and certifications really help for a job .
i self taught myself phython then moved on from there .
have a great idea for an application but need to recruit help .
it 's hard when you do n't have money to hire help .
yah we did the swap with at t over the past 3 days then last night ran the upgrade to 15x15 .
she says the coolest thing was the museums in russia and the dances that happened everyday .
the dances were in the clubs and they played foxtrot tango waltz and other ones .
awesome just went out and got the tank it 's rad so far !
well he was lying on the ground and the ball though .
i think in terms of looks the all whites barely take it for me but i would probably get all blacks since i have a streak of ruining white shoes .
you say all you have left is the ability to have the user enter a file but that 's not the case .
there is a bunch more work to do on this .
first the code for processing has nothing to do with reading a file move it out of the finally .
either in it 's own method or if you do n't know how outside of the try catch finally block .
the finally block is not to do all your logic in .
we now try to close the socket because that 's what you do with sockets
i 've actually interestingly enough heard that women tend to be able to handle more spice than men but i 'm pretty sure that it just varies based on the individual and their pain tolerance .
i ca n't feel pain quite right so it takes a lot of spice to make me hurt .
i usually succumb to mouth numbness and such before it becomes unbearable .
check it out though they do n't really have a clear conclusion .
yes i had fun and did n't go to any panels go with friends
have you seen soy with brim yo it 's terrible soy with poly 's pretty decent but soy with brim and the knife without libra is dog shit .
i see your point but i really think you should have given seshfan the benefit of the doubt here .
they did n't drop any band names in an attempt to look cool or impress anyone here .
they did n't claim to be serious about music either .
i do n't want to put words in their mouth but their attitude came across to me as a happy discovery of so much new stuff !
so much that they never knew was there before !
and people who acquire knowledge just to look cool ... well people will be doing that until the earth crashes into the sun .
i 'm honestly not sure if we should n't be charitable and give them the admiration that they want .
as long as they 're not being a huge jerk about it or using their superior minds to take a dump on 'lesser ' people .
aw i 've been waiting for this next one thanks anyways .
relax man try to give it some other things to do redirect your focus its always help sometimes just sitting will not be enough .
i think he threaten legal action but since the video is back up he did nothing .
do n't embarrass me in front of my friends .
if you ran at them they can run at you there 's not enough cc in the world to stop 5 people .
you 're asking 5 strangers to move as one unit .
for me it was a lollipop issue so i rooted the phone to get full control over the whole process but you probably have other apps running in the background as others suggested .
unfortunately your account is not yet old enough to be accepted by r/videos at this time .
we suggest that you wait a bit around a week while also commenting in some popular posts and submitting things to other subreddits for the time being .
we are sorry for any inconvenience caused and look forward to your submissions in the future .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/videos if you have any questions or concerns .
also i 'm pretty sure eris is part of ikora ray 's hidden .
my end goal of hut 16 is to acquire a bure .
i ca n't hate the players but i do hate the game .
imo nothing is worth losing your housing situation over .
if you ca n't record until you move out do n't .
if you get a chance where you are alone and can then take advantage .
the us has been funding other countries social programs since breton woods .
we need to hear your most satisfying destructive delivery .
please by the power of bettman let it happen .
felt like more could have been done with the lyrics .
im gon na have the most rockin tools at work now .
why yes my impact gun does play jump '' when squeezing the trigger ''
well then i certainly think that they do n't need any financial aid from us tax payers then .
we have other good uses for this money like paying down our debt .
we do n't need to keep feeding the mil industrial complex either .
i prefer something more like this https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=t8dtocrl5vi
we can always enforce other stupid laws ... for example it is illegal in some places to catch rainwater
i like how every time this is posted nobody ever knows or explains how the fuck they managed to get under a building and lift it using jackscrews ?
that would cost so much money our military budget would be about the same ffs
i guess some people might think that was bad .
i think its one of the rare cases where the remake is better too .
if you disable steam cloud and remove system_information it 's gone
i am not sure the first helmets were strong enough to even stop bullets .
they would just give the illusion of safety and then soldiers would abandon their usual caution and get hit more
absolutely disgusting why would you do that to yourself ?
hp intentionally gimps the cooling systems on their laptops so they can sell you cooling pads and other accessories i 've even seen an hp branded laptop bag with cooling fans before .
anyway your best bet is to install a power management utility like tlp .
even my thinkpad x201t will run hot without something like that and it has a ulv processor .
while you 're right i do n't blame u/outdoorsman124 for doubting you .
al jazeera would n't and should n't be considered a neutral source on this topic .
however this http www.amazon.com/palestinian-refugee-problem-revisited-cambridge/dp/0521009677 is one of the best sources available on the events of 1947-1949 that led to the palestinian refugee crisis .
morris that argues that forced expulsion and destruction of homes and villages was not pre-planned by zionist leaders saying that plan d of the haganah which prescribed exactly such measures was not implemented until april 1948 in anticipation of attack by surrounding arab states after the british leaving on may 15 .
he believes that it was opportunism driven by events the seizing of a one-time chance to cleanse the new state of arabs .
arabs and some other israeli historians believe it was pre-planned .
i 'm not sure that there is an ethical difference whether ethnic cleansing was pre-planned or improvised .
certainly the idea of transfer of arabs from palestine was rife in zionist circles before partition and morris includes a chapter documenting this thinking .
on the zionist left voices were raised against the policy and there are diary entries of horrified jewish observers one of whom concluded i hide my face in shame . ''
however david ben-gurion kept national unity intact by being careful not to expose in writing any draconian intentions and by telling different things to different people .
in the case of the violent wholesale expulsions from lydda and ramle a hand gesture to his staff conveyed his real intention .
the israelis were so taken with the success of arab removal that they adopted a resolute policy of no return of the refugees .
united nations moderator count folke bernadotte was dismayed that jews with their history of persecution would themselves act so unjustly .
morris reports a conversation in which bernadotte was trying to persuade moshe sharett then israel 's foreign minister to make at least a gesture of conciliation by allowing a partial return .
sharett replied that such idealism had no place in a world dominated by men of action such as himself presumably and that israel would be regarded as foolish by such men if it discarded the favorable situation created by war .
a day after the release of bernadotte 's report on refugees men of action from the stern gang murdered him .
forced expulsion and purposeful exclusion of allowing people to return is the very definition of ethnic cleansing and israel is certainly guilty of this .
they did n't force all of the refugees to leave but a very great part of them were either forced or fled in fear of being attacked a fear that was brutally grounded in reality .
the author of the book is a jewish israeli who has long studied israel 's history .
he 's a member of the so-called ' new historians https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/new_historians ' of israeli history trying to focus on finding the truth rather than whitewashing the past as had been previously done .
in my state under a 2 second following distance is a ticketable offense .
totally agree and i think with this whole different comedy outlet podcasts in general they can do whatever they want .
it threw me for a loop because of how he seemed like he was trying to get the show back on track the whole time but they took it over .
it was so entertaining for me being a fan of the whole unconventional comedy routine .
just the fact that the only normal segment he was even allowed to do was plugs which did n't even follow its normal structure .
i love characters and improv as much as any earwolf listener but seeing cbb mix up the style just makes me so happy because i know there is something different no matter who the guests are .
so then we have an economy that serves the 'needs ' really desires of the wealthy over the needs of the people in general .
for instance someone who controls lots of capital could choose to build something cool/fun for himself with limited resources as opposed to something useful for the community .
newegg will charge you for shipping unless you lie .
guessing that that will be around 4~8 bucks i doubt the shipping price to ship back to them be worth the hassle and time .
and this is without getting into the details of which is better if at all .
i just sucked it up and installed my h7 .
i agree with what others are saying but i also want to say she probably does n't feel the same way .
i say this because i think it might do you some good to hear it you sound pretty pathetic and deluded here .
please take this as a wake-up call and try to fix your marriage .
tons of people like bojack horseman that 's not a sign that you 've found your soulmate .
i 'm pretty sure we all value amazon money more than steam wallet .
i 've had way more 5-minute matches against legitimate teams of new characters and gear than i have against hackers .
that pick/ban layout is trash they could n't get something more normal-looking ?
i would recommend that you wear the blue shirt that they issue you .
do n't bother ordering a jacket or a sweatshirt especially if it 's coming out of your own pocket .
depending on the paladin in 5e that 's perfectly acceptable behavior .
i interject a lot have been successful at mentally checking myself .
my mum finally figured out that all the sores on my body are n't just carpet burns like i told her but she 's not yelling at me yey .
the one in the box is the map and the one on the receipt is for a camo reticles and a calling card .
i 'm pretty sure i saw dr. manhattan when the fights had their cd release party here in central il .
hm so there 's countless stories of dogs attacking people .
oh ... and do n't even get me started on humans .
we are all beyond assholes cause there are definitely tons and tons of stories and videos of us being worse than assholes cats nor dogs have nothing on us .
ignore the many good stories you hear ... . having a lot of bad stories just means the whole group is assholes ... .
my party wins two presidential elections with a hyper charismatic candidate and thinks it has a dynasty .
we get crushed across the country in governor races legislature races and the house and senate of the federal government .
my party does stupid shit like this only to lose and have no power .
tldr i 'm frustrated but at them not you .
we have 1 minute left to see lucic get rekt .
someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit
r/starwars amazing concept of why yoda talk the way he does r\/asksciencefiction https np.reddit.com/r/starwars/comments/3rqdra/amazing_concept_of_why_yoda_talk_the_way_he_does
footer if you follow any of the above links please respect the rules of reddit and do n't vote in the other threads .
i 'm guessing the gangbang of the girl on the bottom left starts with the guy on the right administering roofies the guy in the upper left is the fluffer and the one with the eyebrows cleans up the creampie .
we 'd have to live 1950s-style lives including transport single car households dining everything cooked at home and gadgets iphones ?
personally i do n't really see fire culture growing .
i see interest in fire growing briefly but i 'll bet that the next serious market crash is going to shake a lot of people 's confidence and deflate unrealistic expectations of returns .
if you look at the population of this forum you 're going to find some commonalities .
young typically-but-not-always single typically-but-not-always no kids high incomes when compared to the median nation-wide and largely involved in well-paid technical professions engineers it medical etc .
there are only so many people who will share this confluence of factors and while i wo n't argue that they 're a litmus test for the ability to pursue fire you do need to have at least a few of them in order to have a decent chance .
tomorrow i 'm going in to see if i really do have cancer .
a terrible part of me wishes i do because there 's no way i can salvage this semester .
i 've used a safety razor before and to no avail .
the only type of razor that i know of that i have not used is a straight razor and that 's because i do n't wan na be slicing my skin off .
she 's just a blast to play on the account of her traversal .
she feels pretty balanced with some minor tweaks to her spider health being needed and maybe some mimic tweaks to make it more useful .
mimic is great against pubs but vs. good coordinated premades it 's not super useful imo .
she 's one of those monsters that is even fun to lose with ... when i lose with her i do n't feel cheated like the terrain screwed me or that i was helpless .
i 'm able to own my losses with her if that makes sense .
playing against gorgon i have fun playing against most gorgons .
she can be tough to hit if you do n't have a coordinated team and like most monsters totally pubstomps when teams do n't coordinate and bunch up .
but again she feels balanced from a hunter perspective .
will be happy when they fix the rubber banding skipping next patch .
still fights against her are hectic and super frenzied .
only parts i dislike is if it goes to relay and the gorgon took mimic and wants to waste everyone 's time trying to send them in for an engage which never happens because either it misses or it hits and we 're healed up by the time the real gorgon gets to us .
but overall fun from both perspectives for me your mileage may vary .
i once read somewhere it 's just straight up what their bo smells like is different from that of younger people due to decreases in certain hormones .
and we do n't think of it as bo because we think of bo as an invasive skanky smell best word i could think of sorry whereas old people 's just smells a lot more benign but still feels organic somehow .
that 's why old people smell can feel strangely comforting sometimes i think .
i mean remember that this is in the 40 's and she was a black chick
he did not get consent she went in for radiation therapy and he unbeknowest to her cultured her cells and removed samples from her cervix .
she only woke up to the fact afterwards she did n't consent .
johns hopkins was their only choice for a hospital since it was the only one near them that treated black patients .
howard w. jones her new doctor examined henrietta and the lump in her cervix .
he cut off a small part of the tumor and sent it to the pathology lab .
lacks was treated with radium tube inserts which were sewn in place .
after several days in place the tubes were removed and she was discharged from johns hopkins with instructions to return for x-ray treatments as a follow-up .
during her radiation treatments for the tumor two samples of henrietta 's cervix were removed—a healthy part and a cancerous part—without her permission
and thats what happens when you let women out of the house
hello your post breaks rule 3 and possibly rule 4 of r/mildlyinteresting and has been removed .
as a result this counts as a strike against your account .
please read the sidebar hover over each rule and contact the mods http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fmildlyinteresting with a link to this post if you feel this was wrongfully removed .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/mildlyinteresting if you have any questions or concerns .
ok well if the guy you like doesnt have a job doesnt have any ambition not going anywhere in life is your stereotypical badboy then i can see why your friend would say that want you to be a little more selective about guys that you like .
on the other hand if these guys you see as potential are normal and have good head on shoulders i dont see how seeing them as relationship material is so wrong .
you know not like there 's at least a 4 year age difference between them .
dude i 'm tempted to say fuck you '' .
have n't gotten a single ssr in this summon despite using a lot of stones .
i do n't even understand what you were trying to do in the first place
no because your opponent does n't know your decklist .
also you 're still required to follow the rules even when it does n't matter e.g .
if you crack a fetch and get hit with shadow of doubt you still have to shuffle your deck even if you do n't know any cards .
it takes many years to put on that much mass if you 're doing it naturally .
it sounds like they 're worried that you 're going to get fat .
just do n't get fat and you 'll be fine .
i agree with you to some extent but it also depends on your team .
you can take something like vayne or quinn top but if they do n't get fed what do you lose ?
you lose either a primary tank or a bruiser .
my opionion some stuff was allready mentioned by others but nevertheless ...
crew chief should provide some heavy support for the entire crew .
not only the allready existing little health bonus but also a minor health regen every 2/3 secs for every hostage held 0.5 per hostage up to 2.0 hp max or improve other stats based on the amount of hostages held like max armor armor regen or damage .
the goal is to keep enough hostages for maximum profit .
depending on the map crew chief can be very strong or just mediocre not everyone can intimitade cops .
the way it 's heading to seems to be the right way .
but i 'd tweak the cooldown down to something like 7-10 seconds .
1 sec invul every 7 seconds after armor breaks sounds better to me considering the fact that armorer does n't have any health reg at all .
the way gambler is heading to according to your planned changes is not fully the right way imho .
instead you should get rid of the pickup cooldown and make the ammo health you pick up for your crew and yourself pure rng .
this would really fit to the term gambler '' .
can we get a little tweak on the infiltrator health regain as well ?
rogue ... well ... you left rogue entirely out of debate .
like 2 health every 3 seconds after killing someone .
regarding my suggested buff on rogue ... make crook do the same but instead of health regain you get some armor back .
depending on the vest you 're wearing you get more armor back .
that way you can either decide for higher dodge chance and lower armor armor reg or for lower dodge chance and higher armor regen .
something like 50 of your armor every 4 seconds after killing someone .
the thing about hitman was fast armor regen while having lower armor .
we all know how it 's performance was really bad .
the new changes make hitman kind-of viable at least for ovk but it is still underpowered .
why do n't we just put in a synergy with akimbo to push our defence ?
like everytime we hit an enemy we regenerate armor .
that we we 're having a grinder-like build but instead of regenerating health we regenerate armor .
this would really fit into the whole idea of fast armor regen and would enable mid-combat regeneration paired with a fast out-of-combat regeneration .
the whole idea about a berserker perk tree sounds kinda nice but being low health is horrible on dw .
i 'd implement something like a dmg reduction depending on how low your health is .
the lower you 're health the higher the dmg reduction 25 results in something like 50 dmg reduction .
i actually have the same issue as of about two weeks ago from this post .
i even tried flashing the bios to a different version or the same version and no dice .
so it looks like we 're just out of luck and our video cards are done dead .
too bad it could n't happen next year when the new cards come out .
i 'm not really interested in whats currently on the market .
p.s did you install the newest drivers from amd by any chance a couple days before this happened ?
also was this game you were playing heroes of the storm by blizzard entertainment by any chance ?
some are going live next patch some will take months to get through testing .
dynamic queue in particular will probably not go live for a month or two and will not be available in all queues right away .
how are we supposed to take this as evidence for anything ?
if he goes to a contender then it would be a 23-30 overall pick which seems fair to hamhuis ' value .
either that or a moderate prospect but that 's rarer to happen ...
better step up your game before i make another post and you have extra work .
i only get out to test and record some pics ans vids ...
so yep i absolutely never reuse a craft my please is to design and put some cleverness and originality in conception
not going to repeat what other people have posted but i will add that there were times in the history of this game when things like tempered will spirits within cover was hella handy .
sure for current top tier raid paladin is looked down on but this could happen to other tanks in future raid contents .
it all depends on the mechanics of relevant raid tier .
it 's also a line that one of the pixies ' a band that owes much of its popularity to their song 'where is my mind ' being featured in fight club earliest audience members wrote in the form of a love letter and presented to frontman frank black .
he politely declined the advance and said that it was because he needed to focus on the band .
well that 's good because the last movie was fucking terrible
the best he could do is slap an age gate with a strong language disclaimer .
because toning down the profanity may piss off the people who liked him because of that .
at the end of the day he 's not some host on nickelodeon just a guy playing games and streaming it .
not only is battery much much better it runs like the day i bought it .
almost every country on earth requires you to get a work visa and state your intentions before you can work there .
that 's immigration law not dodging a dope test .
but i was stupid enough to go pick my phenylpiracetam up .
fortunately i was waiting in the queue when i noticed that it 's not a simple delivery .
they open each package in front of the customer and discuss its contents .
it 's bs the only dynos i can find of muffler vs muffler delete ... muffler delete wins hands down
they 're magnaflow they 're a company 100 based around selling mufflers ... vested interest and all
i remember when the original mini video came out months ago there was a lot of good posts about why it 's not true .
it 's ridiculous north koreans do n't understand the concept of kim jun-un not being god 's descendant but that 's what 's normal to them .
no more arrogant than thinking things like bigfoot do n't exist .
why is it arrogant to think that something there is no evidence of and no reason to think exists does n't ?
what 's up with all the grey people emojis ?
you 're good man i was like hey what 's this ?
so do fans make this stuff or is there like a team of asians crafting weird porn 24/7 ?
as a canadian ... seems israel is ripe for some freedom !
if you look at how the dnc picks its nominees bernie has no chance .
the fix is in for hillary and bernie 's already said he 's not going to run third-party .
so you 're going to have to decide whether you want hillary in the white house or whomever the gop picks which is probably going to be trump or possibly rubio .
will i need to wipe my phone again to upgrade to cm13 ?
or setting about phone cm update '' would do the trick ?
yeah i 'm not too worried about the rest now .
they need silly numbers on top of what i get .
i just need to keep a big gap so the judges see i 'm a clear 2nd
i really like it can you talk about your post-processing work ?
i 'm noob i see you fixed some sharpness that makes the dslr look fake
thank you for answering the question on my mind .
tony allen even said that the person handling the twitter account should be fired .
you ever seen the movie 'white men ca n't jump ' ?
it 's like those bothers would rather look good in a loss and look bad in a win '' grizzlies guard tony allen said per tillery .
whoever is in charge of their twitter should be fired .
who 's proud of losing—whether it 's by one two three or 50 ?
i personally do n't care about twitter wars but that 's probably why the employee was reprimanded .
at some fairly early point in the night on my way to get a new pint i got intercepted by 2 decent looking girls who quickly explained that it was their friends 21st birthday and she needed 21 kisses 1 each from different people if you didnt know the tradition .
i had seen the girl around before decent enough looking so i chew on her face for a few minutes .
and then head off to get my next pint .
its about 2/3am and everyone is getting kicked out .
ive got my coat from the cloak room and am bumming around waiting for my friends to come out .
who should wander over but the girl i snogged hours earlier .
but before either of us could say anything another bloke who i assume knew her stepped up and started having a conversation with her/us .
what proceeded was the most awkward and ever increasingly unsubtle attempts on her part to try and get this guy to leave .
so we ignored him and just started making out right in front of him .
i 'm not even sure he knew what was happening .
eventually one of my friends saw what was going on and laughingly guided the guy away to get a burger while myself and herself were working out who lived closest to the pub .
price would be no object for the third one .
i do n't think bungie realizes the full potential of emotes yet .
any intel on whether or not he has this as well ?
i 'd imagine that 's even worse at least to an f1 driver..
i 've always understood it to be equivalent to elementary school .
but your journey from reactionary to anarchist shows that people can change .
sometimes some people just wo n't be convinced regardless of the reality of their class status practically slapping them in the face and screaming capitalism is fucking killing you ! ''
you ca n't poison people so no laxatives but i think you would get away with it if it were actual edible food just really bad food .
would we have been better off without the world wars ?
haha that honestly sounds like my job now though i 've been there for a year but i 'm soooo ready to get out of it .
translation a dumb teen in a small boring town åmål sweden desperately wants to do drugs so she brings all of her mom 's over the counter medicines to her older sister and goes can you get high on this one ?
and her sister says no over and over and finally she says in a whiny voice but i want to do drugs ! ! ! ''
so if i 'm looking to get out of the game i get to twist not one not two but three people 's ankles before i 'm done ?
no i 've recently become very interested in psychonautics .
looks like two screeners today with o'neill and tavares .
if so i 'd suggest perhaps a google search to set you straight .
it 's unfortunately hard to find pictures of the transformation belt being worn as well as neosteel 's she-male '' belts i personally do n't like the name but the belts themselves are at least aesthetically pleasing .
i was personally wondering how good they are at hiding the balls i 've seen chastity belts being worn where you could clearly see the balls but i do n't know if they were a transformation/she-male belt or if they were even properly fitted .
i 've also seen clearly labeled pictures of both the transformation and she-male belts being worn but not from the angles i need to see .
it 's a shame because these are the kinds of belts that interest me the most as i also wish to transition .
for a piercing lock device you might want to watch the profile on the device or you might have problems tucking it .
with the pa-5000 the lock is on the bottom so there should n't be too much of a bump in your panties but it might put pressure on your taint .
wow thanks for all these suggestions hope i can fit everything into such a short timeframe !
have you learned nothing from the geoff marcy affair ?
this is really turning into a bit of a david and goliath story .
not in a way that paints one side as objectively good but like it really shows how one person can appear to pull an advantage over a stalled bureaucracy .
coward is a master at using his agility to his benefit .
usually takes me anywhere from an hour and a half to 3 hours .
you start feeling tingly and relaxed when it kicks in .
when you get to that point you have 30 mins to an hour before shit gets serious .
i tend to peak for about 3-4 hours then it goes into a really mellow relaxing high where i ca n't do much but sleep or watch movies .
please do n't drive or do anything like operate a gas stove when you 've taken edibles especially if they 're strong .
i lacked the motor control to even boil a kettle so i 'd hate to see a serious accident happen .
i mean i would n't pay more than 30 for something that 's simply an extension of front panel ports .
you do know that the thing you linked is the same as using the ports on your case right ?
it was their legacy and history that was incredible .
so many people loved nip and continued to talk about them long after the split happened .
mainly my friend in a dm on crack_house started ranting about nip and it turned into an entire history lesson that sparked love .
my game crashes about 1-2 minute from when i launch .
the way ellen page portrayed her character deserved an award .
so tell me what you do for a living or plan to for that matter so i can use whatever harsh generalization any person could apply to you without knowing you .
if anyone has ever missed the joke in the history of the joke it was you .
on a very basic game lol my frame rate varies from 250-450 fps high end pc game is not demanding would this be impacting movement or is it negligible ?
i 'll call it now and say she 'll be a top 4 support in na this upcoming split assuming lustboy does n't return
what makes me laugh is that if freeze goes to rng then what the fuck is wrong with clg not rushing to pick him up over them i assume they have more money and rng is a newer team so freeze would prolly rather go to the 1 team last split even if it 'll be a shit show
well they have to kill their teacher for assassin training in high school but it 's cause their teacher is an alien who wants to destroy earth . ''
i think by now she 's used to this stuff .
sabotage is an unusual include but i imagine if your struggling against control warrior its a pretty good keep .
i did n't think about the logistics of the score .
you guys had 478 which means it 's physically impossible for them to have 480 as a pick six would mean you wouldax at 474 .
i do something similar for the couch we have a blanket over the edge as one of my dogs will sit and rest his bum there for a few minutes at a time also for the cats .
i would n't do it for the bed though .
i would rather have a short wait and a decent game .
i mean they 've been working on legion for a long long time now you would hope its good .
honestly if they actually release it late i will have more doubts than if they come out and say that it will be out in april-ish .
not everyone will buy beta access and blizzard can still grant people beta access to test there server capacity .
after hots founder pack 's they still invited people to the beta
does it always crash when you try to read it ?
because it could just be your pc is having trouble running skyrim or something and opening inventories and stuff generally crashes my game after a while of playing actually it 's kind of a miracle my pc can run skyrim in the first place
of course you say that as an australian if you were from any other country you would have the fucking awareness to realize just how good australia has it.how unique australia has in being able to choose just who can immigrate into the country and the geographical isolation that allows such a position to be enforceable .
the difference between the u.k. and us is we would be ashamed of that event the u.k. just pretends it never happened .
that vision pulse and revive thing needs to be banned
it 's utterly detestable that companies try and monopolise on your feelings and abuse that to try and get you to boost their profits .
all i saw here was make sure that when you think of christmas presents you buy them at john lewis '' .
if they really cared about charities and social causes they 'd have an efficient and well-publicised corporate social responsibility scheme .
build quality on the pg279q is definitely better than dell .
i just got one and the dell u2415 now used as a second monitor definitely feels cheaper to me .
i know the ranking is based on wins and losses but is there not an element of if you beat higher ranked players you rank up faster than you would if you beat lower ranked players ?
if so then i welcome being matched up against higher ranked players .
it would suck if you just played against people in your rank .
you would n't have an opportunity to play against skilled players or at the same time have the satisfying feeling of destroying terrible players .
it needs a bit of variation around who you get put against .
nothing better than winning a match and seeing that you battered a load of players much higher ranked than you .
the only real shame is it 's not easy to see their rank before the match starts .
you see higher ranked players and then you up your game and you teabag that bit harder
we already saw a city warzone map in the gamescom trailer really hope it will be released in december when forge launches
this is n't a promo i got an email this morning and am curious about what other lacquerietas think !
there are more detailed instructions on their website about how to apply here https www.nailsinc.com/accessories/hoxton-market-paint-can_1401 .
i remember when i was a kid/teen i 'd talk with friends about a dream product that i could get all over the place and then rinse off the skin i did n't want it on mostly for lipstick and nails and this seems to be it .
is this going to be a total game changer or a total failure ?
there are only two colours available at present i have very similar colours already from nails inc and other brands !
but they say that these pigments can not be replicated with regular polish not sure i believe that until i 've seen it .
i 'm curious the pricing seems similar to their other polishes if not cheaper but i have no idea how many manis you 'd get from the product !
he 's well recognised since half of past season and now he 's getting increasing recognition and deservedly so .
able to watch other things netflix non-vr games etc .
none of those things above including a 400 price tag .
after initial sales struggles sony relegates the platform to ps vita-level support .
actual use of the device induces some kind of nausea/motion sickness in me .
i 'm still not sold on vr but i want to be .
i do n't how anyone can be all-in on it after seeing the vita and move play out in recent years .
but i 'm holding out hope on this thing and trying to go glass half-full until proven otherwise .
espn 3 in the us australia is channel 9 so it might be on willow and india is star sports
ca n't take 1500 points if i do n't even have that much
rule 5 asking for medical or injury advice is not allowed http www.reddit.com/r/fitness/wiki/rules wiki_5._asking_for_medical_or_injury_advice_is_not_allowed
if you 're sick hurt or injured you should be getting help and/or advice somewhere else preferably from a doctor .
while people in fittit might have similar conditions as you not a single person will be able to examine you personally or understand your specific situation and it 's very hard to validate credentials over the internet .
you should instead find a professional with proper schooling and experience who can examine and treat you in person .
general practitioners might not be the best for sports-related issues so it is recommended that you find a sports medicine doctor or a physical therapist .
prohibited topics include but are not limited to training advice with a known medical condition training advice specifically involving an injured body part and general experience '' posts asking about other people 's experiences with a particular injury .
posts on these topics are considered requests for medical/injury advice and are not allowed .
posts seeking training advice that excludes an injured body part are allowed .
if you would like help identifying or correcting a painful movement consider posting a form check http www.reddit.com/r/fitness/wiki/rules wiki_2._how_to_post_a_form_check .
if you post a form check and there 's something wrong with your form r/fitness can help with that .
if your form is perfect there 's something wrong with your body and you need to see a doctor
wondering if you hurt yourself or just experiencing normal soreness ?
if you want generic injury '' advice please read the faq entry http www.reddit.com/r/fitness/wiki/faq wiki_did_i_hurt_myself_or_is_this_normal_soreness.3f on it .
you mean i 've been doing it wrong all this time ... ?
i would recommend bringing the bottom bar on the second stat block down just a bit so that you can write in and erase items .
wether they would look good in a hockey jersey or not .
to use the term avid would be a sore understatement of my fandom for the sport .
since i 've grown to love the game i size up potential significant others whether they would look good in an appropriately sized hockey jersey .
i love the game it 's a part of who i am and i like to share that experience with someone i 'm romantically interested in .
it 's also amusing because obviously i 'm looking subtly around the chest area so if she picks up on it and makes a comment along the lines of my eyes are up here '' i like to reply that i 'm sizing her up for a jersey .
my fiancee caught me doing this and she 's been a growing hockey fan ever since .
though i 'll admit i was definitely checking her out too .
i have ditched lego jar jar binks for lego gandalf .
there was no hot-looking lego thranduil in the store here yet so.. 😳
it says right there in the wiki article you linked that using the term just-so story '' in a derogatory fashion is pointless and anti-science .
if you do n't like their hypothesis say something about why .
yeah i was enjoying it but i dunno i might do errr def battle archery and see how that turns out .
what the hell during a live performance or just rehearsal ?
tankgar actually is fine but while being tanky and still doing damage you are not are your full potential .
the way rengar is meant to be played is as an assasin .
in soloq its way easier to carry and win games as assasin rengar than bruiser rengar unless your teammates know what they are doing which is usually not the case since you can still remove an adc from the fight either dead or having to back with less than 10 hp and then play as a front line .
however if you want to learn how to play rengar you got ta practice his comboes and animation cancels .
it doesnt matter what way you play or build him the bola jump and proper animation cancel is always useful .
tl dr tankgar good with good teammates still worse than assasin rengar .
basically at pre-school in the uk i was acting strange and getting told off a lot by the teacher .
my parents also noticed that i was really quite strange i was able to walk at around the age of 1 but did n't speak until i started pre-school .
so they went to the local gp and got me checked out .
the gp suspected autism so we went to a specialist who identified it as aspergers after being told about my behaviours .
i honestly was amazed as well when i found out how young i was i asked about 2 months ago and that 's what my father said .
play russia muscovy preferably and try reaching the size of the soviet union .
also pick random provinces in siberia and develop them to cities comparable to rome paris and london .
also you could rename cities to their soviet names like leningrad or stalingrad .
play to become the holy roman emperor and revoke the privilegia .
it feels a lot more like a king managing his realm than simply blobbing .
basically just out of a very long term relationship and realised that i left all of my friends behind .
as an adult i am finding it hard to meet people and be social
scroll down would be like an insult to those bad players i guess .
uk are 650 de parlamentari aleși în house of commons la 60 mil .
unless i completely missed it there are n't any screenshots of reinhardt on the official media page which is where i got all the images from .
i 'd definitely like to make a video for all of the heroes but for the sort of near future i 'm looking to make tracer soldier 76 hanzo and mercy .
i just speak or type i do n't usually speak tbh like a decent human being mute the kids who are really out of line and try my best
i have no idea what you 're talking about .
minimum wage and average salary are economics terms you ca n't be technically correct or not it just work this way .
as i said you 're wrong and should n't argue .
if you could try these 2 names i would dearly appreciate it .
besides rbf keeps creeps losers and all other people i do n't like far away from me .
depends what your goals are but i 'm going to suggest a kettlebell or a couple of kettlebells .
now let 's get on the radar aiming issues and shitty maps .
stretch yoga does yoga in the parklands every weekend .
i just posted a question did n't see this feed .
is it me or is n't this new collection just super kitchy ?
i 'm not sure we should be considering others when we vote .
i believe it might be best to just vote for what 's best for you while everyone else votes for what 's best for them .
it 's a lot easier to know what 's best for you then it is to know what 's best for others .
big thing to remember is to not be toxic .
i play the game to have fun and that 's why i got to supreme in less than 80 games while my friends that have played over double my hours and games are stuck in gold to dmg .
it 's because they cuss out their teammates and blame them when really there 's always something they could 've done better to improve/win the round
twitch paid no money azubu paid a butload of money .
jesus everyone 's just bullshitting here without a tiny bit of knowledge about what 's going on
https item.taobao.com/item.htm ? spm=a230r.1.14.219.l4hoxz id=522925064482 ns=1 abbucket=17 detail this is also handmade same style as your item it is same definitely if you want i think 110 is workable.thanks .
for since the creation of the world god 's invisible qualities his eternal power and divine nature have been clearly seen being understood from what has been made so that people are without excuse .
you can remove or change this tag using this guide https www.reddit.com/r/mariomaker/wiki/tags ''
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/mariomaker if you have any questions or concerns .
servants http imgur.com/xqlv4fk and i think i have every 1~3 star worth mention besides euryale atilla is 990/990
i can only say that i used to run atilla+kaleido with liz using anything as ce and a berserk support and few things could n't be done .
but now it 's going to take some time for the new order to come so i want to get ready a full team .
i 'm sick of hearing your crying i 'm sick of hearing your complaining .
it 's time to step up and as a playerbase take responsibility https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=w_urwsszgwu for the state of koltyr .
so we all know there 's a problem of high directive score people messing with the noobs on koltyr .
this ai n't gon na go away short of ip bans .
prevent em from doing it with main account and they 'll make a new account .
cause if we all put in an hour a week chances are player retention will be significantly higher than what it is now .
make an effort to teach the new blood how to kick the shit out of these cheesy ass farmers .
let 's give em a whooping show these new blood that a bit of teamwork can overcome some shmuck with good gear .
show em how 'tough ' those double fury bang bus 's are with 8 rockets hitting them simultaneously .
cause at the end of the day teamwork is what all us vets still play this game for so if we can start em off from there they on the right path .
and can you think of a sweeter feeling than seeing a koltyr farmer rage quitting from noobs kicking their ass ?
so lets help lead the new blood help them overcome these weak sperms trying to ruin their fun and if that does n't incentivize you help yourself .
if we all for even an hour week go onto koltyr and lead new blood advise new blood that will help player retention which will extend the lifespan of the game we all know and love .
so come on boys time to nut up https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=4jnyr6bjzui lets do what we can to show these new blood a good time giggity .
ya might even make a few buddies while your at it what 's the worst that can happen ?
hi guys i recently went into the dentist and found out that my tooth had been compromised by decay and that i would either need to remove it or have a crown placed on it .
that appointment was the first one since i got a new dental insurance plan and the plan would n't cover any of the work i needed for a few months so i postponed it until then .
i 've been trying to take better care of the tooth until i can get the work done and there 's no pain so i was n't too concerned until several days ago i hit the tooth on a bottle and it fractured/chipped a piece of it .
i scheduled an appointment for about two weeks from now to have it looked at and have a root canal done if necessary the insurance should make a crown affordable by january but between now and then i 'm not sure what to do with this fragment of tooth loose in my mouth .
i 'm still not feeling any pain but it is slightly uncomfortable with it moving slightly and has been giving me a lot of anxiety especially when i need to eat anything as it 's in the front .
is there anything i can do between now and my appointment to stop it from falling out or being uncomfortable ?
i do n't want to be missing a chunk of tooth for a week but i also do n't want it to be too loose and uncomfortable .
i saw a couple of threads on this topic and thought i would share my own personal experience if anybody was interested .
met this girl about 3 months ago and it 's been a roller coaster ever since
does anyone know if the option will ever become available especially with how annoying with pack a punch is in shadow of evil
i googled for a while now and i ca n't find anything regarding this topic .
i have two soundcards usb dac for headphones and another one for my speakers and whenever i change the default device i have to restart chrome .
is there a way to change the default audio output in chrome wihtout having to restart it ?
question some haters of islam often say that the prophet صلى الله عليه و سلم married a six-years old child referring to ‘aisha may allah be pleased with her .
the answer ‘aisha 's covenant of marriage was conducted when she was six years old but the actual commencement of the marriage took place when she was nine-years of age .
marrying at such young age was not the exception in arabia at that time .
in fact many were married in the young age period of 9-12 when they were physically mature .
furthermore had this been something degrading and immoral the enemies of the prophet صلى الله عليه و سلم from the pagans would have loved to use this against the character of the prophet صلى الله عليه و سلم and ‘aisha 's father abu bakr may allah be please with him the first one to believe the prophet صلى الله عليه و سلم and support his propagation of islam .
not to mention this would have been a major block against the spread of islam amongst the arabs if the prophet صلى الله عليه و سلم would appear as a man of uncontrolled sexual drive.
this would have been obvious to resort to especially when it is known that they accused the prophet صلى الله عليه و سلم of many other things like being a magician a poet etc .
the fact that they did not attempt even to consider this marriage as a tool against the integrity of the prophet صلى الله عليه و سلم stands as a strong irrefutable evidence that such marriages were of the norm not the exception .
in so many societies it was even considered that the girl who does not get married before she reaches fifteen years of age as someone being late on the scale of marriage timing !
in fact such marriages were common in asia east europe spain and portugal .
on the other hand it was known that one of the pagans jubair bin mut'im bin ‘adiye was interested to marry ‘aaisha before her engagement to the prophet صلى الله عليه و سلم but her mother umm romaan may allah be please with her rejected him .
this proves that she was physically mature for marriage .
her family sought the prophet صلى الله عليه و سلم because of his noble character as her mother asserted when she told her husband abu bakr صلى الله عليه و سلم of her intent .
there was a great wisdom in her marriage whereby ‘aaisha witnessed the revelation and the rulings of islam pertaining to the most particular and private matters of women transmitting that to the men and women of the world .
she reported about 2100 narrations from the prophet صلى الله عليه و سلم covering rulings worships and transactions .
she was the greatest woman scholar in islam and she had many students of knowledge from the companions of the prophet صلى الله عليه و سلم .
source wedding to four and lawfully more – dr saleh as-saleh rahimahullah
minority is a workflow management platform for small teams/businesses with primarily cyclic activities .
here you can describe your workflow add teammates 'launch ' it and then compare this launches for further improvement .
we 're totally bootstrapped and we 're just 2 guys .
so if you have some thoughts please express it about any other platforms or workflow management software .
also we 're going to make external data usage for flowing processes by api .
and further maybe will be added some iot features for teams so focus will be on automation .
curious to see how you guys have arranged your homescreen .
i 've decided to keep mine http i.imgur.com/d1jegvq.jpg relatively simple .
to join add your gamertag to the game lobby here https www.the100.io/quick_join/4yvezoxbdci https www.the100.io/quick_join/4yvezoxbdci
or you can reply to me here on reddit .
i 'll send invites on a first come first serve basis .
you can also use the chat on the game lobby page to communicate with me .
secret paladins are all over the ladder ! ! ''
someone posted that out of 250 games secret paladin was 30 i 've found roughly the same the past 55 games
we wanted a nerd not to kill the deck ! ''
we 've seen two players bring patron to the world championship .
patron as of now is a very good yet balanced deck and many pros are still using it .
not only that but because patron was balanced we are seeing far more diversity in the line ups for the hwc .
remember all the complaining about druid warlock patron lineups ?
it 's all about just playing minions on curve now.. dr. 2 dr. 3 dr. 4 etc ... ''
remember how we were all complaining about how uninteractive and unfair combo decks were ?
are we actually upset that the game is now more about establishing board presence ?
the contradictory bullshit has just left me thinking that people here are entitled and love to complain .
honestly i think most of you are terrible players who like to blame the game
this game is not broken this game has a team of developers who believe or not are very communicative in their actions this game has produced a lot of content in a very short time this game is only 2 years old .
seriously fat guy wants to start but no can pulllup .
even if you do n't use it for hipt it will be good to convert to money .
some upgrades require 65 ley line tools which is 65 days of charging .
it 'll be worth it to buy the quartz in my opinion .
does anyone know of anywhere these days that i can download games from please ?
i 'm in the uk and the only sensible way i know of to watch full games is downloading .
but the places i used to use are no longer going .
any help would be greatly appreciated as i want to be able to see more than just the highlights on nhl.com !
i dated a guy for a short time about 6-7 years ago .
i i trounced him to my friend and we all hangout together several times he had him on facebook etc .
well the last time we hangout the friend made a move on my guy and wanted to less around with me being in the next room .
my guy came to me right away and told me .
he texted me once to ask why i had been avoiding him for over a month and i told him .
he responded that he thought i wanted a threesome .
he asked if i was mad at him and that was the last time he texted .
my issue is it 's really hard for me to make friends so i really only had him and one other and for two separate reasons neither are in my life .
i am fine with having a friend who 's only online or what ever but what should i do ?
my issue is i 'm getting kinda lonely with no one else to talk to but my hubby .
what are your thoughts about new rogue cards in general ?
pit snake is obviously going to be the most awful card .
the only positive card which encourages some tempo play is unearthed raptor .
just realised that pit snake buffed new druid card mounted raptor .
i 've crashed in 3 consecutive da offices where ttr randomly just stops responding .
and on another occasion my screen went black but i could use chat and see nametags .
i would have been done with my promotion by now but i ca n't do an office without it just freezing .
edit also my pc is n't really slow or terrible .
kanskje litt forkastelig overskrift men det er nå det jeg er ute etter .
med de jeg fast pleier å gå ut med blir det mye av de samme stedene dattera til hagen ryes cafe sare og blå noen flere .
har hatt det gøy på alle disse stedene og har jo vært rimelig god i formen når jeg har vært der det blir bare veldig mye av det samme .
ikke nødvendigvis masse dansing og høy musikk gjerne det også har ikke noe imot det men foretrekker å kunne snakke med folk ønsker bare å finne steder hvor folk generelt er ganske fulle og åpne altså hvor det ikke er noe problem å være litt god i formen og frempå .
hjelper også om det ikke er umulig å komme inn der på lørdager .
jeg er en 22 år gammel mann så kanskje jeg er litt ung for de stedene jeg nevnte ovenpå ?
virker ofte som jeg er litt yngste laget når jeg er der i hvert fall .
honest question ... are you delaying the release of overwatch because of consoles ?
it seems you are aiming for a worldwide release on all 3 platforms .
all i hear when i watch streams is that the game is polished with only a few bugs yet this release date is 8 months away ?
or better yet start inviting more people into your beta what 's the point of limiting it so much the hype is going down view counts are dropping insanely fast and with fallout 4 and battlefront around the corner people are gon na stop caring about overwatch .
portugal 's communist party said on friday 6 nov 2015 the conditions are now in place for the creation of a government led by the center-left socialists and the ousting of the center-right from power .
the party said in a statement that it reached a joint position with the socialists after a meeting on wednesday allowing the socialists to form a lasting government .
the deal will ensure that the socialists can lead a leftist majority government after earlier ensuring the support of the left bloc another small far left party .
i apologise in advance for my extreme technical ignorance .
i 'm installing a video loop projection in a gallery and was planning on using a raspberry pi .
i 'm trying to use the steven hickson looper but i 'm running into problems .
initially my problem was that the looper was booting or showing the large rpi looper icon for a few seconds but then the screen would just go to black with a blinking cursor at the top .
i could type but no matter what i typed nothing would happen and the mouse was n't showing up at all .
then i started again by formatting the sd card putting raspian on it not sure if that was necessary ?
then flashed the looper on to it and hooked everything up pi/monitor/power .
however once it boots up after the rpi logo disappears i just get a video loop of a tv screen and a voice saying hi open the pod bay door sorry steve i ca n't do that '' .
i have tried connecting a usb mouse/keyboard and clicking/typing i 've tried connecting my usb with my video file on it in a folder i named videos and nothing happens that video just keeps looping .
any help would be greatly appreciated i 'm currently considering cutting a limb off to get out of facing the pi not working .
so there 's this chapter 165.1 which is neither in the volume 19 chapter 162-170 nor in volume 20 chapter 171-179 raws .
so would someone please tell me what volume is it from and why is it 1**65**.1 exactly ?
works well for me but i just ca n't get those big clouds even at 0.8ohms and running at 30 watts .
let 's say i got a 200w mod and i could increase my wattage to 50w before i started getting dry hits .
is these bigger box mods just for fashion or are people actually walking around vaping at 100w ?
i opened trash rares was passed none and openend an off-colour something-or-the-other pack 3 .
red did not seem open pack 1 though so i ended up with a lot of blue and some white looking to maybe go uw skies or something .
lucikly pack 2 and 3 had a lot more for the ur devoid dream .
cards without sleeves are cards that i considered maindecking or had for the sideboard .
i started with 1 coils 1 processor assault and 1 mountain and 1 breaker of armies but realised after game one match one that my curve is really damn low won convincingly with only drawing 3 lands and having herald in play so i cut my top end to play a bit more fuel .
i ended up losing match one to a swarm surge i did n't see coming opponent was bg and i had dampening pulse up opponent hit me for exactsies while i had lethal up for next turn .
game 3 i drew bad lategame and stalled with my opponent at 2 .
eventually lost to bane of bala ged because i had wasted my processor assault on a dominator drone 2 turns earlier .
my next draw would have won me the game rolling thunder to my opponent 's face .
a shame because my opponent admitted my deck was better and had plenty of answers to his deck .
variance and mistakes on my part will do that .
my second match was against a weird uwbr deck where we tended to just remove each other 's threats and nothing was going on for forever .
we were 1-1 with 4 minutes to go at start of game 3 luckily i overran my opponent even before time was up .
match 3 was gr landfall which i held off in the first few turns and then simply overran with tempo/bounces/removal and big vile aggregates .
so overall i went 2-1 but i could have won match 1 .
that would 've had me playing against different opponents so who knows ?
i 'm a film student located at woodbury uni in burbank trying to attend afi film fest 8th-11th without spending a grip on an uber .
please message me if you can help out at all !
https www.reddit.com/r/mushishi/about/stylesheet i have the terrible name theme set up .
ran level 5 5 times hoping to get haku but got leilan all 5 times .
rng or is it suppose to be like this ?
im brand new to this game and was wondering i could get a werewolf bite from someone .
i do n't have much but i have 1k to give .
not sure why this is n't bernie 's stock answer when asked out syria and the greater middle east .
perhaps add we are a debtor nation and the money could be spent better at home but i think this is a tighter answer than his response tonight .
did the test few hours ago and hate to say i am an infp man .
my emotion can go up and down like a light switch and pretty much identified with a lot of what 's been written here take things to the heart dreamer grandiose image self doubt covert narcissism being super helpful .
i had read lots of books including robert glover 's no more mr. nice guy '' it 's a must read for all the infp men .
i took better care of my self image dressed much nicer about 2 years ago avoid situations where i will over-give and then disappointed at getting nothing in return .
i am doing everything to brush off the niceness and the ideal romantic image of an infp man .
i am at mid 20 and been incredibly frustrated in my dating life .
it seems infp men have it at the shorter end of the stick .
i hit the gym regularly have small circle of friends but there still seems to be an aura of niceness that i ca n't brush off when i meet women .
here is a quote that struck a chord with me and probably many of infps here .
you are not going to get love if you keep giving away yours for free ''
it might have been suggested already but an 'auto-walk' function would be great .
or simply an option to 'toggle ' 'w ' to be walk on/off .
given the recent announcement i 've spent my day switching from extreme anger to on the verge of tears .
i come from a catholic family was baptized into the lds church a little over 2 years ago while suffering through major depression in college .
six months ago i left the church to return to catholicism though still keeping ties to my mormon friends and still having an interest in mormon theology .
really i should n't be all too hurt from today 's announcement .
no one in my family is lds all my lds friends are thousands of miles away .
i can live the rest of my life as if i was never a mormon ... actually my family prefers it that way as my mormon years are always awkward when brought up .
though i think that could be why i am feeling it i really have n't talked to anyone about today since i have no one near me who will understand ... .and being a closeted bisexual could have something to do with it maybe .
this new policy will never affect me but i 'm so angry and so hurt .
would anyone be interested in playing chess weekend afternoons ?
i suck at chess and would like to improve .
i 'd like to start recording some ideas and put them on youtube but i have no idea which camera best suits me .
i 'd like one that shoots in a nice 1080p quality .
has a nice contrast while shooting and possibly the option for automatic and manual zoom .
for the moment i have no price range but i 'll be straying away from anything over 1 000 .
if it was n't the sway bar link what would be your next guess ?
as the title says what would be more effective/better xp/hour using azure skillchompa or a crystal axe ?
i heard teak trees were the best xp in game since seren spells
you 've all read my rants about my horrible coworker .
the one who ca n't count to 300.00 and still checks people into the wrong rooms even though she 's worked for us for a year .
cash control has been an issue in my property for a while now fdas are super lax when passing the drawer to the next person .
this week it finally bit everyone in the ass .
did n't leave a slip never returned a receipt .
this prompted my fom to lose his shit and send us all a snotty memo .
so last night i get to work and you know who ca n't balance her drawer frickin shocker there so using my management skills
i said just drop short and i 'll fix it during audit .
she says well let 's call fom to be sure .
calls fom hey my bad fom i just got here and you know who ca n't do anything without calling you every 5 minutes so here 's the situation i explain entire thing including my solution which of course is the right solution but he 's irritated now and wants to talk to her .
i 'm standing in front of my computer so i just hand the phone off to her .
next thing i know she 's literally pushing me away from my computer so she can get to the cash count form and i mean literally pushed me out of the way .
at this point i 'm fucking done with this girl fix your own mistake asshole and walked over to the bar and hung out with a server while she counted recounted and counted again .
this morning around 6am i looked around the office .
not only did i get the drawer balanced to 300.00 but i completed audit posted all banquet checks cleaned the entire office cleaned my own desk threw a load of laundry in and still managed to get a few cigarette breaks in .
this fuckin girl colors at work every night i have the coloring book pages taped all over my office as proof .
she never cleans stocks our pantry or does any other task besides stand at the desk .
so i finally broke down and wrote him a 2 page letter pretty much saying i do n't care if you 're the pope you do n't push me out of your way it 's disrespectful and rude and i do n't do it to her so id suggest she does n't do it a second time if she knows what 's good for her also i 'm not coming in and fixing her mistakes anymore a it 's not my problem i fix my own shit she can fix hers .
b i do n't get paid to fix her mistakes .
and finally since she has all the time at night to color then she can have her drawer counted before 11pm .
i said a bit more but it 's irrelevant .
it was somewhat of a rude letter but i 've been there longer than all of them fom included and i 'm sick of being the only person to actually get shit done on the desk to the point where i 'm tempted to transfer back to engineering .
lord help me or hospitality gods shine down and fire this damn girl and make my life easy again .
as long as it does n't break the rules .
about a month ago my htc one m8 began reporting that it could n't detect a sim card .
after trying a new sim card from the at t store without success i phoned htc support to see what they could do .
they said my phone was out of warranty 1yr 6d old give or take but to send it in for repairs .
i 'd like to note that my fm receiver was still functioning at this time relevant later .
i received an email several days after asking for 90 to replace the main board .
i paid the repair fee and received a replacement about a week after payment .
i returned to the at t store to activate the new phone and the sim card error was still present no sim card inserted .
the at t representative advised i return to my back-up phone and contact htc about the issue .
one phone call later i had a second repair ticket and shipping label to send my phone in .
this time the email quoted 200 to again replace the main board .
i requested a representative contact me to better explain '' the quotation and why i needed to pay a second time .
i never received a response but was informed days later that the repaired phone was ready for shipping .
i received the package in the mail yesterday and went to the at t store to have them once again activate the phone .
this time was a success and the phone once again acquired the network and is functioning in that regard fully .
however i noticed last night that the fm receiver chip has stopped functioning .
i can only pick up static regardless of the headset/phones being used and my back-up windows phone was able to fully tune all stations in the same location with the same headset .
i 'm rather fed up with htc 's repair department by this point .
i 'm afraid to send it in to have the fm chip looked at as something else may be broken in this repair process not to mention another 2 weeks living on my backup phone .
am i too quick to overlook the fact that my phone is mostly functional ?
would i be overstepping my bounds asking for a completely new m8 or m9 phone for all my time money and trouble ?
thanks for reading all this lem me know what you 'd do in my position .
i do n't seem to play well for the last 3 months or something close to that and my theory is that my mathing might not be fair cause of huge normals/ranked mmr .
my allies and opponents seem to not make mistakes at all while im always either the reason we lose or the heaviest possible to carry possible .
anything that can make me get matched with worse players is welcome .
disclaimer this is just an estimation as i do n't data mine .
if there are any errors please do correct me !
ogopogo 's mag is estimated at 312 by performing back calculations based on my experience http imgur.com/a/drp3q
calculations are based off the following formula please inform me if the formula used are wrong ...
be sure to pack enough res to endure 3 consecutive deluges as your healing might not be fast enough 2 unmitigated and 1 mitigated .
ogopogo 's atb is resetted after releasing 2 deluges so take advantage of that to set up mitigation and heal .
magic breakdown and shellga should be brought for this fight .
trash contains many single tanky mobs but there is a possibility of meeting two trash mobs the floating eyes so do n't forget to pack some aoe for them .
looking for the name of the girl who is not peta jensen .
i 'm looking to send around 100 letters in the uk and royal mail is charging me 60p a stamp .
i 'm surprised that this has n't been posted here yet .
sorry if it has been but a search turns up nothing
basically it uses some specific wifi cards via packet injection to transmit hd video and even data pipes for telemetry without being associated to a wifi network closer to how a hdtv transmission works .
i have tested this with 3 tp-link tl-wn722n cards one on the transmitter and two on a receiving laptop with very good distance and quality from the stock antenna 's .
if you go out of the transmitting range then you start to loose packets and see distortions on the screen but you can still make out the image .
this is good for fpv pilots which gives them a chance to turn around without the signal just dropping out .
this was my little test with a larger antenna only using one wifi card on the receiving laptop but with two i got much less dropped packets at greater distances .
i would like to build some better antenna 's and test the distance again but some have reported a good image over many km distance .
i think it would be really nice to replace these matches with real exams '' .
meaning you wont play matches instead you have to success in certain tests .
for example you would have to have a certain cs at a certain time .
maybe youve got only one lane and there are always minions spawning like in game .
and you would have to reach a certain cs like 5 times and then you pass the cs-test .
than you would maybe have to take a skillshot dodge test .
were skillshots would be fired at you and you would have to dodge them .
thanks to the new pick system rito implented on to the pbe you could even make role based tests .
and you could only pick roles you passed the tests in .
meaning every player in a certain league is has got a certain skill level .
by implenting this you would also get rid of the lucky '' players who reach a certain league because they were lucky with having very good teammates or something like that .
right now i have managed to beaten db8 by using a friends rep. double vero
i 'm planning to farm db8 until i get better runes .
however my bella keeps on dying from the verad stage .
should i swap her rune on slot 6 from acc to hp ?
should i awaken my veromos first or farm dragons for mana to up my current runes while trying to get better runes ?
the world needs a tbms point of view on this !
all you hear are the enemies of the church whining about how homophobic this new policy change is !
i 've seen a few streams of people playing the game and i have some raw data here from one .
the following is on normal difficulty with an int of 6 .
since quest completion lockpicks successful hacks and location discovery are not level-based i believe we should use those as the key to determining the int exp modifier .
assuming novice locks are 5 at least 1 point was gained .
assuming novice hacks are 10 at least 2 points were gained .
assuming location discoveries are 20 at least 4 points were gained .
assuming this particular quest gives 300 54 points were gained .
the last two are important because if it were that simple that 20 gives 4 20 then the 300 should have given 60 20 .
using the larger number to determine farther decimals 54/300 bonus/base we get 0.18 .
since the int is 6 i 'll put forth the idea that each int point is worth .03 increase in exp rounded up .
this way 5 5 .18 5.9 6 for lockpicks and kills and 10 10 .18 11.8 12 .
i am uncertain what causes the discrepancy in kill awards my best guess is some are higher level than the ones standing next to them difference between 6 and 8 or are a different 'sub-class ' difference of 9 and 24 .
followup needed with non-6int data hypothesis 10 int giving 30 will yield 26 on location discovery and 390 upon completion of fire support '' quest and 1int will give 20 and 309 respectively .
so just give us a shout in the comments if you 're interested !
for this game jam the theme is chaotic squeeze .
the game jam lasts two weeks and ends november 23rd 2015 .
here are the rules https www.reddit.com/r/indiedev/wiki/mixtape but they basically water down to this
write update comments about your progress on our official mix tape stickied threads .
at the end we 'll release a packet where all games will be offered to the audience for free .
it 's best to think of this mix tape as a showcase !
if there is a lesson i hope everyone can learn from this that 's the importance of presentation .
there is a possibility you 'll get tipped for good work .
check out the previous mix tapes for a better idea of what this is .
use this thread to introduce yourself your idea for the game show off some of your work or whatever !
so i was stupid and drunk decided to install limoncello so went ahead and downloaded the zip to my phone .
i fell asleep and woke up to my phone being dead .
charged it up and now it 's stuck when booting at the lenovo .
i can still access recovery and already tried factory reset but it did n't help .
this was kinda my first phone i 'm rooting and stuff so i 'm not really sure on what i should do now .
guild rank state if this is a farming guild conqueror 3 guardian 1
guild war times 8:00 am-16:00 pm war 1 16:00pm 4:00 am war 2 utc+1 spain
so you 're interested in joining the united souls ark community ?
we run a friendly grief free pve dedicated server that started up at the beginning of july .
the admin team consist of three very active individuals with a focus on maintaining the quality of the community by ensuring the server is kept current with the rapid development of the game providing a server with rock-solid uptime with lag free gameplay and promoting a friendly atmosphere .
the current active player base is still small at around fifteen active players .
we welcome new and seasoned players to the game to check us out !
on october 10 the entire server mutually agreed to a server wipe .
the members of the server along with the admins felt it was best due to some minor issues encountered with the release of the swamp and snow biomes .
this wipe also enabled us to add some exciting additional mods to the server .
feedback from server members regarding the mods has been extremely positive .
third person view cross hairs and map location enabled .
presub to the mods before connecting to the server please .
open your web browser and navigate to arkservers.net http arkservers.net
click on the ip address in the search results to launch the game and automatically join the server !
open the server browser either by right-clicking the steam system tray icon and selecting servers '' or from the steam interface under the view '' drop-down menu
select the server and click on the connect '' button !
browse through the server list until you find united souls pve ''
for those out there that really want to know here are the dedicated server specs
i 've heard this several times and at first it seems to hold up after the british realised the importance of the navy to defend the island .
on the other hand the defeat of the english armada a year later suggets otherwise .
hi guys i wanted to start off by thanking you for taking a look at my post .
i wanted to format my laptop yesterday and when i launched the windows installed from a dvd it told me that no drives were available not even my hard drive a gentleman on the techsupport live chat yesterday suggested that i change my sata setting to ahci rather than raid which i did and it worked perfectly .
however intel rapid storage technology does not work without raid i have learned and my old accelerated state is no long operational while in ahci mode .
i have tried changing the registry tweaks but when i switch back to raid and boot the computer it just gives me a bootloop after the computer model screen alienware in my case
i need help on how i can safely switch back to raid i would even be willing to reformat my computer but i ca n't even do that since windows installed does n't detect any drives while on raid .
when cecil fielder hit his 50th and 51st home runs at yankee stadium in 1990 the game was not broadcast on tv here in detroit .
me and my dad listened to that game with ernie harwell literally sitting in our living room staring at a radio like it was 1952 or something ...
as a christmas gift for him i have been downloading some complete tigers games from youtube and wanted to watch them with him and i 'd love to include this game since it was a really cool memory for both of us .
i know it 's a longshot but maybe someone out there knows some tape traders vhs or dvd that actually has this complete game either the video or ernie harwell audio or ultimately both .
greetings r/rwby i come to you seeking a little help .
to preface i 'll say that the last 24 hours have been ... less than ideal and i find myself feeling a little down .
i know quite a bit of you have files on your computers of fan arts and what not so ...
if it is n't too much trouble i need something uplifting and thought the fan art of my favorite show would do it !
so my request does anybody have any uplifting art or fics for later ?
edit i 'm gon na be here a while !
please if you are n't going to be able to do the whole thing possibly just do n't play please .
• hey guys and welcome to another lovely game that will be hosted on a helio network server .
• this network is run by bri and qenis .
• follow our twitter https twitter.com/thehelionetwork to be notified of games .
giveaways and more will happen often so follow to get notifications !
• donate http helionetwork.buycraft.net for some cool features on our hub server such as hats prefixes and particles !
• open pvp and mini game server helionetwork.com not the direct ip to the server that is being used for the game !
1v1 tournament 1v1 's tournament style until 1 person remains .
it 's known that alchemist can consume aghanims for himself or for his teammates .
but he does n't really benefit that much consuming it for himself maybe the stats but that 's not the point .
we all know that alchemist if played right can be a farming machine amassing a godly 1000 gpm in a game .
but when it comes to very-very late game situations there will come a point where alchemist will be 8-slotted and still have 10k gold left on the bank .
so i thought hey would n't it be cool if alchemist can consume other items to give to his teammates as well ?
my thought process goes like this if alch has aghs consumed or in his inventory he can consume other items for his teammates but he can not consume it for himself .
but items that need activation mek pipe solar crest bkb etc ... or consumables tangos drums diffusal etc ... are not affected by this because it would be damn hard to activate this items if ever consumed for his teammates .
a sample scenario it 's ultra-late game and both teams are on a stalemate for some reason .
you 're an alch with 8-slots moon shard consumed aghs of items and has 10k extra gold .
since alch has aghs he can consume items to give to his teammates .
alchemist can not consume the items himself and he can only consume one kind of item per teammate meaning you ca n't have multiple consumed s y 's for a single hero or for balancing purpose he can only give one item per hero .
that would actually be cool and would remedy that stalemate with stronger and better teammates .
i know alchemist is a very strong hero when it comes to ultra-late game scenarios .
but this agh 's upgrade would n't really be game-breaking since alch needs to amass ridiculous farm for this to be even viable .
but then again alchemist as i stated above can become a farming-machine if played right .
i was having an amazing run with good items and among those items was brimstone .
then i got to the chest and i got mom 's knife which after picking it up caused a bug of some sort .
i could no longer attack in any way be it with mom 's knife or brimstone .
also this might be worth mentioning i picked up dr. fetus earlier in the run as well so maybe that was cause of the problem ?
i was looking at a tool assisted speed run the other day and it displayed the controller inputs running down one side of the screen .
i thought that 's really similar looking to assembly !
then i remembered stoke http stoke.stanford.edu which is a stochastic optimizer https en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/stochastic_optimization for x86 instructions .
stoke uses random search to explore the extremely high-dimensional space of all possible program transformations .
although any one random transformation is unlikely to produce a code sequence that is both correct and an improvement over the original the repeated application of millions of transformations is sufficient to produce novel and non-obvious code sequences that have been shown to outperform the code produced by general-purpose and domain-specific compilers and in some cases expert hand-written code .
the key is that it 's not just brute forcing a solution .
it 's randomly trying solutions but there is a feedback loop which guides the randomness so that it can hone in on the optimum solution .
stochastic optimization can range from stochastic gradient descent https en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/stochastic_gradient_descent to genetic algorithms https en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/genetic_algorithm which mimic the process of evolution .
these algorithms have been used for designing circuits http www.damninteresting.com/on-the-origin-of-circuits antennas https en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/evolved_antenna and image recognition software http googleresearch.blogspot.com/2015/06/inceptionism-going-deeper-into-neural.html ? m=1 .
stochastic optimization can handle extraordinarily complex tasks and is capable of finding highly effective non-obvious solutions to problems .
at the very least it may be possible to use a stochastic optimizer as a sort of fuzzer https en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/fuzz_testing .
that is it may be possible to find new exploits by pointing the optimizer at a value or range of values in memory and saying try to get this value to look like this by supplying input '' .
i know this has probably been talked about to death but as most players know elementalists as well as engineers ca n't swap weapons .
the reason behind it is good ele having 4 elements with their own skills to swap between and engi having their kits to swap around as they see fit plus all the changable f keys depending on their utility skills .
i agree weapon swapping in combat would be op for them .
but especially now with the new elites it would be really nice to be able to change them easier even when out of combat .
i love using a warhorn on my ele but it 's still so tedious to switch to staff every time i want to do range and then back again .
and i 'm sure engis will agree with hammers and whatever they usually use .
really an ooc-only weapon swap button would just be a huge qol upgrade to us just to not have to open menus as much .
would you be for this sort of addition to the two classes or do you think it 'd tip the balance a bit too far ?
welcome please read the thread and ask any questions you wish !
xtraapples apples drop from any tree with a 10 chance of dropping an apple
xraying or any other form of cheating will result in a ban
this is one of my first times hosting a uhc this means it could be a bit glitchy !
i recently changed my password and tried to log in .
but it´s asking for some google code that i don´t have and never had .
i send an e-mail to bitvc´s support and they were fast to answer me asking for my uid account .
i gave my e-mail and they answered me that there is no account with this e-mail .
you can test on the page ... if you try to for example recover a forgot password with an inexistent e-mail the page says inexistent email '' ...
if i try to do with my e-mail it works ...
after i said that they stopped to answer me ...
i tried again send another e-mail and ... nothing .
anyone else on the insider build 10586 able to test activating cortana with the surface pen ?
when i hold down the eraser i just get a small rectangle with a halo in it that i can not talk to .
so after 48h my plants arent harvestable and the ground tiller dust disapeared from my ground and the young plants are still there ...
should i expect an end of the plant growing or you think it 's dead ?
visiting usa from new zealand and ive been here 10weeks now and i love it however i went and saw spectre yesterday at a cinema filled with a black audience and they were all talking to the movie during the whole film .
they were addresing james bond like he was there in the cinema asking questions 2 or 3 times like they expected an answer .
edit i 'm not mad at people for talking during the movie but more perplexed that they talk to '' the film .
my company started a code review-harden-analysis project on a c software which is mission critical .
we need to secure it in the most complete way and i wanted to know if you knowledgeable folks have experience with tools for static analysis and which one you recommend .
as a base but output from someone who already does this kind of jobs could be very valuable .
when i was around 12 years old i noticed that 6-7 days after it smelled like winter '' the snow actually started to fall .
it happened like this i left the house took a deep breath and realized that the air was different than the day before .
of course i remember it like my predictions have never failed me except for one year 2013 .
the last time it happened was today on monday i 've told my friend that it was going to snow and this morning it was kinda frosty with a few snowflakes .
because i 'm too oblivious i 've never written down my observations .
i understand it may just be confirmation bias but is there is a way that humans can feel that kind of change in advance ?
so earlier this week i posted a character with only 3 light some people gave me tips and i got this https www.bungie.net/en/legend/gear/2/4611686018444456625/2305843009345840100
hey i 'm thinking of picking up kassadin top mainly cause i enjoy top lane and his playstyle but i 'm just not really sure how you deal with tanks in the top lane since by the time you have roa they usually have cowl/mercs and it seems impossible to ever kill them esp mundo .
so my question is that is it worth playing him top and also how come people stopped building ibg on him i remember he used to be played top alot with ibg im just not sure why people stopped using him .
the other week she got deactivated so i told her to contact support to straighten things out .
so she emails them and gets an email about the 1 account 1 person policy .
she asked what she could do to fix the situation seeing as everyone in the house had their own account .
so they told her to send in a picture of her id .
so she does and she gets an email telling her that her account has been reactivated welcome back .
so she goes to log in and its deactivated still .
she emails them back to receive an email about 1 account 1 person lol .
they say they left my account open and deactivated hers .
so she figures they must believe she ran both accounts .
so she sends in a picture of her id again as well as a picture of my id .
they say too bad so sad account is closed .
sideswiped on bike by unsignaled turner in fast lane .
vehicle was charcoal gray 2007 hatchback type tall boxy sedan rh damage has front fender hanging off now .
if you saw this or happened to get a plate please let me know .
edit seems a clean getaway but i 'll pay 1,000 reward if the car is located .
no matter how hard i try i ca n't seem to get the gas lift out of my f series chair so i can repackage and return it .
can i hook up a digital thermometer to a pi to send me an email every time the temp falls below a certain temperature ?
i 've played around with a pi a few times .
i 'm versed in programming so that would n't be an issue .
stared a new character to get the legendary swords again .
i completed all the requirements regicide patrol dreadnaught and went back to eris .
i have a copy of each legendary sword already and had one on the new character i had created .
is this the cause of the quest not showing up ?
edit turns out u/cableyedi87 was right you have to be level 39 .
personally i find it rather frustrating to fight against especially in modes like breakout where head-shots do n't do massive damage and there are no shields .
during my last game some guy came around the corner sprinting and i could only get a shot in him before he slammed me to death .
i think that 's ridiculous and it encourages people to play badly .
should 343i nerf it disable it or leave it as is ?
for some reason i 'm not able to use data when i 'm on the phone talking to someone .
i 've never had this problem before with my other phones .
going to start playing again and i am a little lost
new australian streamer come along and have some fun !
i just want to kill oryx and move on with my freaking day !
do you remember the first time you saw this ?
dear god the opening sequence and parkour run had me with a huge grin watching it for the tenth time .
i was probably erect watching it the first time .
so i 'm really looking to do an rp with a got actress anyone of them is fine but listed in order from my favorite they are
maisie williams sophie turner carice van houten lena headey natalie dormer and all the rest .
i 'd like to make the rp with actress not the character but i 'm definitely open to different scenarios and kinks .
i 'm pretty much okay with all kinks except for beastiality gore and scat .
i 'd especially love to do a scenario involving more than one of the girls
males and females welcome as long as you can play females .
i have a gateway fx6860-ef30p tower that i am trying to set raid up on .
i have enabled raid in the bios but ca n't figure out the prompt to set raid up past post .
many sites are saying it is ctrl+another key but none of them work for me .
is there some bootable software i can use instead or what am i missing ?
anyway these wings were marinating in a mixture of sriracha and other things for like 2 days before hitting the grill .
basically just use common sense ... do n't verbally attack one another and treat one another and their possessions with respect .
if you disagree with a decision you can message that particular admin in private on the forums if need be to discuss the decision .
if you still disagree take it to the next admin up .
make sure to use respectful language if you wish to be heard and considered .
multiboxing is fine but do not under any circumstances modify your client to gain an advantage .
if you have any specific questions please contact me .
​raiding of settlements breaking a minimal number of walls to access stored resources is perfectly allowed on any of the pvp servers .
there are plenty of ways to defend yourself and your things .
razing a settlement to the ground is fine on the main island but on the home servers it requires specific protocols .
if both sides agree to an all-out war please involve an admin so we can be aware that both sides are willing to have their settlements destroyed during the course of the war .
raiding breaking a minimal number of walls to access stored resources is still acceptable and even encouraged against other home servers .
we all know when we cross the line so please remember to be respectful of people and their property .
kos is fine for the areas near your settlement but if you have a real problem with someone please involve the admins before it becomes too troublesome .
we are here to create a fun and engaging environment and will assist you in the settlement of disputes if need be .
stat fix mod ensures that characteristics level at the proper rate .
fixed tree growth saplings would disappear instead of growing .
3 worlds '' 1 pve 1 pvp 1 adventure all separate
we 've retained somewhat longer crafting timers to accommodate our veteran players but have increased the skillgains to help encourage new people to come test the waters .
three 3 home islands servers and one primary island server .
to encourage trade and exploration of the central continent .
to make up for not being able to purchase coinage via web
speculative features these things could be fun but may not be possible just now
avuzent is operated by me a student of computer science and all-around good guy .
i 've got years of experience with management both real world and in-game .
the server machine is in my home so i am able to quickly address any issues .
if you have any questions or concerns please do not hesitate to ask !
my staff and i are more than happy to address any problems or questions you have .
the semester is almost over and i 've managed to find a party nearly every weekend .
even tonight my club is having a bar pregame party although i 'm not going since i ca n't go to bars yet .
problem is i 'm tired of going to the same thing basically over and over again .
just loud bad music some drunk people i can barely hear and beer pong .
i could always hang with my friends at their apartments but i 'd still be bored cause we 'd prob just end up smoking for the night and then i got ta pay for uber back home .
i feel like i need something new and different .
i really need some help/advise as i 'm starting to get really frustrated with this game .
i 've been following some guides which have pretty much dictated which items i 've been farming for etc .
so now i have the full vyr 's set as seen here http eu.battle.net/d3/en/profile/wittstrom-2241/hero/64573640
even though i have full items for builds etc i 'm still struggling to get through even medium high grifts .
i can barely get through 45 grifts with the vyr 's build if i 'm lucky .
and on my secondary i can just get through 40 grifts .
hi my guild recently reached top 10 in crusade is that good enough to get a boarder on our logo ?
iirc the us government is paying microsoft a fuckton of money for continued support
did i not read it clearly and just assumed it was 5 pops ?
i sort of base it on how much fuel i have where the ball is and whether the guy on d sees me coming back or starts to move up .
though it sucks when i 'm on d but i see an opportunity to score miss and then the other team scores on an open goal .
labs and goldens are hunting dogs and great family pets .
gsd are a lot of work to raise right .
bernese are farm dogs they will probably be decent at protecting your chickens and will be good with children .
like most large dogs bernese do not live very long .
irish wolfhounds are fairly protective of their family yet good with strangers .
they average only 7 years and have predisposition for bone cancer .
a field bred standard poodle may be the best choice .
poodles make good retrievers and historically in the netherlands they would pull carts .
one guy john sutter ran a team of poodles in the iditarod .
poodles are protective of their families and should be wary not aggressive towards strangers .
like labs and goldens poodles are indoor dogs that want to spend time with their families .
having played a lot of battlefield 3 the gun-play is very different .
the guns in battlefront have much less recoil which makes sense as you are n't firing bullets and you do n't have ammo either just cooldowns .
the convention is a first name a middle name your father 's first last name and then your mother 's first last name .
friends from these places have no end of fun filling in forms because not everywhere uses the same convention for whether to use one or both last names on a us-style form .
all those boston creams almost makes up for those plain donuts
i once took a puddle hopper from cancun to cuba for the day back in 2005 .
it was so depressing to see the crippling poverty .
i would be more than ecstatic if dj was even an average ft shooter .
but i do n't think that 's the key element to elevate the clips to the next level .
they have many other direct issues they need to work on like doc 's rotations thay will make them better as a whole .
which is nowhere near as bad as people make it out to be .
if you want to experience the story and truly appreciate the universe that has been built i would just go through the story normally and save your spark of light for another character .
if you want to get to end game ready as soon as possible as i am doing with another gamertag use the spark of light go through the main ttk story should get to level 36 than just grind strikes/coo to get up to 280-290 and then do the raid .
some other tips for fast levelling save your engrams i actually saved all engrams until i was level 40 do all of the gunsmith bounties 280 weapon with just glimmer at level 1 align to a faction as soon as you get 2500 glimmer this should be your first use of glimmer i chose fwc so that when i get to ntte quest i would n't have to re-align do as many of the daily bounties as you can and spend your first legendary marks on a ghost shell .
my goal is to get to raid ready from 0 grimoire in 20 or so hours i 'll be posting a guide if i manage to get close to that .
in the u.s. you can register to vote when you get your driver 's license or other form of id .
ps3 and ps4 are on same server and soon pc will be on the same server also
love peoples thoughts on this had a go at working on delivery .
i think my flow is all over the place .
but if anyone could help identified specifics that would mean a lot https soundcloud.com/superfluidity/save-on-stress-by-not-giving-a-fuck
have n't finished the trilogy yet but this trailer gave me all the feels .
they 're super cheap and the lids are air tight .
so did you buy payday 2 after they said there will never be micro-transactions in the game ?
you ca n't know the future and blizzard is not lying to you but this community wants to get lied to .
a simple there wo n't be any heros on sale ever '' and people would buy this game in drones which would make blizz lots of money .
i wonder why they are n't doing it and saying instead we do n't know '' .
hmm could it be that they actually do n't know ?
just far enough to still see infantry av at max range .
i think i 'd go with 400 to be safe though .
i once took a screenshot of an enemy 's body getting stuck in a tree on sujin and a few hours later someone not even on my friends list uploaded a screenshot of the same thing with me looking at the guy stuck in the tree .
only reason it showed up was because steam tagged '' me in the screenshot somehow .
edit i 'll upload them when i get home .
edit 2 link to my screenshot http steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails ? id=487753222
here 's a snip of the random guy 's screenshot with me in it .
i 'm not much of a breakfast food person but i ca n't pass it up .
strangely i always found nollie trey flips much easier than regular
it 's just a little little girl and common sense is getting a bit scarce even in adults so ...
it 's not that they should get no say but more that they do n't realise how much better it should be .
that said you should be able to tell from the nade delay pressing the button to it actually leaving your hand how much you 're lagging .
in houston you 'd do well to follow pegstar and the various venues on your social platform of choice .
on the other hand its true a lot of people are struggling with cobb v diggs kind of decisions this week .
after all wdis really should be about the struggles of choosing receivers and backs ranked 10-30 not 1-10 that 's where the tough decisions lie .
i wish analysts would make more projection lists and overall analysis on players positioned at these mid tier ranks instead of the top 10 no one is n't starting antonio brown or megatron so who really gives a shit which one is ranked second and which is ranked third .
nat as a service has been coming for years now .
i would n't hold your breathe waiting for it .
could be here next week could be years away .
hopefully millner benefits from having revis show him how its done and hopefully millner can stay healthy if so yes he can be the cb2 .
while i agree with that sentiment someone else might not have good tastes and thus lead to an argument .
also kyaa ren replied to a post of mine !
yes i always tell people to not expect the employer to understand the visa rules because they often have never been in the situation of hiring a non-eu foreigner and they have no reason to know the rules themselves .
anyone seeking a job abroad needs to be thoroughly aware of the immigration requirements themselves and for non-international non-gigantic employers will likely need to inform them about it for the purpose of actually getting an offer suitable for the visa/residency .
that have been around as long as metallica with as many albums as metallica with festivals a movie and actual lives with wives and kids like metallica ?
fallout loses it 's charm the second you 've got caps coming out the wazoo .
specing into c seems to just speed up the process tremendously .
i used to play chess with my father all the time but i guess he got too busy .
i have n't played in probably 6 years but it 's a great game to strengthen a bond .
standard practice is that the company employing the engineer owns the engineer 's work product .
the facts are a little different here than usual so hopefully they will help op out .
if you do it in a plastic bottle you risk melting the plastic .
when someone brings an so that does n't actually like board games .
having not been up close to the guy i ca n't say with any certainty but from what i saw on tv and what i read in the papers i have to side with o'reilly on this one issue .
while billo does claim killing reagan is laudatory he is getting to the meat of what really bothered me about ronald reagan .
the guy was a doddering fool who needed to be told what day is was .
i feel like a document that is 5544 pages long should be broken down into a bunch of smaller things that are n't stupidly long .
seems pretty stupid that something can pass without actually being looked at .
you will make an idol of your own reason .
the apostles taught the inerrancy of scripture and so did christ .
you ca n't pull a verse from context and change its meaning to make your point .
essentially the keys on your keyboard have only two positions the switch is either on or off .
where the analog control has a full range between 0 and 100 .
this applies to situations like driving walking speed throttle or the degree of a turn .
this is an attempt to bridge the gap between the fluidity of analog control and the precision of a mouse .
here 's a link to 90 seconds of the video that demonstrates the difference https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=chvxrneqdzo feature=youtu.be t=369 and how the two can work together .
this looks like a late prototype of what this guy is trying to do and i think it works pretty well already .
between sammy being made of glass and harvin 's career looking like it 's over bills are going to have to be looking seriously at the wr position in the offseason .
i 'm taking a bus up to nyc to checkout a car .
hopefully i 'll be driving it back but i have a return ticket anyways .
i almost did something similar last weekend until i got hold of the carfax .
this 2 owner car '' was in fact a 5 owner car and the 4th owner wrecked the car and had it repossessed ... .
luckily this one is a carfax verified 1 owner with 25 service records .
edit hail damage all over the car front bumper not correct low on oil leaking oil and ps fluid and needed tires .
dealer would n't budge off 5900 for a 2004 330i
yeah no idea its not a major deal though it happens .
same thing happened after the spider room to a team i was on we actually had to wipe because it would n't open the doors to the next area .
its actually a bonus now that bosses drop engrams though and you get a scorch cannon too .
never liked the app it runs in the background no matter what you do and all kinds of other crap .
facebook app is n't worth it when the safari version is basically the same thing .
i 'm 5'6 '' and wear a 28 inch inseam .
once me and my flatmate were playing a game where we try and get shazam to recognise what song we 're playing on guitar .
we were playing blackbird by the beatles but shazam thought we were the kidz bop version
if it was solely about the money he could have quit a couple million ago .
i find it hilarious that for over 100 years now the go-to critique of anarchists among certain fellows is the you 're petty-bourgeois ! ''
line yet when a party these fellows fawn over explicitly supports the small capitalists and a left-liberal politician it 's we do this because something something transitional programme building mass movement got ta sell newspapers '' .
my pregnant belly did n't show until i was in my 8th month and trust me when it finally starts to get firm you 'll know .
funny enough everyone still thinks that i 'm just fat i was chubby before i got pregnant
what is with you losers and ruining your comments with those stupid fucking edits ?
absolutely nobody on earth gives a fucking shit what your highest comment is about .
why do you feel the need to announce it ?
secondly if you want to thank the person who gave you gold just pm them directly instead of making stupid fucking acceptance speeches .
how much of a loser are you that you have to flip out like a toddler at a little bit of internet attention to your anonymous username ?
nobody knows who you are nor cares about you .
is your life so devoid of actual accomplishments that imaginary internet points make you feel like your life is worth anything ?
because some people take the internet circle jerk at face value .
i was a life long nh resident until i turned 18 and adapted and overcame by moving to southern california .
the flight stick they are making is supposed to have a touch screen
stephen king was absolutely blasted out of his mind on coke so im not surprised
or by trying '' do you mean implementing a system that is flawed and then trying to fix it from there ?
can you please tell me how to do that ?
ik ben chemicus van beroep en het is echt opvallend hoe laks er wordt gedaan over dit soort gevaarlijke stoffen .
ik vind het sowieso al vreemd hoe die stoffen in enorm geconcentreerde vorm gewoon voor de onwetende consument te krijgen zijn .
i was thinking something like this at first but the more you play it the more you learn the map and the spots to be at .
once you get the hang of it you can last much longer .
this same thing happened to me when five '' came out .
i literally could not turn the power on or get past round 7 for hours .
but once you get your strategy down its super enjoyable .
it is the new loe 's mechanic you get a tracking like effect where you see 3 random cards that match the discover 's description like here you will see 3 random legendaries and you will pick 1 .
except a car ca n't remain on the road if you do n't maintain it .
just like a game does n't remain updated unless you ... .maintain it .
so lets take the example of tf2 where there just was n't any reason for valve to churn out new content because there was no money in it .
hence the game had practically nothing new for 8 years except a few usable weapons which you found and could craft randomly anyway .
your metaphor is the one that does n't work for overwatch .
you 're saying it has some sort of levelling system that you can not obtain the highest level of ?
your example works for something like wow where you ca n't compete because you cant level to the new cap to get the new gear/skills etc .
an fps where if you 're not absolutely dogshit terrible you have a chance to kill any other character with any of the 21 base characters .
29:00 the older black lady in the audience shaking her head no .
32:00 holy crap there is a midget on stage .
but in all seriousness o'malley does n't deserve much comment .
44:00 i 'm pretty underwhelmed with sanders so far .
at the same time i 've already heard a lot of this so i 'm not really the target audience .
interested to see what kind of viewership this gets .
46:00 the larry david reference got a lot of laughs .
48:00 missed a great opportunity to address socialism on the biggest misconception question .
kindof seemed like an old fart on the technology question .
maybe rocking the old guy motif is an angle .
it 's one thing to say you were involved in the civil rights movement but the picture of him leading a sit in really drives the point home .
1:17:00 summarizing the last 10 minutes bad things are bad .
i 'm not going to take any strong stance on anything that anyone might disagree with . ''
1:29:00 o'malley the only white guy in the picture sanders leading a civil rights sit-in ... no racial undertone picture for clinton ?
dude i 'm in the same boat as you not only is it confusing it also forces you to grind even more .
friend of mine wanted to do this and bungie told him it was n't possible sorry
does it not run on other smartphones apart from iphone ?
one feedback i have is whether we can customize the option colour scheme
er wordt hier volgens mij niet bedoeld dat pesten ok is maar dat pesten te verklaren is vanuit menselijk gedrag .
mensen die anders zijn dan anderen en daardoor opvallen worden door de massa '' met meer wantrouwen bekeken en wekken sterkere reacties op dan mensen die zogenaamd normaal '' zijn .
how can people so supportive of gay marriage not want someone like me with 2 wives be legally married happily .
we have 4 kids are secular not mormon or muslim .
been together all three of us for 4 years n married ceremonially for almost 2 .
the poster http www.moetron.com/uploads/20150820_dogs01.jpg for this show looks good hoping for a winter release !
i just need 1 torchlight 2 so i can play with my friend pretty please !
how would you spell iehovah if all the tiles were invisible though ?
your submission has been removed because theverge.com is not an allowed source at r/nottheonion .
theverge.com has been determined to not be a reliable news source or possibly not even a news source at all .
please find an alternate source for the news story if applicable .
if it is a list of cool stuff '' kind of thing those are generally not deemed oniony '' in nature and should be avoided from submission to r/nottheonion .
for a complete list of domains that are not allowed click here https www.reddit.com/r/nottheonion/wiki/autoremoval .
if you 're new to r/nottheonion you may want to check out nto101 an introduction to r/nottheonion https www.reddit.com/r/nottheonion/wiki/nto101 for more information on our rules and answers to frequently asked questions .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nottheonion if you have any questions or concerns .
well as dead as they already are compared to generator monks on live .
blizzard change the meta to force people to try new things .
kind of sucks but i like sweeping wind at least .
i was unsure about what the runnit policy was on public displays of penis .
most of us run in compression gear now and then so i 'd say it 's encouraged .
i do admit they 've got expensive bb/sbbs though and it helps but its not that amazing .
if it reduced the total needed it 'd be better .
alas it does n't and i 'm skipping it for that reason alone .
thanks for the clarification btw where did you pick it up for that prior ?
the cops did n't feel like doing the paperwork and they needed room in the jail
yeah every time i hold a device in my hand it 's always half the size i thought it would be based on reviews .
stones and lukaku will go though it 's a matter of when not if .
and if they will go the best the club can do is make sure it 's for a good return on the investment and hopefully not to a direct rival .
the priest who married us organised it for us so not sure what he did !
but if you google papal marriage blessing i 'm sure you 'll get some info ! !
you have to wear your wedding dress and suit again to do it !
to try and counter the points in that video i ca n't really counter the ballerina thing but it is cool .
the pressing triangle constantly '' bit seems to be for entertainment value only since its against basic thugs with no special abilities at the start of the game and doing that against them constantly breaks your combo making you unable to do special moves and doing much less damage per hit making what should take less than a minute even as short as 10 seconds with proper ability use into a several minute borefest of pressing the counter button .
absolutely any thug with a weapon can not be fought in this way .
shields and stun batons ca n't be countered knives need to be countered with timed inputs whilst holding movement stick away from them .
i 'll not spoil other enemy types for anyone who has n't played an arkham game .
but they also ca n't be countered like this .
the stealth section of the video afterwards is also only against basic thugs armoured thugs that ca n't be hit with a basic silent takedown are more common later and being seen leads to you taking a bunch of bullets .
you also get tiny amounts of xp for only doing one type of takedown .
the comment about batarangs after here says that a batarang can hold enough charge '' .
the batarang he hit the fusebox with did not have any charge as it had n't gone through electricity before hitting the box .
yes the goals of the game are pretty obvious and the main path has hand holdiness enough to make sure you know what you 're doing .
did you loose orientation or something and fly into the trees ?
some players also like it on tanks like sion and mundo but i did not try it out on my own
my friends refuse to play risk with me because i have a tendency to forget about playing to win and just aim to fuck up the first person to attack me .
if you go that way everything has a reason pointless comment .
the 1st season is being rerun on el rey no new shows are planned .
i guess my biggest tip is do n't lose heart !
if i learned anything it 's that this diet is working even when it feels like it is n't .
last year i did n't lose anything on the scale for almost six months i got so ragey about it that i totally missed that i had shrunk five inches in that time s people expect weight loss to be linear and if you average out my total poundage lost in the past two years it 's roughly 3-4 pounds per month but if you were to graph the actual loss it 'd look more like a staircase and sometimes like some hellish escher-esque line art p
i would say i there were periods where i had to count calories more closely every 15 or so pounds there was this odd hump where i had to lower them until my body adjusted to being more efficient .
mostly it 's being aware of how many calories you should eat and then sticking to your macros within that .
ten pounds ago i introduced exercise and it was the best thing i ever did before i started exercising i had to police my protein intake more strenuously or i would plateau now i have some more wiggle room .
also stronger muscles huge difference to my shape i 've never had upper body strength before or been able to see my collarbones p it still kind of freaks me out .
as for food i found that re-creating my favorite old comfort foods went a long way to helping me to avoid eating the bad thing .
i too have a 'so i found out that my alcohol tolerance totally disappeared the hard way ' story involving a game of russian shot roulette some prince igor a karaoke bar and the underside of a table p i do n't drink so much any more and depending on the time of the month it can put some water weight on me but it always goes away i 've learned not to sweat a pound or two .
i mostly drink a glass of wine or nurse a keto mixed drink i carry a small bottle of ez sweetz in my purse and a drop or two into a gin and soda with some lime is my go to in bars although i have had to explain myself a few times p
kyle korver has more career blocks than randolph despite korver playing 6000 fewer minutes .
because deep down samsung do n't care about what is probably something they consider to be small potatoes in their billion dollar portfolio .
and they are n't prepared to pay some kids six to seven figure salaries to pay a video game for a living .
the chinese did it and look where it got them .
i just get a size bigger and i get boy 's jeans .
if just a few more people had voted against the liberals in 1998 australia would be a significantly fairer and more pleasant place now .
imagine tony abbot had had control of the senate for the last few years .
voting does matter and not every candidate is corrupt .
well i 've played video games at a higher level than the ibp guys so i think i have a reasonable ability to judge them .
a new scenario has horse and alliance players working together to kill demons .
kin jung just sneaks off to america sometimes and plays the whacky student dressed up as leader card .
have you seen what our dollar is worth compared to yours ?
a player told me might be investors who are funding it .
if that was supposed to be a joke it was n't funny .
honestly at this point im just downvoting you because everyone else is
much of this is well done but there are major issues in a few of the exercises .
your ellipses are not done correctly for the most part .
each ellipse should be drawn through two or three times before lifting up your pen .
go back and reread that entire section because it looks to me like you skipped over the lesson section glanced at the exercises and went about it your own way .
your rough perspective and organic perspective boxes do not demonstrate much forethought or planning .
you draw singular clean lines which is good but you appear to apply no planning or preparation beforehand which causes you to fail in making them straight .
this in turn causes your boxes to lack cohesion and solidity .
go back to the lesson and read the couple paragraphs at the end of the line sectin 's lesson tab .
it goes over the three stages of the ghosting method .
i would like you to redo the ellipse exercises as well as the rough perspective boxes .
i 'll leave the organic perspective boxes alone for now and will simply say that i support your decision to do the 250 box challenge .
from now on spend more time reading my lessons .
you 're missing important things that will impact you now and in the future .
i have spoken with my husband and we have come to a better place of understanding .
we are trying to build a home currently partially why we are living with my father .
tomorrow we are going to go to the buddhist temple in a town near by as a family .
he wants to support my spiritual path and did n't realize how i was feeling with his change of ideals .
he also is more accepting of me teaching buddhism to our daughter but definitely not forcing anything on her which i can agree with .
i agree and would say that some environmentalists want to protect the environment and animals for the sake of the environment and it 's animals themselves and not because of how their existence or lack thereof would effect humans .
the one on the left actually has more curvy '' curves than the one on the right .
you are n't supposed to consider things that happen off the ice .
you say he made him perform a piece he was n't prepared for .
was it a piece he should have in some cases way been prepared for ?
if it was something he was expected to know how to do i am absolutely on your husbands side .
life in general does n't tolerate excuses for non-performance .
although if he made the kid keep playing while crying and making everyone uncomfortable yeah ... . dick move .
on the other hand if it was an intentional bait-and-switch then fuck your husband .
they 're added the golden pumpkins to the pandaria board and the screw for gvg .
i think the jungle board is currently the weakest ogrimmar is kind of lame too but at least the catapult is fun although it 's severely lacking in breakables so it could use an update .
bruce is one of the best in the game .
i think he and sigi schmid should have their own tv show 0
yatto should become an app it would be the best thing ever specially if it could automatically load up your game 's stats directly .
fake black on white is n't a real colorway .
i see matt changed his mind and re-joined the church .
i probably would 've quit the game before really getting into it if it were n't for the soundtrack .
i love bernie sanders but that sub has been subverted by blacklivesmatters and blackladies .
because it is vulnerable and many people want their candidate to win at any cost .
with money they keep extensive records which can be audited and they are n't always anonymous .
with nuclear weapons you have always had people in between the launch button and the order to launch .
no nuclear computer system can automatically launch missiles without human intervention .
elections are an especially difficult problem because you need both security and anonymity .
between casting your vote and the tally you need confidence that the system has n't been subverted .
but compromised voting machines or corrupt officials could easily change the tallies without detection .
that 's why a paper trial is so essential .
it requires destruction of something physical rather than changing an entry in a database and because a paper trail allows an audit .
i see no justifiable reason to do away with the best way of maintaining confidence of the voting results which is a paper audit .
you are more than welcome by juarez to settle in the autocratic nation of mexico .
i 'm not sure if it is still a micro '' transaction at that point .
you can either go into save data on the system and delete it or use another profile on your system .
well if they said 'shooters control like garbage with a controller even if we put in agressive aimbots ' noone 's going to buy their game on them d
google translated bæ in norwegian as the sound sheep make and in icelandic as town '' but it did n't have any translation at all for danish .
i dont know if that 's true or not though
har du spelat the elder scrolls är det typ som det fast med vapen .
annars går det väl närmast att beskriva som ett spel där du kan göra lite vad du vill .
serien är framförallt känd för sitt universum som i korta drag är ett place där transitorn aldrig uppfanns och kärnvapenkrig utbröt .
i want some indication that they understand their own game at all .
the new warrior commons are obviously a way of saying look guys we totally understand how arena works and we 're balancing it '' but it only happened after years of complete obliviousness to the discussion .
on the other fronts it just seems lately like they do n't understand the metagame do n't understand basic concepts of card games do n't understand how their own rules work .
with tgt at first it seemed like they understood how the metagame was developing and introduced a lot of awesome-looking new cards to combat aggro before we all ended up realizing that joust was ill-conceived and refreshment vendor and its brethren have just been underwhelming .
it 's like they just do n't do any internal testing to reach any of their goals .
i 'm not looking for something specific like tournament mode arena warriors constructed shamans more deck slots or any of the myriad of quality of life improvements that lord knows we all want .
and i do n't need things to necessarily start catering to the competitive scene removing rng and fun and combo cards or anything like that .
i just want a vague reassurance of any kind that team 5 have any idea what they 're doing that the game is in at least reasonably competent hands .
nothing after gvg has given me that impression and blizzcon should have been the perfect opportunity to prove me wrong .
such a weird experience in the last mile though i truly felt like i was barely moving practically crawling in slow motion especially uphill but my pace did not reflect this .
and if i told you to close your eyes and imagine a typical male what would you see ?
the first thing that popped into your mind before the pc rationalizations kick in .
why not post in the user name you 've used on reddit for a while ?
it 's only a fudster that throws up negative posts in a way that hides his/her identity and association with other meaningful discourse .
please request a trade when you see me online !
i still think the republic will go to mls at some point in the future .
it would be a colossal mistake imo to not admit the republic .
josh i 'm sure you 've talked with the srfc top dogs more than me i 'm just an outsider that knows a few of the brass .
all my conversations with srfc have had me walking away with me feeling pretty optimistic about their confidence .
hell warren has been wearing a mls cap for a while and just smiles and winks when asked if it means anything .
everyone needs to take a big chill pill and stop reading armageddon '' every time a potential challenger makes a move .
sacramento is the bonafide front runner for the next round and still a first alternate ij minny or miami trip up .
our rivals '' are very much trailing us in readiness .
sa has not even started talking about true funding of the stadium expansion or franchise fee .
and their market is not more desirable than sac .
and so what that garber has n't visited yet .
w smith has been rubbing elbows with mls ownership for a few years now .
the same abbott who did visit sac and i believe garber was still recovering from chemo at that time
for you redditors that post frequently on mls your poor sac '' always bridesmaids '' schtik is coming across as weak and whiney .
all cell phones report location at all times they would n't work otherwise .
what you can try to do is obscure the fact that you are the one using that phone .
modern phone systems work because everyone involved knows who is calling and from what number .
tracing a call is n't really even a thing that exists anymore .
and as for breaking encryption one can assume that all exchanges calls texts ims etc .
there is n't an amount of time they need for decryption they already have all messages .
luckily encryption is still extremely hard to impossible to break .
this is why he nsa stores everything in case the encryption becomes breakable in the future .
and what i 've described here is just an admittedly simplified explanation of the real world excluding all of the fancy marvel universe tech .
so again there should n't even have been a line of dialogue .
i know i 'm in the minority here but can you please ask if there are any plans for mac os x support ?
i only live 45 minutes from there ... that 's so d
they needed povetkin to knock his soul out to be sure he is good .
damn i was hoping to find the jacket he was wearing over the grey turtle neck .
maybe accepted by the developers but there are always haters who will downvote just for spite as well as individuals who just do not like the idea and downvote with honesty .
so there i was about a week ago getting water in between sets .
then i see an older guy looks out of place but dont pay him much attention .
after i finished my next set of tricep pull downs i hear some loud grunting .
i turn around half expecting a jacked 240lb body builder but nope .
its the old dude ripping out some sets of stretches .
all the regulars take out their headphones and look around thinking like really ? '' .
not to mention he was in the middle of the gym encroaching on many ppls space .
after 10 minutes of stretching and moaning he leaves ...
no but i found a ... means to watching this game finally .
dude did you write all that out or is it a canned list you have ?
jma was a k-12 school so he was actually in hs while i was in middle school but he knew my sister very well only two years apart with about 40 students in each graduating year until recently .
so i was step_back_girl's-older-sister 's little sister '' to him .
editor 's note politico stands by its reporting on this story which has been updated to reflect ben carson 's on the record response .
the original story and headline said that carson 's campaign had admitted he fabricated '' a full scholarship '' from west point but now carson denies that his campaign 's statement constituted such an admission and the story and headline were changed to reflect that .
politico 's reporting established that carson said he received a full scholarship '' from west point in writing and in public appearances over the years — but in fact he did not and there is actually no such thing as a full scholarship '' to the taxpayer-funded academy .
and today in response to politico he acknowledged for the first time that was not the case .
carson never explicitly wrote that he had applied for admission to west point although that was the clear implication of his claim to have received an offer of a full scholarship '' a point that politico 's initial report should have made clear .
i 'd like battlegrounds '' where players for each team dock in a capital ship or follow its wake .
this capital ship blasts off to a fight players for each team fight fun is had by all .
maybe these engagements are announced ahead of time like a mini-cg and it matches even numbers of player in as many instances as necessary .
players for faction 1 meet at station y at 9:55 players for faction 2 meet at station z at 9:55 .
players nav-lock the ship or dock with it and it takes off .
a minute later they are in the middle of a huge conflict zone with npc and cmdr ships everywhere .
once the capital ship is destroyed no reinforcements can come .
maybe the losing faction covers its players insurance claims p
yes the mood is not very welcoming i 'd agree with that .
reality is there are a lot of people in the world online and irl who get up every morning and make it their life 's mission to the make the world a little bit worse of a place .
spreading their cynical toxic personality in as many places as they can is what gives them a sense of self-satisfaction .
you have to learn how to spot these folks .
sometimes they 'll start off seeming as though they are giving normal criticism but after a couple replies you can quickly see that no matter what you say they just want to argue .
that 's when you should dismiss anything they 've said as nothing but an internet troll .
lol this is why u dont use the fucking rear brake to stop .
it 's not really a slur if you do in fact want to use state apparatuses of oppression . ''
read more about anupam kher leads march against 'awards wapsi ' meets president on business standard .
kher who is a bjp supporter on saturday morning led a 'march for india ' to rashtrapati bhavan
veteran actor led a 'march for india ' to protest against the voices being raised over intolerance '' in the country and later called on president for what he described as a great meeting '' where he raised concerns about the 'award wapsi ' by a string of artistes .
kher who is a bjp supporter on saturday morning led a 'march for india ' to rashtrapati bhavan to protest against the voices being raised over intolerance '' in the country .
in india even if there is one incident of atrocity the whole country rises in revolt '' kishwar said .
but suddenly over one stray killing in uttar pradesh where samajwadi party is in power people are returning awards '' she said .
do n't need international certificate on our 'tolerance ' levels anupam kher http www.business-standard.com/article/news-ani/don-t-need-international-certificate-on-our-tolerance-levels-anupam-kher-115110700064_1.html
protesting over wrong projection of nation 's image bhandarkar http www.business-standard.com/article/news-ani/protesting-over-wrong-projection-of-nation-s-image-bhandarkar-115110700136_1.html
slamming 'selective outrage ' anupam kher leads march against 'intolerance ' protests http www.ndtv.com/delhi-news/anupam-khers-march-for-india-today-against-intolerance-protests-1241047
often rescue groups can help families in these kinds of situations .
all that travel money and you did n't want to build a pc ?
i knew a half mexican/half filipino chick that calls herself chinita '' dumbest shit ever .
honestly this is the best deal you will find online .
idk about other black friday deals yet but this is already an amazingly good deal .
you mean he should have known beforehand that semih would get injured .
oh we have callaway and then a bunch of really good te 's .
we 're lacking at wr but the te depth helps
true i have no idea why they are 300 lol it randomly swapped to that one day .
at our store the staff just stopped working as hard and brought it up all the time so management stopped that policy .
actually i really liked that particular store in south winnipeg .
but the one i worked at in another province was awful .
i was a recycler and it was just me and one other dude to handle a huge facility with 30 sorters and two or three truckloads of deliveries a day .
csa will come under scrutiny in due course as well and they know it .
together with jat and lot and the derelict malev and now estonair they form the club of five sinners ex national carriers whose fate was sealed with their countries ' accession to the eu and now the hammer is only coming down one at a time .
the 8 is nowhere near any of the letters in what ''
i also like playing with really fun texture packs while baked .
know that as a community time and time again we 've been wrong about what needs nerfs and buffs and just go with the flow ?
you have a much higher cost of living with a much higher base pay it 's not actually a ton higher .
sounds like he only do it to gain subs and followers .
i feel like the ui designer s at 343i do n't want to go back to the older ui layouts as they want to make it their own or they want to try their hand at innovating and see if it catches on as bungie did but it simply does n't work .
there 's lots of things i 've liked about the uis in recent halo games but that typically does n't include functionality .
i wish they 'd keep pushing forward aesthetically but be more willing to return to something more familiar and intuitive when it comes to the user experience .
he can get the heat to be the top heel but ca n't get the crowd to accept him as the top babyface .
i adore pictures of squads pre/post operation ... few of my favorites taken pre-zeus missions http images.akamai.steamusercontent.com/ugc/622969722292543530/ac4bce0dd8e2cf3ff333fda5fc49107f0a87bb23 and http images.akamai.steamusercontent.com/ugc/538519528522190444/3036ed1528eabc2df865990ba57b5edb1cb89c51
they are n't role models so maybe the nfl should stop marketing them that way .
derrick rose marketed himself as the savior of post mj chicago and then gets caught having embarrassing gang bangs .
bitch please stop sucking up to dick head athletes .
fuck greg hardy fuck derrick rose fuck these high paid douche bags who make sports unpleasant .
how about the league fund studies on healing brain injuries before we start screaming about weed ...
build him a fued with another big name for mania who you would have as the big name is another question .
i do n't want him in the title picture as it should be used to build new stars as of now while the absentees are still away unless he works in every ppv .
this comment has been overwritten by an open source script to protect this user apos s privacy .
it was created to help protect users from doxing stalking harassment and profiling for the purposes of censorship .
if you would also like to protect yourself add the chrome extension tampermonkey https chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/tampermonkey/dhdgffkkebhmkfjojejmpbldmpobfkfo or the firefox extension greasemonkey https addons.mozilla.org/en-us/firefox/addon/greasemonkey and add this open source script https greasyfork.org/en/scripts/10380-reddit-overwrite .
then simply click on your username on reddit go to the comments tab scroll down as far as possible hint use res http www.redditenhancementsuite.com and hit the new overwrite button at the top .
i know how to make a business successful..i have a knack for analysis .
i have no education in business other than my own personal research but i have helped increase business ' profits by upwards of 25 .
every job i 've been at i have been instrumental in successful steps towards increasing business .
i also knew how to play guitar as soon as i picked one up .
any instrument in fact i can play as soon as i touch it .
at 5 years old i taught myself to play kickstart my heart '' by motley crue in 10 minutes and took guitar lessons for only a year and a half at 12 years old before i out-grew my teacher .
only notable things i 've done with that have been playing some cool venues like the whiskey a go go and chain reaction .
i 'll mention though that i 'm not committing any atrocities to photograph .
unless sending people to live in a country with a far higher quality of life is an atrocity ?
also there 's little to no indonesian culture in eastern new guinea so all the deportation is going on in the west .
if you want to get your pictures of me helping people that 's where you need to go .
also i have n't neglected the east as the 25,000 troops will be stationed of course throughout the island .
port moresby is the largest city do you think i 'm going to ignore it ?
the point is to ignore the woman and thus not rape her !
i would be devastated if my fiancé stopped coming back from the shops with random crap he thought looked tasty at the time .
the direct entry msns had no issue with getting employed and most states want to know the general break down of the clinical hours and content if they look at it too closely .
you did n't ask a question so it 's not a guess it 's a statement .
how mmos have fallen truly sad days we live in .
i am not usually moved by things some would say i do n't express myself .
not only is he famous he remembers what it was like to be that kid looking for a break and he gave the kid a chance .
that is the proper use of power and empathy .
that 's kinda their job because they want to keep their options open .
they do n't know what the market is going to be like in five years and the internet loves to dig up a statement by a developer made in a casual conversation from five years ago about not having any plans to do x and then decry the company is betraying them by doing x now .
what are your views on some people wanting global to be like japan ?
is global gon na continue follow in japan 's every footstep or be new and inventive ?
arguably huns are one of the worst civs for beginners since they do not learn that houses are important and the benefit of not needing to pay to it might be nice at first but dampen their enjoyment of the game in the long run since it becomes a frustrating nuisance if you are not used to it .
i 'd say if you want to learn the game look at all the civs and pick one that seems to do cool stuff .
and look at the channels that u/cortical has mentioned .
and if you have questions just come back here and ask .
i 'll send you the link to the song asap and you can tell me if you 'd still be interested .
if yes we can share some ideas considering scenes and stuff and you can do parts of the song still interested ?
while in lcs teams have good voice communication in solo queue people only have a chat box to talk through .
lane swaps never happen in solo queue or it rarely does .
people really wont care about team comps and you should let them pick their comfort champs instead of forcing them to play champs that they are uncomfortable with just becuase it fits in the comp .
but if ur asking about competitive teams ban certain champions to so that they can deny the opponent 's comfort picks for example tsm banning lee sin and reksai against lgd 's jungler tbq so that he underperforms trade certain strong champs they want for example c9 banning kogmaw reksai and mordekaiser and instead they get kalista braum darius while edg gets fiora .
famous comps are protect the adc '' so literally every one is made to just peel the adc and the mid laner is utility like lulu and orianna .
theres the poke comp where pretty much the carries have a poking ability to whittle down the enemy team before they engage .
theres the disengage comp to deter hard engage from the opponent team .
so good disengage champs like gragas maokai janna would be good .
and theres the good ol ' hard engage using champs like leona zed pantehon skarner to engage on the enemy team .
lane swap usually occurs when bot lane has an unfavorable matchup and the top laner has a champ that does okay in 2v1 such as maokai sion gp and gnar .
or when the team wants to starve off a top lane that can be a threat like darius .
our shop which was primarily a doosan/fanuc shop recently started getting okumas lt2000 and a mv460 and i love them !
i am lucky enough to be able to write some programs for them .
i guess my question is how can i convince my shop to buy more ?
i used to have that one it 's not really uncommon .
so being hot if your current guy forced you into anal by badgering you til you wore down and was rough with you during without you wanting him to be you 'd be ok ?
good think you 're hot because that 's one of the fucking dumbest things i 've ever read .
you have some amazing tits and i could look at them all day but i want to see more .
i want to see you post your other astonishing assets .
this is that beautiful mind aha moment shit where a convoluted onspiracy comes to light .
nomad is an anogram for new world order in latin !
his appearances on u talking u2 to me are also fantastic .
remodelling bismarck is only worth if you have two blueprints on standby .
hold onto that blueprint for now and once you have another ready give it to bismarck for direct drei remodel .
if your standard bbs are lacking consider giving it to yamashiro .
her kai ni form is excellent for it restores the firepower lost during her kai remodel the situationally useful 23 plane slot and you get yourself a useful proto 41cm and zuiun 12 .
if your fbbs are lacking littorio is a good choice .
an excellent fbb albeit expensive to operate her pasta guns are great for range her oto 152mm 's good for your clts and her 90mm ha for maya .
if you already have these equipment then her priority drops somewhat .
shoukaku and zuikaku are excellent blueprint candidates but since you do n't have the former and the latter is too low-leveled coupled with the fact that you are entering event prep mode you could hold the blueprint for them .
however by the time they are available/leveled you 'll probably have access to another blueprint .
got ta let it go or you end up on
your submission has been automatically removed because your account is either too new or does not meet the minimum karma requirements http www.reddit.com/r/fitness/wiki/rules wiki_3._posting_rights_require_minimum_qualifications of r/fitness .
many common questions have already been answered by our community so if you are new to fittit please ensure you
read our wiki http www.reddit.com/r/fitness/wiki/index particularly the getting started http www.reddit.com/r/fitness/wiki/getting_started and faq http www.reddit.com/r/fitness/wiki/faq sections
follow all our rules http www.reddit.com/r/fitness/wiki/rules and posting guidelines http www.reddit.com/r/fitness/wiki/rules wiki_general_guidelines .
if you have done all of this and your question is still not answered click here http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2ffitness subject=please+reapprove message=/r/fitness/comments/3rvc82/best_laparoscopic_surgeon_in_bangalore 0a 0aplease 20review 20my 20post to submit your post for moderator review .
alternatively you may use the moronic monday http www.reddit.com/r/fitness/search ? q=flair 3amon sort=new restrict_sr=on or foolish friday http www.reddit.com/r/fitness/search ? q=foolish+friday sort=new restrict_sr=on threads for any questions .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/fitness if you have any questions or concerns .
good thing you have a killer edge to show for it .
personally i think the person who finds it necessary to start calling the other an idiot chimp and hundreds of other variables of the previously listed insults only 2 replies into the argument is the one who needs to grow the fuck up ''
sure maybe he 's not a very pleasant individual .
but you do n't get to accuse him of harassment just for that .
it heavily favors india only because india have those spinners .
had pakistan for instance been playing on this same pitch we would have seen a much more equal contest batsmen who are acquainted with spin bowlers who bowl on these wickets day in and day out .
it 's just like perth heavily favors australia and their kind of bowling against subcontinental teams or how a seaming pitch in england favors them .
none of them are unsporting this one is n't either .
it 's alien to the visiting team and they will have trouble adjusting straightaway but that 's about it .
indian batsmen have made some terrible mistakes and in the first innings elgar bowled a couple of beautiful balls .
sa too have been victim of uncertainty more than the pitch itself .
you can easily defeat india in these conditions if you can a bat well and b bowl spin well .
look at what graeme swann and panesar did in 2012 supported by cook and pietersen .
pretty similar pitch ... in fact if anything it was more helpful to spinners than this one .
yeah but there 's where i think the future proof holds .
if i think my processor is running to slow for my use i could always overclock it .
you have withdrawals if you do n't take it after consuming it for a while .
could never wear a heat with a sticker still on it .
how the hell is it his responsibility to create a home for students ?
i do n't particularly feel comfortable when i 'm failing a test or getting stressed out by homework or finals but i do n't whine to the dean that an expected consequence of the challenges of college should be eradicated in order for me to feel comfortable '' at college .
it 's to learn and to be challenged right ?
so if u can play the new account ftp first does the raf bonus only come into affect once membership is purchased ?
where i live you could get a yearlong ticket for public transport for that..
the best post in this thread is this one https np.reddit.com/r/nottheonion/comments/3rrz2a/sweden_tells_refugees_stay_in_germany_as_ikea/cwrkzdz .
i 'll have to remember this ice breaker on my next first date .
if you found a microwave dish or a sandwich you really enjoyed would you decline an invitation to a fancy restaurant because that sandwich exists ?
i promise even should you feel the climax from masturbatione is the greatest feeling in the world it will not make sex less great .
on the contrary i am agreeing that mistakes happen and getting a dui should n't be a one and done '' type of deal unless it 's a serious or blatant offense but people need to learn from their mistakes and correct their behavior .
what i am saying and where the problem with the us system is is that people who get three four five duis are still being allowed to operate a vehicle virtually unrestricted .
this should not be the case and i would hope that most people agree with that .
the professor 's statement that pauper can be a gateway into more expensive/profitable formats for people with changing economic situations really captures my experience .
i was exposed to magic in grade school and was attracted to the art but i never learned learned the rules properly and really only played '' it a couple of times .
flash forward to freshman year of college i really wanted to get into magic .
unfortunately i found the cost was to much on a student budget .
i somehow found out about pauper made a mtgo account bought a few decks and never looked back .
for nearly 6 years i have played nothing put pauper online .
now that i 'm making money off my degree i 'm looking to purchase my first commander deck in paper .
had i never stumbled across the pauper format i likely would n't be playing magic today .
wotc please if you read reddit for some reason promote pauper .
pauper can provide the full constructed magic experience for people who would otherwise write the game off because of cost .
pauper can be wotc 's foot-in-the-door for so many magic curious people .
anyone know how we can appeal to wotc 's directly ?
what was the evolution of commander 's success and could we replicate it ?
they are n't challenging just unbearable longer because they gave mobs more health and armor they wo n't surprise you because you know which one is every level to do dailies you can just choose swamplands and molten duo .
i loved fractals and there was never liquid money coming out from them .
now i do n't like them that much and rewards to my point of view are worse .
i hope the game-flow goes in my favor in this one since he has the 2 wr 's !
yeah next week williams has cleveland and i will for sure be playing him next week with ivory benching hill and freeman will be on bye .
we 're all such tender hearts that we feel everyone 's freedom should suffer for it . ''
wonder how long this will be around until someone sticks their dick in it .
it 's nobody 's fault because it is n't true .
there are hardly any people voicing against statements like this .
so what ... you expect people to be sitting there disputing every post they do n't believe ?
you assume much more fervent participation than is reasonable .
what the hell do you think is going on in r/conspiratard ?
there 's a never-ending supply of posts about flat earthers even though almost nobody believes that crap ...
who is this new emergency loan keeper and what happened to rob elliot ?
it is weird with all the crazy stuff he has done in the ring he gets injured giving a powerbomb .
just wait until crafting kicks in and they 've got to protect their precious pink drives
on the plus side maybe fd will add a snowflake particle effect ... d
nah as much as this rant is encased in a solid block of sodium you are right it is a properly crappy exploit .
not sure why they ca n't just put at least a 30sec timer after a hit from a player weapon .
that 'd allow pirates to still have civilised chats etc they 'd just have to fire a periodic warning shot with explanation
i remember seeing them bunch up in a bottle neck and was like fuck yeah they 're making it easy and just pummeled them with white phosphorous 5 min later i felt bad .
first of all do n't assume that just because i am on the other side that i am a closed minded person .
i totally think the other side is valid and i do n't realistically think abortion is going away any time soon .
i 've never participated in a protest or anything of that nature .
i understand that it is a big decision to make and i get that it is a very convenient thing .
i also agree that in the case of rape or danger to the mother you should be able to choose if you want an abortion .
the key difference between you and me is that you believe it is a bunch of cells at the start and i believe it is a baby from the start .
but a baby 's heart is formed at 5 weeks and i think most people should agree that anything with a heart is a living thing and by having an abortion you are ending that living thing human or not .
but i can live with someone having an abortion before 5 weeks because there is n't a heart yet .
also i totally agree with that last paragraph i just do n't think that the ending of a life is for people to feel '' if it 's right or wrong but for their to be a definitive answer .
again do n't assume i am a bigot just because i am on the other side .
i 've never imposed my views on any woman making this choice i am just simply stating my opinion .
call me wrong but do n't call me closed minded .
can we have one of elliot save around the 37th minute
on pc it 's a lot easier to accurately turn 180 and kill an enemy .
it felt like star wars being on the battlefield of hoth watching the lasers fly over your head was huge .
just to leave a little story about this guy when he and hjärnan duoqd and they needed a lunchbreak they do n't afk like normal people they order in some food go into an aram q and then afk ingame when i asked him why i should n't report him for afking he answered rather arrogant 'idgaf report me riot wo n't ban me anyways cause im in the lcs'..i hope nobody signs this guy
it 's actually a twilight fanfic with new names so she could monetize it .
imas samo jedan zivot to je jedino sto vredi !
to exploit those with no money and no voice then make it extremely difficult or illegal for them to vote in their wonky district '' .
when you log into cobalt there is a button with game options '' and you can choose force opengl .
you could also get even more fancy and hook up a photoresistor to a buzzer so that whenever light shines on the photoresistor the buzzer sounds then when you shut your eyes and feel the warmth hold up the photoresistor and listen for buzzing .
or take some photosensitive chemicals and hold them up with your eyes shut and then see what happens to them .
there are so many ways of demonstrating that light exists !
no he 's saying the only thing people can say when we present all these issues with the game is mods will fix it '' .
i like it how you argue it is an argument from authority to say that gavin has successfully led this project for years formed the current dev team gave commit access to 4 of them and even leadership to one of them has written some 200k lines of code on core and was entrusted by satoshi to then go on to use an argument from authority by saying
a different coinbase member charlie lee who has actual experience with decentralized cryptocurrency being a founder of litecoin has strongly advocated against bip 101 and against xt .
i wonder who has more credibility in the debate ? ''
it is about arguments and we have heard all the arguments over many months and beaten them to death .
after hearing all that was to be said the supermajority of users miners businesses wallet developers etc have concluded that the blocksize must be raised in a bip101 fashion .
now maybe not start at 8mb doubling every two years perhaps start at 5 or 6mb increasing by 30 .
or flexicap which punishes miners if they want to increase the blocksize ?
or the 2-4-8 which puzzlingly stops at 8 for no reason when everyone demands 8 right now ?
no that is not where the consensus of the supermajority of miners users businesses and developers lays .
hopefully blockstream will realise that the people many if not most of them quite technical with some very technical since most here are probably coders have spoken and have passed judgement on all the arguments made and therefore come forward with a proposal of perhaps 5-6mb to start with and 30 to be implemented immediately .
otherwise everyone should just move to bip101 as many have said will do and as that is the only reasonable proposal in my view and the view of the supermajority from what every indication can tell .
i know there have been a lot of noise issues .
the wall between the push and the parlor was never property noise-proofed making them impossible bed-fellows .
i believe parlor is hoping to re-open soon in a new nearby location .
this why korean ladies should only marry within the minjok .
your post/comment has been removed for the following reason s
rule 6 no fireteam friend request or clan threads .
please use r/fireteams or the team up tuesday megathread instead .
copywriting has been around since products have existed to sell .
now those marketers are online and using the same headlines they always have .
that you 'll never guess what happens next '' has been around for decades easily .
what kills me about the philosophy of letting players determine the meta is that we the players become the problem .
blizzard needs to step in and find some way to inspire creativity and give players a reason to not just net deck and pee in the hearthstone pool .
it 's not like stocking wbb with afk players is some new strat .
i 'm just calling it as it is no big deal .
as for enticing people to jump into irc and the forums ?
lol those are full of people who are toxic as fuck perpetually comparing e-peens .
i 'm not sure that 's the best way to try to lure new players in but what do i know ?
in the grand scheme of things making wbb a safe zone is probably a good way to protect new players from getting fleeced .
sans has gasters technology so.. maybe that could be used somehow ?
the slowpoke i 'm offering comes with a bold nature btw .
i will add you now and then hop online ingame
would you like to have any nickname for her ?
it 's really cool that you can go through and see events in his life and gaming in his pattern of videos .
it 's gotten super popular and therefore hated on this sub but if you want a hearty tasty meal in the quarter that 's cheap coop 's .
if you go during the dinner rush expect to wait in line .
grab an irish coffee at molly 's while you wait .
this looks identical to where i lived in palm coast growing up in fl .
i have no idea what relevance your ridiculous conspiracy theories have here .
the reason bathrooms are segregated all over the world by sex
nobody bats an eye if a trans woman uses the female restroom .
it would in fact be more disturbing if she used the male restroom .
from this perspective we are kinda confused on why this is such a huge deal in the usa .
video comes out of another player beating the shit out of his girlfriend .
the ray rice incident generated all kinds of outrage once the video came out .
game accounts/codes are not allowed to be sold here due to the risk of scams .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/csgotrading if you have any questions or concerns .
not sure why you think you do n't have the skills to make fresh pasta .
you need a pasta 'machine ' to roll out the pasta but skill wise it 's easy to do ...
here 's a basic recipe i obviously used my mixer but a hand roller will do the job .
vag that smells like fish not as gross but still kind of cool .
even though i do n't like fish because they smell like smelly vag but smelly vag is cool because it 's vag .
honestly it 's awful because i 'm usually too much for guys to handle .
guys usually ca n't give me what i need and i also have trouble orgasming because i 'm a female and a lot of females have that problem and it 's just doubly frustrating you feel ?
and i do n't know what you mean by how do you feel about your desire ?
i know that i love it and hate it .
i feel like if i could just find someone on my level i would be so happy because i would have sex every day with someone who gets it and is just as into sex as i am and gets that it does n't ever have to end and we can just have so much sex all of the time .
on the other hand i 'm a handful to be with and i do n't want to be a slut so it 's just awful .
hmmm be spooked by evil forest or sit next to a finn in a protected bus
i too take extensive and very real notes before during and after every social gathering and rank the people i see to create a complex hierarchy that reinforces my world views .
that does n't mean she wo n't show up in other regards .
they said we 'll find out what she 's been doing all those years through the marks artifact quest but they have n't said that she wo n't have more to everything than just that .
dus niet in discussie gaan met mensen die het niet met je eens zijn ?
de morele implicaties daar gelaten is dat een extreem ineffectieve manier om mensen van jouw punt te overtuigen
oh yeah it does n't work with pro which is why i forgot about it .
because there 's no really reliable way to tell if you 're currently impaired by marijuana right now .
there 's a piss test that is yes or no and could be from 3 weeks ago .
bac and breathalyzers tell you the current impairment right then .
mcgee is done he could n't even play backup center for the sixers and beat out aldemir .
for decades i 've listened to people talk about pitching winning championships .
nobody had better pitching than the braves during most of their run and they had one title to show for it .
we had better pitching than the royals and we lost .
pitching does n't win shit if you keep letting the other team take the extra base and score on errors and when you ca n't put the ball in play with runners on .
i can only assume they are riding on false hope .
when there is severe necessity you are desperate for a miracle .
remember how people used to say that being gay was a mental illness ?
or when women were n't subservient enough to their husbands or did n't want children that meant they were mentally ill ?
the only reason you believe this is because it is part of the conservative ideals of the time period you were raised in .
had you been born 100 years earlier you probably would have been perpretrating the same beliefs except this time about gay people .
in 50 years people will be judging the fuck out of your narrow-minded ass .
if you wait a bit it 'll start to melt down your throat and you 'll be good to go again .
i was going to suggest lola but i vote for olive .
there 's certainly something behind the shortage of female doms .
but it comes down to the same thing as women choosing to be stay-at-home parents .
on the one hand we need to recognize the pressure and social conditioning that leads women to that kind of lifestyle choice .
but on the other hand we also need to respect their choices and recognize that opposing the larger pattern of more women being stay-at-home parents or sexually submissive does n't mean that we oppose individual women who live in those roles .
for some of them that may be a perfectly natural '' role that they would have enjoyed without the social conditioning .
and for the others we wo n't be very successful at empowering them to choose something else if we do n't support then in learning how to choose in the first place .
plus personally i just ca n't feminist all the time .
i hope future generations of women have different lives than me and i 'm happy to advocate for that .
but i 'm also not going to stop living my personal life in ways that make me happy just because those stereotypes exist .
coastal rental houses and hotels can be profitable in just a couple years after construction .
nobody really cares that they 'll have to be rebuilt in a few years .
i lost count of the number of times highway 12 https en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/north_carolina_highway_12 on the outer banks has been repaired dug out straightened rebuilt etc .
it is literally built on sand that constantly shifts .
yet it connects coastal tourist economy towns and beach houses for the wealthy and privileged so nobody ever asks why we do n't just let barrier islands be uninhabited protective barrier islands .
honestly who cares about the payment model pretty much everyone on this subredit and a huge of blizzard fans across the world will buy the game regardless .
most people that bought blizzard games before and liked it are heart wired to blizzard and when that happens the price becomes irelevant
the voters will decide when he should leave the race not the media
description of gameplay elements a scrolling level with magikoopas teleporting around the player turning blocks into monsters and items .
there is no overload of enemies and there are plenty of opportunities for a player to make their own choice on how they want to proceed through an area .
it is mentioned on the website https berniesanders.com/issues/fighting-for-womens-rights and i think it will go a long way if he starts making this part of his usual sound-bite on equal pay much like his usual statistic on unemployment talks about unemployment and underemployment for young african american workers being 51 and for hispanics 36 .
slmt sore my fellow komodos i 'm in a hell of a situation right now and need some help .
i 'm on a months holiday in perth and have been using my kartu paspor bca to make withdrawals for the past 2 weeks in perth with no issues .
i tried again today at several atms and a message comes up saying your financial institution has prohibited access to your card . ''
understandably bca probably thought that someone else is using my card overseas .
this is not the case though as i can still access my klikbca and klikpay online .
home city svh normally plays in hannover park in bremen germany they additionally play a series of home games each year in hamburg lübeck copenhagen tallinn gdańsk and stockholm .
sv hanseatic was founded as a joint venture between germany denmark sweden poland and estonia as a representative to the wfl. it continues in the tradition of the hanseatic league an economic union between the city-states of the baltic and north sea .
i see a ton of debate and a thread on here in the past regarding using spacers .
anyone following media coverage of the presidential election knows that the current gop issue is that the mainstream media abbreviated mm has a liberal bias .
this has become especially prominent following the msnbc primary debate .
i use the term mainstream to differentiate media outlets such as cnn msnbc fox news washington post new york times and the wall street journal from lesser known or more niche media outlets which may be better referred to as new media .
so the issue and the complaints by gop candidates has been that the mm is biased in a liberal direction and therefore scrutinizes republican candidates while letting democratic candidates skate free .
accepting for the sake of argument that this is accurate gop complaints are actually very similar to the complaints made by liberals of the free market in general .
to understand the connection i am making realize that the true bias of the mm is a profits bias .
the mm outlets are private companies or a small part of a larger corporate conglomerate .
the bias of any private company is towards profits and for the mm that means increasing viewership and sales so that advertising companies will continue to buy ad space .
for example if cnn 's audience is largely liberal then cnn would be engaged in good business by providing its audience the service it desires which is investigative articles on gop candidates .
since this ensures cnn maintains their audience that is they are providing a service that their audience will consume the company is able to sell ad space and presumably make money .
if its audience is largely conservative then its right leaning news coverage is what its audience wants and therefore it is just providing the service that its audience desires in order to be a profitable company .
therefore a underlying premise is that the mm is not biased in a liberal direction but rather is biased in a profit direction .
this bias leads the mm outlets to cater to their existing audience .
if a majority of these outlets have a liberal audience then it would be expected that the organizations employ their agenda setting framing and priming abilities in a liberal direction .
again this is a feature of profit driven companies providing a consumable service to a core audience .
i would likewise expect espn to have a sports bias as sports is what their audience turns in for and therefore sports stories ensure continuing return of that audience and more ad revenue .
so the gop presidential candidates are seemingly unhappy that the outcome of a privately owned profit driven media is not fair .
that the underlying mechanism i have outlined has resulted in a media environment that is more skewed to favoring one party over the other .
but this is the exact same problem that democratic candidates and a large portion of liberals have also complained about .
that privately owned companies with their profit bias has resulted in favoring one party business owners and elites over another party workers .
that this system is not fair because it has resulted in one party being preferred over the other .
in other words the gop candidates are simply pointing out the unfairness that results from a free market capitalist system .
since these candidates are largely the business elites that are used to being the beneficiaries of the free market bias they are not sure how to react when the outcome bias favors someone other then themselves .
for gop candidates and conservatives in general to embrace a free market capitalist system and then chastise a specific industry for following free market principles is simply preposterous .
while the free market system has some amazing benefits when viewed from a macro perspective see the wealth of nations it can also have outcomes that are inherently unfair .
this unfairness can manifest itself in the form of media outlets favoring liberals candidates over conservative ones and it can manifest itself in the form of favoring businesses favoring ceos and management over workers and labor .
democrats seem to be largely calling out the system itself a system that arguably works to their benefits with regards to media coverage .
republicans however are calling out one specific outcome in which they are the losers while simultaneously maintaining their support for the underlying system .
one could attempt to make an argument that the mm has a moral obligation to be fair and unbiased in its reporting .
that all journalists have a moral duty to adhere to standards of unbiased reporting .
while i certainly agree that this would be an ideal i also agree that it would be an ideal if all business adhered to moral duties that transcended profits .
that walmart mcdonalds nike and apple all had moral obligations that they must adhere to even if those obligations ran counter to actual profits .
that they ensured their workers no matter what country they were in were paid a living wage rather than the mere minimum wage .
that they did not externalize the costs of pollution .
that all profits were accurately and honestly reported and taxes paid on every dollar .
that existing laws such as bankruptcy laws were not used simply as tools to leverage losses and that neither ceos nor laborers were treated differently .
but that simply is n't how the free market or capitalism works .
as the gop candidates are seeing firsthand the outcome is often unfair .
with that said i think it is time for democrats to reach out and console their republican counterparts .
they are finally experiencing and acknowledging the frustration of what it 's like to be the losing party in the free market .
that the outcome of capitalism is not fairness and that there are a lot of people out there that agree with the gop candidates that fairness should be a central component of any system .
in other words this is a great opportunity for both parties to agree that being on the losing side in a free market system sucks .
edit made some edits after publishing for spelling grammar and clarification purposes .
looking for a simple addon that can enlrage the red rectangle bar above their head.. sometimes its fcking cluster fuck really hard to play when all i see is bunch of player and enemy bars compact .
any tweaks in video settings that can help me just notice enemy more than parties group members
a month or so ago me and my wife ran across a discounted already cheap pump espresso machine .
it was 30 so we figured if we get 10 lattes/americanos it was worth it .
i got my money out of it the espresso was n't the worst i 've had but far from the best .
shortly after i subbed here and learned of pour overs .
well tonight i really wanted coffee but not espresso '' .
so here i am 10pm boiling water using a napkin as a filter and a slotted ladle object to hold everything .
and sadly it 's at least twice as good as my espresso machine..
im planning to get villager tomorrow at toys 'r ' us but i have no idea if i should camp out or go later after the store opens ?
i thought it did work until i was told that it did n't .
i do n't know how to test this effectively but has anyone tested and confirmed if it did work or not ?
wikia says it does while other sources say it does n't .
if anybody is interested i took my rude boy bruce gif and made it into two videos complete with ska music .
i just put them on twitter to avoid youtube copyright issues with the music .
bloody baron spoilers s when you attack the botchling and bring its blood to the pellar who then asks you to guard him while he speaks to the spiritling .
i counted 6 or 7 specters at once and more continuously spawning all the time .
i was lucky i was overleveled ng because i got hit so many times i am sure i would n't have been able to survive that if i was at a comparable level .
imagine 6 or 7 specters teleporting all around you .
that said this story path is also very well done and i chose it because i had taken the option to lift the curse the last three times . ''
he has not been so successful in auditory information as evident when he once noted he could not remember that new tech girl 's name . ''
he has not been so successful in auditory information as evident when he once noted he could not remember that new tech girl 's name . ''
the gaurds would probably be armed with spermecide super soakers
i 'm a single player with a willingness to listen and good team skills looking to go 9-0 in too .
i 'm running 303 hawksaw 311 black spindle/310 invective and 315 harrowed qullim 's terminus/310 elulim 's frenzy w tracking .
310 gunslinger please invite if you think it 's a potential fit and will be willing to give constructive criticism over rage quitting .
do you guys think that social justice dramas really take up such a dominant percentage of actual reddit drama ?
the wow drama is a really weak excuse to post here .
the only 'drama ' occurs in a post with 7 children ...
my wife is 33 transgender mtf on spironolactone and estradiol and has been dealing with chest pain/pressure on a daily basis for over a month .
she 's also been having night sweats for a couple of months .
she 's experienced pain/numbness in her left arm and left side of her neck and upper back .
for the past month she 's basically been in bed because she feels so weak .
also her pulse jumps from 70 to over 110 from just standing .
she 's also has had a few blood labs taken since march and every time she has high white blood cell count .
she 's also complained about feeling a lightening bolt '' like pain in her chest that lasts for only a few seconds .
oh and sometimes her heart feels like it 's skipping a beat .
she 's been to the er twice this year for chest pain and both times no one took her seriously since she 's young healthy '' looking she 's actually majorly underweight and transgender .
both times the doctors just told her she has gastritis even though they did n't even run any tests .
she 's been to a walk-in clinic her pcp and a cardiologist .
at the cardiology center she had a nuclear stress test she was on the treadmill for only 5 min .
the cardiologist said she saw an artifact '' on the stress test but she 'd be surprised if it was anything '' .
she did n't even bother looking at the echo before the appointment and then while we were waiting to schedule a ct scan she came out and said it looked normal .
she could n't have looked at it for more than a minute .
the doctors around here are awful and i 'm scared that something is seriously wrong with her .
she tells me that she feels like she 's dying .
i want to take her to a good hospital which would be out of state .
we both think she should be inpatient but i 'm worried that since the doctors around here do n't take her seriously then they 'll downplay her symptoms and she wo n't be admitted to the hospital .
when projecting oneself you disappear from your current location and appear in a new location .
when your projection ends you immediately return to your starting location .
you can only project to a place if you can fully see where you 'll end up .
this makes it difficult or dangerous to teleport to certain places for example if you 're trying to project to the top of a cliff you 'd have to project yourself into the air above it since you ca n't see the ground .
depending on how steep the angle was you might be very high up indeed .
note however that line of sight is not required to end the projection and after projecting you can move out of the line of sight of your original position .
momentum relative to the planet is maintained both when projecting and when it 's ended .
you could use projection to safely descend a great distance but you 'd have to do it in rapid bursts fall a short distance project to the ground release the projection and repeat until your real '' position is at ground level .
the combination of points one and two make projection fairly dangerous when on a vehicle .
even if one is able to safely project into another space that 's moving in the same direction and speed when you release you 'll end up in your original physical space .
when you release your projection if anything is now occupying the space you return to everything in the overlapping area combines usually catastrophically .
this makes projection potentially hazardous but can also be used e.g .
by a suicidal assassin to lure a target into a trap and then release the projection killing both of them .
any clothing and other small personal effects are projected along with you .
generally anything bigger than a large weapon or a moderately-sized box ca n't be projected .
it 's not supremely difficult more like singing a song in your head .
however the concentration required can be somewhat distracting in itself and becoming distracted can cause you to release the projection .
this can be used proactively for example as a safety net in battle .
if one projects oneself then when you 're knocked out you 'll be returned to your starting point .
finally one can not project more than once at a time .
if you 're currently projecting you ca n't project again .
a few days ago in .58 my game will just suddenly freeze the screen and i can still move but the screen is stuck .
what do you think could of suddenly caused this to happen ?
my father and i have been at odds for years now and though i thought it had gotten better our relationship is at the point where we can barely have a conversation .
to explain my past my parents immigrated from india and had me soon after coming to the us .
probably because of the culture in their home country beatings were not uncommon and from around 3 or 4 i remember getting spanked though as i grew older they started using things like slippers or what they called a 'khunti ' which is a cooking utensil that looks like a flat metal square attached to a long handle .
many times they would be over things like me not doing math problems correctly or not letting my younger sister play with my legos which was admittedly a shitty thing for me to do and this would often leave me crying with welts on my thighs .
things got a bit worse once i entered middle school however .
beatings were literally every other day and my father would get into a sort of uncontrollable rage where he would n't stop hitting me until i repeatedly screamed that 'i was sorry ' and 'i wo n't do it again . '
around then he stopped limiting the beatings to the lower body and started hitting me anywhere that was exposed and i would curl up and try to block blows with my forearms .
as i grew bigger and stronger few plus sides of puberty he would try to harm me in progressively more painful ways leading to me reflexively flinching and putting up my arms defensively anytime i saw him move in fear of being hit .
this rarely left any scars but it left me traumatized for years .
specifically there are three instances that are burnt in my mind
he was using rubber slippers to smack my arms repeatedly and once i started to deflect/absorb them hard to explain but i basically either smacked his forearm away like parrying in boxing or just used the fleshy part of my forearm to absorb hits he started using a khunti to hit me until i was on the ground .
then i started cowering in a corner so i was harder to hit so out of rage he grabbed one of my sister 's winter boots and started swinging at my stomach .
if you 're wondering why i could 'deflect ' punches but not boots it 's because i was scared i would shatter my fingers if i had missed even one block .
he only stopped when my mother decided to stop watching and physically hold my father back .
again he was using the khunti but instead of hitting with the flat side he started slashing at my legs with the edge which left gaping holes in my pants and slightly bloodied legs where the edge had connected .
he did n't even believe that he was cutting anything and he kept denying that he had used the edge until i showed him the ripped clothing .
iirc this was the last major beating i received from my father 2 years ago .
i hate that i have to write this but as usual he was beating me until i was crawling on the ground and then he followed up by kicking me wherever i was n't blocking .
this had continued for a while until my mom was concerned that i would break something so she tried grabbing my father 's arm .
in his fury he then shoved her away making her hit her head on the corner of a cabinet .
even with her bleeding head she tried to calm my father down and once he stopped hitting she told me to get away from him before he resumed .
afterwards and i feel that he truly meant this he said if i had a knife in my hand i would kill you right now . ''
several weeks after when i confronted him about it he said that he did n't mean it seriously nor did he mean to hurt my mother .
this continued until i finally was taller and stronger than him by a good margin and began to fight back by tightly grabbing his wrists which i feel may have intimidated him into not physically hurting me anymore .
instead from then until now with the most recent example being yesterday night he has hurt me emotionally by saying things ranging from 'the only reason you 're even still here is because you 're we 're related by blood ' to 'you 're a useless shit who will never be anything more than a failure . ''
over the past two years i 've been told that i 'll be thrown out if i do anything stupid and considering that i 'll be turning 18 in a few weeks there 's a good chance that the next time he snaps i 'll be kicked out .
my father lost his job just over a week ago which is very visibly lowering his already low temper and just yesterday we had a massive argument about college which ended up with me deciding to leave home for a few hours .
i am almost certain that what he has done constitutes child abuse but at the same time we depend on him for necessities .
also he has threatened not to cosign any loans for college effectively barring me from going to university i 'll be paying 100 but since i do n't have the money i 'll need to take out loans .
to those doubting if i 'm college-ready i 've exhausted the school district 's curriculum in math science and economics and am currently taking courses at a local community college because the school district is paying for them in place of regular high school courses and to brag a bit last year i took a graduate course in statistics at a different university and got an a .
the question is what do i do from now on ?
i do n't have anyone willing to take me in and i 'm not sure if i 'll be able to stay at home until i graduate next may .
tl dr abusive father do n't know where/how to live or what to do in the near future .
alright everyone i 'm finally taking the plunge and getting a decent 100 folder .
my budget is about 150 tops and i 'd like something that i would n't feel bad using for light tasks/food prep .
i only have a few in mind the spyderco pm2 a boker kwaiken in titanium a benchmade 707 or rift .
however i 'm not really interested in zt 's unless it 's the 0450 or 0808/1 .
edit sorry this is my first posting on the site and it looked bad so i tried to make it more readable ''
but now either i 'm delusional or i 'm experiencing my own mandela effect ...
so about a month ago i started watching a channel called cinema sins .
if you havent ever seen one of their vids they sin '' popular movies typically for very unrealistic things or editing mistakes they miss over etc .
now of course we all remember how big inside out '' was earlier this year .
well being the channel they are by the time i had gotten to the channel a vid for it had already existed .
it was very funny i remember key parts from it like one specific sin he gave the dad for father ignores wife and child cliche '' or something very similar at the dinner table scene .
i also remember him sinning it for making kids believe little emotions are controlling their head and that they arent responsible for their actions .
i even remember the little end card picture he used which is usually a screenshot or something from or related to the movie .
all that shouldnt have been more than 5 or 6 weeks ago .
but now nearly a month or two later i go into the comments on their newest video and people are discussing about the next two movies he 's sinning saying stuff like are we finally getting jurassic world and inside out ? ''
confused i replied to one saying he had already done a vid on it but strangely no other replies seemed to bring up that detail at all .
i knew something was different once i saw another top comment with similar sentiments .
i went back into their upload feed and it 's gone !
i was becoming convinced that the only reason i was even considering mandela effects was because i just finished an amazing time travel game and it 'd be really cool if something like that were happening in real life but now i 'm not sure .
has anyone else seen this video or had a similar experience ?
i have been getting more and more into drifting lately and i am starting to get really good at it so i am looking for a club who are fairly good semi-frequently online and are willing to take me in
djokovic breaks to love early to take the lead .
3.45pm 11-minute service game for murray saving three break points to hold .
andy blasts a forehand into the net to go down a double break .
3.58pm novak comfortably takes the opening set in 42 minutes .
4.06pm murray saves a break point to hold at the start of the second .
djokovic breaks for the third time today closing in on a 4th paris indoors title .
first break point chances for murray at 0-40 he converts the first to bring it back on serve .
4.27pm break point saved by murray to hold he leads 3-2 on serve .
forehand is long from murray on 15-40 and djokovic regains the break at 4-3 .
4.43pm murray holds and now djokovic is serving for the title at 5-4 .
4.48pm novak djokovic is the 2015 bnp paribas masters champion 6-2 6-4
im currently using 2 970s i know that it currently out performs a single 980 ti in most benchmarks that i 've seen but not by much .
i was originally just playing at 1080p but i 've fallen in love with dsr majority of the games i play now are at 4k .
the 970s perform very well keeping me at 40-50 fps in witcher 3 at max settings but i get occasional stutters in certain areas vram limit but the stuttering last only a few seconds .
im gon na add another 980 ti in sli as well but till next year .
i plan on playing all my future games at 4k as well .
sorry this is another trials video and from xbox dvr .
but i wanted to share my scare and my rare golden moment .
best counter to most illusion heroes is earth shaker but are there any carries which are good against them ?
best i can think of is a safelane tiny .
since coming to r/luciddreaming and reading about several techniques and ways to improve dream recall i 've had a few lucid dreams .
last night i even had my first false awakening which helps me understand the importance of rcing all the time and questioning your reality .
for all of my lucid dreams though they are still short lived as i have n't yet mastered grounding myself very well yet they seem to be completely covered in mist .
the best way i can explain it is that i 'm in the fog and everything around me is hazy and not very clear .
all of my dreams which are not lucid are extremely clear and vivid .
to the point that when i write them down and read about them later i can clearly recall the layout of a room and the colors some small details about clothing and even textures or decorative patterns ...
why are only my lucid dreams foggy '' like this ?
what can i do to make them more vivid like my other dreams ?
mainly looking for a reservation of the pc tyranitar d but feel free to offer .
i work for a children 's tv station and as such we have lots of walk around character suits .
as i 'm on the tall side i rarely get to suit up but have started to help as the assistant .
is there any great advice you 've heard or have for this role ?
most of the time it 's intercepting ice cream covered kids telling the performer what 's going on around them when it gets particularly busy and being that extra pair of eyes .
however as the performers are often hired locally to the event we sometimes get an actor that has never performed before in suit and just kind of stands there .
i have everything working batch file iceball.exe d port map path and everything is okay when i play in singleplayer but when i try to make dedicated server set heartbeat '' to on '' and all i get is console full of udp socket used to connect to master service broke horribly '' and i cant see it on the server list ... any more detailed tutorial on how to make working and visible in server list dedicated server ?
what it proves is that there are different levels of fictionality and anime in our world just happens to be at a deeper level than our own .
for example haganai contains a show that kobato watches named iron necromancer or something like that and she being an average 10 year old anime fan is obsessed with it to the point where she pretends to be a character of the show and shit like that .
so iron necromancer is at a fictionality level that we 'll designate as 2 due to the lack of a proper scale or measurement unit and haganai is at level 1 .
what this means is that we are at fictionality level 0 and there is a level 1 fictionality out there or in other words a universe that is literally more real than ours is .
so there exists a reality where people watch a show about this really complicated and detailed universe with loads of characters and worldbuilding and they complain about how there 's some loser character called zowayix '' who sucks .
for a school assignment i have to do research on ancient egyptian religion .
in my home i have a copy of an egyptian hieroglyph on papyrus and i was wondering if you historians could help me identify the image .
i have limited ancient egyptian knowledge and the only thing i can identify is the god horus '' .
could we make a thread to compile all known bug creatures in the game ?
some people like me have a really big phobia of bugs and it 'd be nice to know what we 're dealing with .
ever since the latest patch it seems that i ca n't download the last file .
all i have is 1 file remaining it gets too about 32mb and then just completely stops .
i 've tried both 32bit and 64bit beta and i 've tried running as admin any ideas ?
can you somehow edit players in ml on ps4 ?
seems like every youth player has his shirt tucked in and i pretty much hate it ...
with over 80 levels connet the fruits before time runs out and get the highest score as you go through levels .
i posted in this sub a couple days ago about my second gen heir dying of embarrassment when her boyfriend rejected her marriage proposal .
i started over as i really did n't have another choice to continue that legacy .
i was n't upset about it i mostly just found it funny and inconvenient but it was fine .
i guess i just have really crappy luck trying to complete a legacy challenge .
i restarted and everything so far was going great .
then at the wedding of my new second gen heir both of the groom 's parents simultaneously died of old age .
just as the bride has he groom cheered up enough to go through with things and exchange vows her elderly friend who was chatting with them drops dead of old age too .
looks like nobody is getting married today too many tears .
hahaha it 's okay they eloped at home once they were over it and things are progressing nicely again .
i just think it 's funny that i seem to have terrible luck .
i 've never had anything like this happen in any of my games before i started my legacy families !
i love reading other people 's stories like this .
i know we have posts of this nature regularly but i do n't really get tired of reading them .
anyone want to share their tales of bad luck ?
i 'm the one who plays the highest difficulty ingame emporer and play as ethiopia and play for a cultural/science victory but i sometimes have trouble against human players .
such as one of them always rushes spams frigates which has beaten me two or three times now .
i do n't want to have to completely abandon the coast every game due to the benefits of trading .
also being ethiopia i tend to gain a large religion and generally get a couple of the theology wonders like borbodour and hagia sofia .
however my friends tend to get pissed off when i spread my religion to them regardless of how bad their bonuses are .
is there any way to avoid pissing them off without giving up the religion game entirely ?
i once saw an article that said the best time to initialize and setup a cell was not in fact in cellforrowatindexpath but actually in willdisplaycell .
because i tried it and when i removed the initialization code from cellforrowatindexpath my cell just did n't format anymore .
this is a weekly thread about the weeks atgm launches from all over syria and includes any atgm launch .
users that helped compile videos u/purpleolive u/phil_sayers u/aofb u/mcnuggies u/rebel44cz
common atgms in syria include tow konkurs kornet fagot hj-8 malyutka
if anything is wrong in the above links such as type of launcher target group or location please comment so it can be updated .
if any launches have been missed feel free to include those as well .
no chart included as of now one will be added later
hey guys have a shack with a metal door havnt been there for about 4 days .
try to open and it asks for the password odd but okay but now i have a bbq and 2 storage containers with lots of goodies and it wo n't let me open them .
if not if i demo hammer the shack can i then access the storage and bbq ?
since the update app and website for ebay drafts that i create on the website no longer show up on my mobile device .
i usually create the text portion of the listing on my desktop and finish it adding/editing photos on my ipad because it is quicker .
as stated when i played ranked i made it to gold 5 but then quit for awhile looking to get back into it .
being american i hear a lot of jokes about other countries .
with all of our flaws i 'm assuming there 's comedic gold out there .
i was pretty much raised by my grandma since my mom and dad were not exactly great at the parent thing .
my gran took great care of me she could n't afford a house in the better parts of the city but she did everything for me .
about the same time as i was done with my education and ready to start my own adult life she started show signs of alzheimer 's .
i was devastated and refused to let her go to a nursing home so instead i moved back in with her determent to care for her as she had cared or me for all those years .
i would leave her during my work hours but be home for lunch and in between the lady next door would just check in on her .
her main problem was that she forgot to eat and needed someone to tell her what to do and when to do it .
one day i came home on my lunch break and heard my gran talk to someone in the kitchen .
i rushed into the kitchen and saw a man going through her purse .
when he heard me come in he stopped and turned around a wild look in his eyes .
who the hell are you ? i growled trying to sound intimidating – which is a hard thing to do when you 're petite woman who just encountered a possible burglar .
it 's your cousin danny dear he came for the money you see my gran explained as cheerful as ever .
i do n't know this man. i replied not taking my eyes off him .
i could n't see any weapon on him and he was the lean slim kind maybe he would n't risk fighting me .
for all he knew i could be a martial arts expert .
he came for the money darling he is buying us a new camper ! gran continued and started to tell the old story of how she once took me in a holiday in a camper when i was 6 and how we had had the greatest time .
get out right now i said as calmly as possible to the man who was starting to look rather uncertain about how to deal with the situation .
follow me out and i will give you the cash i got .
but you and i are walking out of here right now .
to my utter surprise he agreed with no further argument and walked out in front of me .
i slammed the door shut the moment he was over the threshold and returned to my gran who was now happily recalling our trip to disney world on my 10th birthday .
i was n't surprised to discover that all her meds were gone and her wedding ring missing from it 's place on a hook in the bathroom .
after this incident i realized that i could n't give my gran the care she needed and deserved on my own and i got her a place in a nursing home close by .
i visited very often and the nurses there all loved her – she really was a wonderful lady even in her later stages .
she sometimes talked about cousin danny and his camper and i played along .
but personally i prefer no further interaction with cousin danny .
hey i absolutely dont like looking for raid because for me it 's breaking the game and the adventure to gear up and get into raids .
whatever you say its not going to change my mind about it .
if you like it i 'm fine with that .
i 'd rather have 5 and 10 man dungeons to farm blues and then get into heroic raids .
or have a 10 man raid like karazhan had in tbc .
is there even anything that could defeat the creeper even .
the creeper is a sentient ooze that attacks things of high entropy
the emitters can not be destroyed by any laws of the known universe
even if the creeper is kept in check the loki always find a way one level literally has creeper leaking out of spacetime !
the first game shows the creeper killing 500 billion people in one day
they also can use digitalis a web thing that conducts creeper and runners things that walk exclusively in digitalis and disable structures
the loki hive which appears in the third game also can not be destroyed with any laws of the universe it also drops emitters the shield is modestly weak going down with simple missiles
so ... what ungodly being could possibly bring this genocidal liquid and the hivemind responsible ?
i only use the term because it illustrates most effectively the purpose of getting this kind of weapon to make hippies cry .
i 've heard a lot of people trash the .223 and say its not effective .
i 've heard about a million i know a guy who was in iraq '' stories .
as such i 've kinda started leaning towards something in .308 .
if the shit hits the fan that 's the environment i 'll be most likely in .
i was looking at the century c308 but it looks a little bit big .
then i saw that ptr makes a pistol version of their hk91 clone .
i 'm liking it but it 's 300 more than the c308 .
no-shave november is a cancer awareness outreach this is not a request for money .
as many of you are aware not too long ago we had a community member u/newhusband receive a terminal diagnosis .
his last request was that he not be forgotten so it seems appropriate to two-fold dedicate this challenge to him .
i do not know for certain if he has passed at the end of september he was told he had approximately 4 weeks remaining and his last reddit activity was 10 days ago .
while sad to think he may be gone we must remember to be thankful that at that 10 day mark he was beyond 4 weeks .
update thanks to u/lurkymclurkergwa for catching on a more recent ping by u/newhusband and u/newhusband himself for stopping by to say hello !
create a sexy audio or script that involves scruffy or bearded faces trimmed but not bare or wild and untamed mons venus .
heck if you want to make it about unshaved legs underarms chests or backs that 's fine too .
let it grow let it grow let it grow !
fine print no-shave.org https www.no-shave.org is the home of this cancer awareness initiative .
i provide this link in case you 're curious about their work but i am not asking you to go their site participate in their programs or give them your money .
edit accidentally saved my work before i finished writing it .
this has probably been asked before but i might just be blind not to spot any subs mentioning it or anything on google .
has cho'gall graymane and lunara got any dates for release ?
use this thread to discuss your chapter progress of the game .
kyle mentioned that he almost tried to kill himself in the last episode and he said that he told that story a bunch of times but i have n't heard it .
hey i am learning spanish and speak english natively .
is there anyone who is a native spanish speaker that would be interested in emailing back and forth as pen pals ?
it would most likely be dumb conversations like talking about how many brothers and sisters we have and what activities we like to do but i could really use the help and i dont want to do the video chatting everyone recommends quite yet
does anyone know where i should look for flights that either a allow return flight booking past currently october 2016 or b open return or 'free changes ' flights so that i can eventually book a return flight in march 2017 ?
i 'll be departing in march 2016 for one year .
hello i 'm 25 years old and i started studying music seriously when i was 20 .
i 'm just finishing up an undergraduate degree in classical percussion but it 's not really my passion .
i want to join one of the military bands to pay off my student loans also because it is my dream job do n't judge .
to get closer to my goal i 'm considering a graduate degree in jazz studies because my goal since starting has always been to play drum set however i 'm starting to feel that my age might inhibit me from progressing further .
in my experience with my classical degree it took me forever to develop a real practicing mind and then even though i worked hard hard enough to earn a merit scholarship i am still very far behind my peers .
i love jazz my favorite drummers are ralph peterson jr. kenny washington max roach and philly joe but i can not play like any of them .
i go to open mics in chicago and i learned a lot enough to hang but i still feel light years behind most people in terms of vocabulary and someways technique .
anyway could my age prevent me from really learning jazz ?
my favorite so far has to be aquarium it 's not too small and not too big it has three lanes two large water sections and there 's something about the maps aestetics that i love !
first i have to say that to my ears there are few rock vocalists that can hold a candle to david coverdale .
even if still of the night is the only song you 've ever heard coverdale sing you have to admit that he 's a bad-ass .
the wailing at the end of that song should cause robert plant bruce dikinson ian gillan and rob halford to throw up their hands say yeah ok. you got me dave.
he 's more than the sum of his hair-band days though .
if you dig deep enough into the whitesnake library they were mostly a blues band .
jimmy page did an album of blues with him for crying out loud .
but back to whitesnake as a whole – which was really a coverdale solo project with a revolving door of band members .
look at the people that have been in fucking whitesnake
if you do n't know at least one of those people you 're in the wrong sub .
if you do n't know two of them then all you need realize is that all of the men listed above are fucking brilliant musicians .
no ... the whitesnake albums do n't rival zappa .
but david coverdale knew that he needed to surround himself with brilliant musicians like steve vai formerly of zappa 's band .
i 'm pretty impressed the more i hear and the more i read about them .
edit i had to step away from reddit for a bit due to work life gasp after posting this .
i 'd like to thank all of you for a spirited entertaining and damn insightful conversation .
while this topic was downvoted to zero in this sub damn hipsters !
hey i 'm one of 'em too ... so take no offense when i say that ... i 'm glad we were able to veer away from the usual standard too cool for the room chat .
i have thoroughly enjoyed debating whitesnake with you my friends !
literally every class had something related mentioned about them in blizzcon .
and although the commitment to change is brought up in multiple aspects of the game i ca n't help but feel left out as a shaman main to have very little info said regarding to upcoming changes in the class .
the only thing i learned is the restoration and elemental artifact weapons .
no mention of fufilling our class fantasy of being a class capable of calling upon the elements ancestors or totems .
this post was a blast the other day so i figured i would try again because why not thats what the sub is here for right .
i am looking for a girl that will share the details of her day with me .
whats she wearing what her panties look like when she has sex or touches herself how her day went .
just lets me into the intimate parts of her life .
i have always been curious about other ladies and everything about them .
so of you want to share something tonight or everyday let me know .
i will share whatever you would like to know as well .
also since i have done this a bit ... if you amd i talked and it did not workout or whatever hit me back and we can catch up .
i am emma i am 24 5'4 '' 124lbs .
full c cups dirty blond hair and i think a nice ass
sorry if i am posting this prompt too much i have met so many awesome people its hard to stop the fun !
combining zhonya 's hourglass morello 's deathcap 330 gold would allow mages to open an item slot for rylai 's wota spirit visage ga nashor 's just items they want to get so badly against certain team comps but are n't able to build because zhonya 's and morello 's are so core and have separate item slots .
on our private pvpve server where yesterday we had dozens of mate-bonded pairs of dinos now seems to only have male dinos .
all of our dozens of females are apparently now identifying as male and i would n't normally have a problem with someone getting in touch with their real gender identity except now that none of them are mate-bonded or producing eggs .
can someone explain to me why emby buffers local media ?
the emby server is on the same machine as kodi running the emby add-on .
my media files are attached by cable to an external hdd .
sometimes i still get buffering issues for whatever reason .
can someone explain this me or how to fix it ?
have been considering getting this for the past 5 years .
only tattoo i 've been 100 on board with for all this time .
i 'm really impressed with how well proportioned it is .
only a few very minor mistakes that are n't visible from this scale .
would have liked it on a hand obviously but you know ... ..work and stuff .
i was thinking of also getting the gate rune on the other pec or possibly below this one .
that way i can have what windy aspired for for the entirety of s1 .
i also wanted to get the black conqueror rune on an arm but ca n't find a single picture of it .
if i had played beyond s2 i 'd say the rune of punishment looks incredibly badass and would compliment this nicely .
hi reddit just wondering how does someone says how 's your day ? ''
or how do we small talk '' in bahasa in a non-creepy way of course because a lot of times i see people kind of back themselves out a little bit when some strangers approach them to make a small talk .
can you guys give me an example for a small talk for example when i 'm queuing or when i 'm at a coffee shop .
it 's a goal of mine to hi to strangers everyday d
i know this specific question has to do with list slicing and possibly for loops but i do not know what to do with the there and how to move the first and last name around .
how do i turn 'doe john ' to 'john doe ' ?
i killed 2 boss monsters called a warped gulega and a hope devourer in daemonheim .
299 warlock 304 hunter and 295 titan looking for sherpa and/or group .
2 of us have finished it one time would like experienced group to help friend .
totally new to homebrewing want to get my first equipment and i 've been eyeing the deluxe starters kit .
is it worth it to take the leap now ?
or should i wait it out to see if there will be bigger discounts for this month 's shopping frenzy holiday ?
also did n't realize how much shipping would be o_o oh well got ta pay it if i got ta pay it .
but i want ssg so here you go random stranger 1084070052
he has a reign for 2 months or so and then roman reigns turns heel joins the authority and cheats his way into winning the championship without being ambrose clean .
during the build to ambrose ' rematch seth rollins comes back and claims he deserves a rematch too since he was never pinned .
for someone who is currently a high net worth registered rep at a major broker and is studying for the cfp ?
there 's an option to reset quests but it wo n't let me ?
my 2001 pontiac firebird seems to have a fried ecu .
does anyone know how i should go about testing it and replacing it .
the cpu will call a timeout then on the next possession my team will call a timeout as well .
i understand the purpose behind it stopping opponents hot streak and such but what 's the need for a back to back timeout ?
https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=d8gvjra w ca n't think of the song name .
every time i hear this song i always think it 's the different one !
so i have this world where magic is a known thing that is exists some cultures have magic traditions handed down in them and it 's somewhat studied .
most know it exists and its been proven to and denying it completely would look pretty ridiculous though certain branches and types are hotly debated to work/be dependable
it 's somewhat controversial with some groups believing it 's morally wrong for religious or other reasons .
i 'm trying to think of other reasons why people might find it a negative thing without religious reasons ?
maybe people might find people who do it to be freaks and weirdos for ... whatever reasons ?
any ideas on various reasons and rationales for why people might look down on it ?
i suppose 'witch ' could be consider something of a slur '' used for them .
edit i apologize if i may take a while to get to some responses .
it just means the comment gave me a lot to think about .
main priority is getting bounties done but going flawless would be cool .
i like star wars as a piece of popcorn entertainment but the entire logic behind the setting is fucking stupid .
and yes it 's a fictional setting with technology and space magic but that does n't mean i can fully suspend my disbelief which is hard because the universe is so stupid .
why do they feel so underpopulated in all their depictions ?
it seems like every planet is just a one biome one city impoverished island .
what about the other planets in the system or moons ?
if you 're as advanced as they are in star wars should n't technology make everyone live comfortably like in star trek ?
anytime you run into the empire you can just jump to hyperspace .
it 's the deus ex machina of the star wars universe .
they seem to miss or they never kill anyone or if they do kill someone its off screen .
a ship will get hit anywhere by a laser and then explode unless its the good guys and then it just knocks them around like they 're getting gently pushed .
why the fuck is the entire setting so black and white ?
it could be awesome a huge universe full of lore space magic knights with swords of light huge battles in space galactic politics worldbuilding just so much could be done in the setting but instead they just pull things out of their ass as they become convenient .
sure lets just invent one we do n't need to try hard just pick a biome and set a generic poor city on it .
pull out some tracker that they never used in any of the other episodes movies or expanded universe in the time when it would have been helpful .
you have a light saber but people do n't get cut in half .
people are shooting lasers all around but no one gets a hole in their chest unless they 're a droid .
i 've stopped cutting a year ago and that 's when i noticed my trich .
i 'm pretty sure i 've had it for a long time i feel so much tension to pull my hair .
than after i pull it it 's a sense of relief and than guilt .
than i 'll rub it against my lips gross i know
i 'm glad to hear i 'm not the only one .
my room mate is noticing the hair all over the dorm floor and i have n't told anyone .
i 've been diagnosed with depression and anxiety but i stopped seeing my therapist a year ago so i have n't been actually diagnosed with trich .
i naturally have thick hair luckily so it 's not physically noticeable but my mother has noticed my hair thinning .
the top of my head is sore as well and i have to find the right '' hair before i pluck it off at the root .
should i see a doctor first or a therapist/psychiatrist ?
it 's getting in the way of school and i feel like i 'm losing control of it since it 's getting worse .
i 'm also 18 and i 'd really rather that my parents never find out .
it mainly happens when i 'm doing a compile for sources ' hammer but it also happens whenever cpu usage goes into the high 95-100 range .
it 's starting to both worry me and annoy me when it drones on for hours doing a major compile .
it 's on win10 but happened back on win7 too .
i 've been looking all day for that stag all day to complete draggie 's request no luck so far .
i already took the advice given to me and i still ca n't find it .
as i 've been playing the beta i noticed that there seem to be a shitload of great defensive talent in the netherlands are they really having a golden generation at the moment or are players from netherlands getting favorable ratings ?
just to mention a few there 's jairo riedewald sven van beek riechedly bazoer kenny tete hidde ter averst and jetro willems all of them pretty cheap and capable of starting/subbing in most pl teams and around 19-21 years old.. absolute bargains but can there really be that many good defenders there ?
there are even more than those i 've mentioned that 's very capable..
i 'm a straight guy who likes to play with penises make what you will out of that and here 's what i 'm looking for ...
i want to give a regular guy a blowjob .
if you 're gay that 's cool but then you have to stick with just the blowjob .
if you ca n't get hard or reach orgasm then i wish you all the best right now but let 's play some other time .
i need you to be clean and disease-free of course .
i have never had any std and i take good care of myself .
it would be great if you are on the younger side under 40 years old because i 'm in my 30 's .
i 'll come to your place ... discretely of course ... and give you a blowjob and be on my way .
how did you meet/make friends here and other furry places ?
and if possible please offer advice for someone else to make furry friends/non furry friends online .
i 'm asking because i 'm tired of only talking to my cats or legal guardian .
note please do not suggest going to cons or meet ups .
just want to take this a step at a time .
also my current living situation does n't allow for travel far away or even a mile away .
cons and meet-ups in my state do n't usually happen and if they do they are all the way on the other side of the state .
so again please do n't suggest cons or meet ups online only for now .
1 my current jacket is warm and waterproof but i do n't love it .
it 's fun to spend money on that shit .
3 i might not get these items at work next week .
it would cost me a couple hundred dollars but the insurance is huge .
that couple hundred bucks could make me much more if the usb to ethernet adapters do n't show up .
this friend kept inviting me to this show friday night to check out with her boyfriend .
i told her i 'd go to the gallery .
she ends up bailing on gallery as i was getting dressed for it .
she then asks if i wanted to get together saturday .
maybe in the afternoon to check out a market .
i ended up having appts and other stuff to do but as i said i would i called her to confirm and make plans .
turns out she was hiking outside the city with her boyfriend .
i had suggested alternatively going out with my friend anna and i saturday night .
i told her about 2 events we might check out .
hours later she responds sending me pics of her hiking trip .
she then says she may meet us at event 1 she 'll let me know .
i then ask her a couple hrs later if she 's joining us that we 're actually only doing event 2 .
she responds she 's already at event 1 with some girlfriends .
only at like 600ish weight out of a couple thousand or so .
but ca n't put anymore on them as it appears to only have so many slots '' like a box or something would .
i was just so into the ufo video comment section that 's on r/all right now .
so i think we need a meta comment thread to discuss the original comment thread with others .
ok trying to make this short and sweet guys .
back in april i was charged with a class c felony deadly conduct by discharge of firearm and just last month i recieved 2-1/2 years of probation ... it 's my first charge so they claimed to be going easy '' on me well i had already emptied my bank account on a lawyer for 5,000 and am now being mandated to pay an additional 4,000 for legal fees in monthly payments of 450 .
my truck payment each month is 420 insurance is 140 rent is 425 my half anyways i spend roughly 120 a month in gas and perhaps an additional 200 a month on food and such being a truck driver my schedule is unpredictable to say the least so i ca n't always bring enough food to last an entire work shift anyways these numbers all add up to 1,755 a month while i bring in roughly 2,100 a month !
but with winter coming we may be slowing down at work seeing as i deliver roofing shingles on an 18 wheeler..and i still need to change my oil spark plugs oil filter tires x2 and get my vehicle regestration updated !
this will be an additional 182 my savings i spent years building has since vanished and i am barely above water ... need some good tips on building my savings back to where it once was i know it will take a long time but i just need some good solid advice on how to get back on the right track ... help me reddit !
i can hardly sleep anymore i 'm so worried !
played for 2 days to gather 60 crypteks keys opened the 30 cryp supply drop 3 commons opened again guess what ?
make the chances of getting a common thing in 30 crypt supply drop lowered from 99 to 25
since you 're saying people are not fully mature until 25 .
why can people be sentenced to life in prison before that age able to smoke have sex and vote ?
i always ask the same question on these punishment vs maturity issues we have with age of consent drugs etc .
they just throw their hands up in the air and go 18/21 is good enough even though you blew my argument the fuck out on why that 's the number ''
if it 's an actual issue then we can handle it .
but i think it should be handled by balance changes not rule changes .
mine from a few days ago had brown construction paper as packaging !
well i 've found that when i was nm people had a lack of game sense i.e people would just do stupid shit and then complain when it would n't work .
getting to mg1-mg2 was pretty easy the ranks to me anyway felt the same .
when i hit mge there was a slight improvement of skill but obviously you can still get people who play poorly at all levels of the game .
i 've found that there is a slight difference between dmg and mge but an even wider gap between dmg and le .
overall mg-dmg is a slight but noticeable skill difference .
people need to stop demanding what other people should or should n't do .
i 'm preordering a game because i want to play it when it comes out .
i do n't want to have to wait a week or more .
people are entitled to their own opinions but please do n't ram it down other peoples throats .
it would allow you to get 2 procs off in the same time almost .
within 3 seconds you will have 2 maybe more procs depending on if pd is tanking .
personally i would n't trust that website considering she has a 2 second cool down on her proc .
it would n't make sense for her to be able to double proc .
the built in revite is the same as external revite as far as i see .
dude i 'm drunk as hell and i think this is funny as hell !
i 'm not a doctor but i played one on tv .
i 've seen a few vegetarian pho places and i know its not traditional but its nice even with veggie broth .
yes you are right i should extend my analogy a little .
let us also say that the husband has claimed that the wifes weight gain is being caused by a binge eating disorder .
the husband was happy when his wife was underweight and now that she has gained weight and reached a healthy weight he surmises that she must be mentally unwell .
further he seeks out support for this diagnosis from anonymous laymen on the internet .
these anonymous individuals are happy to confirm the diagnosis based on limited and biased reporting of the symptoms .
alligator i do n't care how close to chicken it tastes like its just the last thing i would think to eat .
i really think that 's completely irrelevant hotform proved he was good before that .
the deterrence fleet can go head to head with the culture .
though if we take the commonwealth saga universe as a whole ...
have i in any way indicated this is a personal slight to me ?
if you ca n't have any professional detachment from your work you might just have some issues .
i 'm not familiar with that model but it looks like you are missing something in your condensor .
maybe you 're also using a 50 mm for enlarging a medium format negative ?
surprise me but tell me the bad guy wins in the end .
arm was useless so they used bits of it too stick to his chest and plug the hole .
now he has only one arm but no hole in his chest and is alive .
its stinger looks fat and long similar to a dragonfly .
i 'm not sure i even want to know at this point .
if you 're interested in as to how much of this is truth a minute fraction as in trotzky did write some stuff referencing racism and how much of it is bullshit basically everything here is a nice summary lifted from this blog entry http histomatist.blogspot.de/2013/07/debunking-fascist-myths-94-leon-trotsky.html
this is a very popular myth with neo-nazis and other white nationalists who especially enjoy pointing out that trotsky was born into a jewish family .
according to them a judeo-communist conspiracy is trying to destroy western civilization and the white race etc etc etc and invented that word to silence people ... yawn .
funny that nick griffin should use a staple argument used by anti-semites is n't it ?
it can be found all over the internet and griffin was obviously defending his right to be racist by the looks of things .
his argument which is the general one is that the concept of racism was invented by a communist to stifle opposition and freedom of speech .
there are two alleged sources the first one is ‘what is national socialism ?
the theory of race specially created it seems for some pretentious self-educated individual seeking a universal key to all the secrets of life appears particularly melancholy in the light of the history of ideas .
in order to create the religion of pure german blood hitler was obliged to borrow at second hand the ideas of racism from a frenchman count gobineau a diplomat and a literary dilettante .
hitler found the political methodology ready-made in italy where mussolini had borrowed largely from the marxist theory of the class struggle .
marxism itself is the fruit of union among german philosophy french history and british economics .
to investigate retrospectively the genealogy of ideas even those most reactionary and muddleheaded is to leave not a trace of racism standing.
on the plane of politics racism is a vapid and bombastic variety of chauvinism in alliance with phrenology .
as the ruined nobility sought solace in the gentility of its blood so the pauperized petty bourgeoisie befuddles itself with fairy tales concerning the special superiorities of its race .
worthy of attention is the fact that the leaders of national socialism are not native germans but interlopers from austria like hitler himself from the former baltic provinces of the czar 's empire like rosenberg and from colonial countries like hess who is hitler 's present alternate for the party leadership .
a barbarous din of nationalisms on the frontiers of civilization was required in order to instill into its ‘leaders ' those ideas which later found response in the hearts of the most barbarous classes in germany.
in the sphere of modern economy international in its ties and anonymous in its methods the principle of race seems unearthed from a medieval graveyard .
the nazis set out with concessions beforehand the purity of race which must be certified in the kingdom of the spirit by a passport must be demonstrated in the sphere of economy chiefly by efficiency .
through the back door racism returns to economic liberalism freed from political liberties.
the second reference is from the history of the russian revolution written in 1930 and translated and published in 1932 .
in here the word ‘racism ' does not appear but ‘racist ' does .
slavophilism the messianism of backwardness has based its philosophy upon the assumption that the russian people and their church are democratic through and through whereas official russia is a german bureaucracy imposed upon them by peter the great .
mark remarked upon this theme ‘in the same way the teutonic jackasses blamed the despotism of frederick the second upon the french as though backward slaves were not always in need of civilised slaves to train them . '
this brief comment completely finishes off not only the old philosophy of the slavophiles but also the latest revelations of the ‘racists'.
so what did trotsky mean by racism and racist ?
in order to create the religion of pure german blood hitler was obliged to borrow at second hand the ideas of from a frenchman count gobineau .
arthur de gobineau 1816 – 1882 wrote a book entitled an essay on the inequality of the human races in which he proposes that the ‘white race ' is superior and that the aryan branch of it in northern europe was the ‘master race ' .
i bet you thought the nazis invented all that did n't you ?
anyway so trotsky said hitler created a ideology based on a pure german race and nicked ideas from gobineau ... err well he did !
trotsky said the nazis were practising an ideology based on race which goes without saying is true .
he was not trying to stop the nazis talking about certain issues he was criticising the concept of their race-based ideology .
so if griffin disagrees with trotsky presumably he believes the nazis did n't have a racial ideology or trotsky was wrong to even mention it .
in the second quotation trotsky says the slavophiles believe russians to be inherently democratic an idea that he rubbishes .
he says that also finishes off the claims of the racists .
but again he is attacking the idea of racial differences not accusing the slavophiles of saying racist things .
in both cases trotsky is commenting on an existing ideology of racial superiority/difference so he therefore did not invent the concept of racism .
no more than the person who invented the word ‘cat ' was the inventor of cats !
roll for the galaxy since direct player interaction is very low the only thing the dummy player does is roll a die to determine which phase it activates .
i guess you could even play it single player and try to beat your highscore or something just by using dummy 2 dice
i 'm sad now maybe wolter or walt would work ?
that 's the name i want to use for the female character .
i do n't know but hell i do n't want that they shut down the store there are so many great games specially the classics of psx and ps2 that kind of retrocompability is one of the strongest points i love my ps3 .
just because you and your buddy do it all the time does n't justify you cutting in front of the car .
most people that filter traffic when i 'm in my car never cut in front of me they just stay to the side when stopped at a light .
imo i think you could have avoided the situation if you just stayed to the side of the car .
obviously she is distracted and she probably thought it was green since you cut in front of her .
i would n't have done that because i would think something like that could happen .
i just watched it again and you even went in front of her in front of the stop here line .
you could have totally avoided that if you had the mindset that everyone drives like and idiot .
i hated searching for jewels where i would be happy with crit chance life resistance crit multi phys damage now damage projectile damage ... any 3-4 combinations of those would satiate but it was impossible to find them !
nice to see someone that recognizes trauma so quickly and deals with it so eloquently .
it 'll pop up on youtube one the owners of such a clip realizes they should have sold it straight away not pounder on how much or whom to sell it to .
i 'm 99.3 sure it was caught on better cameras and at least one dash cam !
i have been reading some interesting shit in the depths of reddit .
i would enjoy a reading as well ! ! !
for many reasons and i think it would just be fascinating ! ! !
i am an empath myself but i try to ignore it for a few personal reasons .
tell me who to trust and what to believe .
give them a taste of their own medicine i say .
going to echo other comments and say you do n't need intelligence that high .
keeping the general idea of your build if you 're going solo i would do this http www.nukahub.com/tools/special ? s=8 p=1 e=8 c=3 i=1 a=1 l=6 .
if not going solo maybe something like this http www.nukahub.com/tools/special ? s=8 p=3 e=8 c=1 i=1 a=1 l=6 so you can get lockpicking early on .
luck will allow you to get idiot savant which is a big experience boost instead of having to invest in intellect and synergies better with melee than intellect .
i bet that is a real good reason cueto chooses anybody but the red sox ... lol
i agree with you about defiance but those other shows are actually pretty good .
they 're probably the best space sci-fi shows the channel has had in years
at least the latest round of grindr bots are considerate enough to put that in their height so we know right away they are a bot and not to waste our time !
i heard it 's just as cringe-worth as watamote .
it 's about a lazy high school girl that lazes around all day plays video games complains to her brother .
we had to give up splitscreen to play 60 fps in this shit
if you 're holding the boxes then who 's taking the picture !
i think you have a g-g-g-ghost in your house .
am i the only one who does n't recline their seats so everyone has a comfortable amount of space ?
1 indexes start at 0 not 1 so you are never getting the first value of your array
2 never use non var typed variables in for loops the variable will actually get injected into your object and stick around and it can cause some oddities later on in development
3 dividing by 8 then multiplying by 8 like you are doing is going to do nothing other than give you the rounded down value of mouse_x and mouse_y
4 it 's bad practice to hard code values in for loops that involve searching an array ... instead change it to
5 what you are doing is not a collision check at all so if you want to actually do a collision check it 'd be a hell of a lot easier to do this
also this method does n't require you to use a for loop
6 if this is n't in a draw event it 's not going to work correctly since the first thing that happens in the draw event is the application surface is cleared
i 'm rich and my skin in currently wreckkkd .
i had no acne in my teens and very little until i was 23ish ?
first it was just some zits from my skin changing and me switching from yasmine to mirena and now at 25 it 's kinda cystic .
after many failed rounds of various antibiotics and skin creams/ointments i 'm on accutane .
i 've bought pricey creams done laser light therapy had countless facials peels and the lightest level of microdermabrasion an aesthetician would allow .
although i currently look like a zombie i 'm very dry flakey and cracking with sores i can see the difference going .
after my first month of introductory half-doses my face purged within the first three weeks horribly and cleared up a lot .
i no longer have or get any blackheads or sfs around my nose because my pores have shrunk .
unfortunately i just started month three now and my second month of full dose .
my face and body have recoiled into spewing all the deep cystic stuff the docs were never able to get out .
basically and bear with me if this is too long if you start accutane you will go from greasy to dry .
your pores will change because your oil glands will change .
and although i look like shit right now and my skin is thirstier than old dudes in 18 clubs i think it was worth it for me .
tl dr want to be dyr no sfs pores tighter than a frog 's butthole and purging deep cysts ?
it 's really interesting seeing how the main characters come up with a winning strategy .
the male main character is somewhat what you described .
the assumption with which faa certifies a plane is that during a complete lack of electrical power somehow a part of the systems can be restored to work even if the power goes out say by using a rat mechanism in b787 during complete electrical breakdown .
but if every electronic circuit in the plane is fried and even if an alternate redundant power source provides power the electric motors which are used in place of a hydraulic system in b787 can not be controlled because the electronics are fried .
the faa does not consider it probable that every electronic circuit in the plane would cease to work at the same time as is the case in a hypothetical massive solar flare .
then put your head in your palm and sigh as you note sc2 has actually gone backwards rather than forwards for ingame storytelling .
here 's a venn diagram of americans and people who think america is the land of the free https upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/a/a0/circle_-_black_simple.svg/2000px-circle_-_black_simple.svg.png
yeah because they would definitely make an announcement before nuking us .
the u.s defense system is very sophisticated and could easily identify a nuclear attack .
in response to this threat the government usually issues warnings .
i 'm not hating on it i 'm just saying that it 's no smarter than any other run-of-the-mill sitcom .
but go ahead and get all defensive i do n't care .
i 'm sorry for your bad fractal drops but higher chance for fractal weapons would devalue it .
which what we see now since we can get any skin for just 20 daily tokens .
golden fractal weapons is a new shiny we can work toward and with your mental set you would be bored once you get all of them .
every time i browse for an anime mouspad on amazon i always end up with variations of this clogging up the search .
it was funny at first but now it 's just annoying ...
could someone explain why they 'd see streaks of light from sky to ground ?
i am aware that the qav and the zmr are h style and you are right i think people mistake those frames for x because of their layout it is also just that few people answered the 'perfect frame ' question so results were compiled to look like the zmr was an x style .
actually i have 2 games to platinum nfs ac .
that time of year where everything is gorgeous for two weeks only to be followed by 5 months of complete torture .
you 're not paying for wins in the past you 're paying for the ones in the future .
you can choose to put your point in special inseatd of a perk yes it was confirmed since bethesda 's character system article .
correction the closed alpha starts in march we probably wo n't see the tools released until very near the end/post bo3 .
stellarium is super cool although it keeps crashing on me similar to a mobile app i just point at the sky which is useless once i 'm home haha .
about exposures what would you recommend for the d750 with a 20mm 2.8 or a 50mm 1.4 ?
all of the guides i can find are all over the place 10 exposures 100 exposures some do n't mention how many dark/bias/flats .
i 'm actually not even sure my flats are correct or what a dark flat is i put a white tshirt over the lens but it 's still an entirely black image .
i 'm super excited now and i just really want another clear night to get out there again !
most people vote with their main concern being for the economy to keep going up .
they do n't think or care that they and or their kids are going full speed in that direction .
a lesser economy and a lesser amount of people brings a myriad of advantages cheaper housing less traffic less competition for jobs less taxpayer funds needed to provide the extra infrastructure like roads schools and hospitals required .
that taxpayer money could be spent on something good .
but instead people pay to get fucked in the ass .
it 's like some sort of sick reverse prostitution .
seeing as monty oum was an anime fan i think we should call weiss a tsundere hot or cold character .
far from being spoiled her dialogue hints at a cold or abusive father .
blake 's not a criminal but a freedom fighter .
fighting for your rights is itself a right not a crime .
yang 's style is more bar-brawler than asian martial arts .
that can be seen pretty well in her trailer when she fights the twins .
yes i mean the experimental version is working perfetly on 0.22 for me but i dont know why not working on 0.21
salty bitter must be your favorite flavor of ice cream
can someone point me at an ink or pen store in krakow ?
there was a surface ama a while back that answered this .
but i believe 4.5 years recharging five days a week .
i posted a link a week ago as well .
to be honest the flesh is one of the easiest boss along with the pounder when you build a team around it and the rng was obviously with him .
but the strat was really good considering he had no dot and the fact that he explained it was nice .
i 've never tried to play an hellion in 3rd row sounds fun .
also i really want to see a speedrun now to see how fast people can go with good strat good rng and no explaining break .
dude i think your hair looks very awesome without styling it .
if you realy want to make that haircut you have no other option to just buy a straightener.. i have no other idea dude..
i am now moving to the jdu office to sell my firecrackers said raushan 16
they give you pressure sensitivity in apps that were n't written to support the new pen apis like photoshop .
did you do the cool not look at explosion behind you walk ?
identification expires so the elderly and handicapped frequently have expired identification .
many agencies reject expired identification even though there 's no reason it can not be used to authenticate identity .
if they change their id then they can not vote at their home residence if they are home during the election .
if they do n't change their id then they ca n't vote at their college residence .
elderly and handicapped because they often can not drive or are dependent on someone else 's availability to drive them .
college students in rural universities without cars also have difficulty getting around .
we as a nation are often sensitive to hurdles to voting due to our history with jim crow laws which denied african americans and asian americans the right to vote even when they were legally allowed to vote .
photo id regulations are a modern day reincarnation of jim crow laws .
the photo id requirement for voting in usa is solving a non-problem .
there is very little voter fraud but there 's a ton of election fraud and voter suppression which go unaddressed .
the reason there 's very little voter fraud is because one would need to know several pieces of information to cast a vote for someone else name date of birth registration number and voting district .
you would also have to show up at the correct voting booth in the voter 's district .
go out of district then it wo n't work .
these are hurdles to vote fraud but not hurdles to legitimate voting .
sure one may be able to commit vote fraud on a handful of individuals but that would not be enough to sway an election .
it would be taking considerable risk of being caught committing several felonies for virtually no gain .
this is why vote fraud is non-existent in usa because it simply does not work on a scale large enough to impact an election .
intimidating voters suppressing voters inconveniencing voters and throwing hurdles in the path of voters and that is what a photo id requirement does .
i do n't think anything can be done unless jagex has something up their sleeve from splashing
it 's reasons why this why i think the timer should be taken off of teleporting as it at least has a counter in teleblock unlike boxing it 'd also give players a false sense of security and lower the boxing/xlogging problem and would let escaping a team or pker be possible and skillful .
i really enjoy good pking escapes but i think it should be as skillful as pking somebody else and i do n't think the two are balanced at all right now .
i also think it 'd give dmm a buffer for lower levels to get established until they get to higher levels where teleblock is a reality .
i 'm not a pker and this idea got executed already by the guys in the new tab .
i 'm just saying that maybe the solution is n't necessarily fixing boxing/xlogging
because i think boxing a npc is a legitimate way to escape
no one had any reason not to trust the us government investigators .
i find it hard to believe insurance companies with billions on the line and employing armies of investigators would n't give due consideration for whether any aspects of a purported conspiracy were pertinent to the terms of its policies .
if there were evidence of a conspiracy or any reason to believe the government report was wrong the insurance company 's legal actions need n't amount to claims that indict any entity in particular they just need to point to where certain facts support a different conclusion about the payouts .
and on the face of it the insurance companies did have a billions at stake in the veracity of the official narrative because there were multiple huge legal battles http www.kennedyslaw.com/casereview/worldtradecenterattacks over whether two planes flying into the two wtc towers amounts to one '' or two '' terrorist events .
an alternate conspiracy scenario would present a competing narrative to the benefit of one side or another about the unity or separateness of the attacks .
if there 's billions on the line how proportionally worried are you going to be about the conspirators targeting you for publicly exposing them ?
the two are very different so do n't expect another buddy fantasy novel .
nos4a2 is modern horror with a lot of emotional depth .
sometimes people say things like they 'll post a review after testing or find the ingredient list well meaning !
looks like a great service tempted by the uk package .
may i ask what you found helpful to get 5 years ?
i always like to try and get tips from people with kickass sobriety .
but you still treat your girl like a princess or queen .
does n't mean you are doing all the work .
i want to be the first one they think of for anything and everything because that 's how i am .
also i am not like all those guys where they treat the girl like shit .
you treat people with respect to earn respect and that goes for a relationship too .
it 's honestly ridiculous to think that i would want to do all the work and everything for the relationship .
you put the girl first for everything just like she would for you whether it 's for pleasure or emotional .
you ca n't tell me that i 'm wrong on this .
that 's how it works for me and if you do n't like that then do n't bother
they do n't want people who might get sick of the game to get sick before they pay money .
there 's no story mode so access to the beta is the entirety of the final product minus some maps gameplay-wise they still have progression and cosmetics though .
servers might not be up now but blizzard has seen more major launches than any other company for multiplayer products they probably could do it faster and better than anyone bar maybe valve .
this is a hard one like how much of my butter on the pan should i count .
i do n't know if there is a rule on how to count this but for me it depends on if i 'm trying to lose weight or gain weight .
if you are trying to lose weight i would try to guess a percentage that overestimated the number of calories and if you are trying to gain weight then just pick a percentage that you think slightly underestimates the amount of calories .
that 's the best answer i can give you .
you may have to do a little experiment at home and after marinating see how much sauce is left and calculate the calories in the sauce that is absorbed .
even if you do install it with xcode it would do nothing .
ge now amd is a force to be reckoned with .
is the time finally over when amd is no longer considered the shitter card ?
if you do lots of multiplayer than star wars if not then fallout .
he takes her tongue between his lips gently pulling her closer as he sucks on it
i agree with you about rare chests having 5 items .
i 've opened 3x commons and one rare now and feel the commons are way better value .
i once had this weird glitch when kicking a chess piece that i would fly high up in the air .
hey man thanks for doing this could you check reece or rhys ?
the fbi has n't even finished investigating her what bullshit are you spouting
what we did n't know what that the greys are actually video producers .
most do planetary scenery and wildlife observation videos but some do more uh saucy videos .
unless you are a fashion designer nobody is copying your fashion style .
you are purchasing and wearing fashion created by other people same as the person who you think is copying you .
if you are successful fashion designer who is able to sell their product effectively having people copy '' you fashion style then you make lots of money .
shackleshot is too rewarding now that it 's piss easy to land but the rest of her seems totally fine with me plenty of supports are capable of countering the immense single-target damage she brings .
will you start eating meat again or do you view this as a slip up and remain vegetarian ?
weird for every shirt a name flashed into my head
i personally think anyone with such an insanely callous view of human life is either incredibly stupid or just inhumane .
i 'm no pacifist and i believe that sometimes killing some people is necessary ... .
but agreeing with the outright murder and it would be murder you ca n't justify attacking a whole population of harmless civilians as an act of war of millions of people who have done nothing wrong ?
worth noting we play at denver and at arizona .
13-3 is very doable and 14-2 is definitely doable as well .
there may be a universe where 15-1 or 16-0 is possible but i highly doubt it 's this one .
pretty sure that is n't proof of killing him .
all it says that he is already on your friends list not that you have killed him .
romancing the stone http www.imdb.com/title/tt0088011 ? ref_=nv_sr_3 is real good .
and here are some fun action comedies not so much adventure movies that you might like
a few that are not really comedies but not particularly dark either
fun french movies more comedy than action but still fun
the tall blond man with one black shoe http www.imdb.com/title/tt0068655 ? ref_=fn_al_tt_1
that man from rio http www.imdb.com/title/tt0058203 ? ref_=nv_sr_1 this one qualifies as an adventure movie for sure .
that meteor '' might decide to sue for defamation .
the corpse spawns up there quite regularly at least 3/4ths of my characters see it .
not that it ever has anything worthwhile on it though just a merc outfit useful to be repaired by any ones you might 've stole by mistake in goodsprings so that chet 'll buy them and ball cap .
i really love how expressive everyone is in this show .
i could see this working in a modified version of mill rogue .
they have nices lines have a lot of deposit/cashout options including bitcoin
it 's embarrassing that this sub refers to wwe for everything .
clearly the undertaker not thousands of other wrestlers or historical or fantasy figures that had it before hand
and i think he was 19-20 his freshman year .
they all face in the same direction like the previous games .
this might be a foreshadowing of an upcoming nerf ... i believe in blizzard .
thanks for the suggestion i tried on some rancourt models today and i think i 'll be going with them .
can you link to any of modi 's speeches outside india he has many where he said anything bad about any ethnicity ?
they will love you there because you make anti modi comments confidently without any evidence .
i had already snorted extra loud by the time my eyes scanned over this comment .
wiggity wiggity wiggity dont even try to get wit me
it wo n't let you leave until you promote a co to leader .
we are diving like how we make the habs out to be .
i 'm going to pass but thanks for the offer .
i 'm giving the iphone as a gift and would need it fully functioning .
on the contrary halmos was the first one to treat it right .
i 'm terrible with image detection as well but maybe you could help me here too .
so in a square format my pixel per frame would be roughly 4,558,225 correct ?
what kind of camera can deliver that kind of resolution ?
how do you determine how fast the camera can send information to the fpga ?
i try to never let my bag out of my sight unless its locked up in a locker
pick up some coconut coals i reccomend haze or titanium .
also you can get a 15 hot plate at walgreens to heat them up with .
ormond walked through the door into the dining hall .
coming in from the outside it took some time for his eyes to adjust .
he looked around with his one good eye at the boys and old men huddled around each other drinking watered down soup and clutching at their moldy bread like women hold their newborn .
he coughed unimpressed and moved towards the line waiting for dinner .
he waited impatiently for his own bowl and piece of bread before moving to find a seat at a nearby table .
down the table a bit there was a brother complaining about the lack of action .
ormond frowned as he took a sip he agreed with the boy but the lord commander was stingy these days .
ormond had n't seen the man but a few times and rangings just did n't happen anymore it seemed .
looking around the dingy hall with his one good eye he rubbed his thick sandy colored beard .
hell he thought as he pulled his thick black coat up around his tan neck he needed a break from this shit so he turned to the man yes but what are we to do about it ?
there 's nothing to do here but chop wood and stand on top of that wall .
seems the watch does n't send men out anymore . ''
actually it 's only a matter of time before a massive one comes our way .
whether or not it ends all life on earth is a matter of debate .
no its just im getting offered something for my keys and i want to bet it but im not sure if i wanted to accept or not until i knew bots were online
yeah but shitty teammates cause much more displeasure than shitty opponents bring pleasure .
i may be using this apk until it becomes incompatible with my phone .
the alternatives all lack one or two features i 'd rather not give up and qp does everything i want the way i want it done .
a lot of this went over my head but i think what i 'm grasping is that it 's ok to borrow '' from other minor scales for a chord or two in a progression while still just being a plain old minor '' progression ?
you 're going to be hard pressed to find a cloud host with managed support .
rackspace says they do managed cloud but in my experience they 're very expensive for what is offered .
a previous host i used called gtcomm has a page for cloud hosting but it 's not active yet .
you can try contacting them and see if its available by request their support is really top notch .
if you can though i 'd just skip the managed support by host and go with a reliable provider then hire a seperate management company/person .
its going to take a lot to remove my happiness this week ! !
still means you can have congestion issues due to neighbors .
like i said i would call cox and have them do a service call .
wiggins finally tired of people talking shit on him having a sophomore slump .
does n't seem to happen in other western countries ... hence the emphasis being on education rather than prohibition .
perhaps if you do n't educate people to not be retarded people will be retarded ?
prove me wrong with stats though i 'd welcome it .
but we both know that you wont be able to .
i 'm curious what exactly goes on in the story and if they can make the intergalactic part make sense .
even in the really high power tier sci-fi universes think 40k imperium of man forerunner era haloverse apart from the large magellanic cloud etc etc usually they 're constrained to one galaxy because the void in between is too big .
so i 'm curious what could drive them plot wise to move to another one .
and if the same old species are in me4 were some of them already in the other galaxy ?
lots of questions that ca n't be answered until release i guess .
my girlfriend and i basically never fight ... but i feel like over 50 of our fights have somehow involved catan .
i have been but they seem to kill multiple people so easily my bullets do n't kill people as quickly for some reason .
you have to be able to obtain a robot to work for free before you can have it take care of you
it 's a bit odd that we 're ignoring the ground game though .
neither is impressive so we need to keep balanced .
in the championship the teams pick the map that is played on .
in quick match or ranked mode the map is random .
i 'm having problems with my guestmode since the passcode '' feature does n't work .
i really need this tweak.the other guestmode features works guest button lockscreen swipe but i just cant make it to run using the passcode feature .
does anyone have an idea on how to fix this ?
or does anyone know an alternative tweak that can let me have different passcodes that can hide other apps ?
i would be surprised if any of these players are pursued with any aggression at all .
we need relievers outfield depth and a catcher to help spell ramos a bit more .
we could upgrade via trade and we will need to find a starting pitcher if jordan does n't accept his qo or does not re-sign but we 're not going to sign a second scherzer nor will we get set into another werth-esque contract like all of those outfielders will command .
i do n't necessarily disagree but i 'm just saying that 's what happened .
he got his ufc shot on tuf lost and spent a few more years in the b-leagues before he got his second shot .
i actually like minnesota and wish them the best but fuck the fucking timberwolves right now man
i like what i see and i 'm excited but i do n't trust it .
you know when i typed my comment out i thought that as well .
i know your comments sounds like you 're joking but maybe stewie really does n't know what he wants .
he 's just a baby he has n't figured out his sexual orientation yet .
i 'm still not sure about how the stamina/magicka dmg scaling works in eso ive only played the es
shaft knows what freedom means with animation freely dislocated joints https i.imgur.com/jz476xe.jpg .
i second that ... seriously this was too easy ... now we are left with a void until the next event comes and fills us with excitement ...
this game is for everyone who was doubting wiggins worse than alphabet soup my ass
a vet who knows the flow of battle will kick the shit out of new blood players who do n't know how to navigate the terrain with naunce .
hell make it pistol only with a cool looking ns directive pistol as reward for coaching new blood or something p .
do n't mind the idea of only defaults but ya still have the problem of vets clubbing seals with a gauss saw or orion or something .
probably do need vets to pull sundy 's though not a bad point .
but simply getting on there and teaching is something we can do 'now ' .
they emailed me via indeed saying they were interested in someone with my backround .
all i knew going in the interview was that they design and manufacture signs for slot machines .
after beating aria low last week i figured i 'd give it a go again .
i do n't think that could have gone any better .
because they have the right to freedom of speech you sjw .
calling someone out on what they say with that is censorship though .
have you ever rubbed cultivated orangutan on your skin ?
i do n't know if it 's the liquor or buzz of actually playing well but i think texas a m is one of those teams that i like to see do well against everyone else .
it 's always a little startling to me to see ben franklin doing things .
i guess he just strikes me as a hoveround kind of guy .
i 'm glad to see cross finally getting the snaps he deserves .
i 've been saying all season he should be starting .
seriously this is not threatening at all it looks lame to be honest .
if i was the guy being hunted i would laugh because its just two people hunting me in this gigantic world ... thats like finding a needle in a haystack .
the difference is that windows hides file extensions by default so when the file is named resume.zip.exe all you see is resume.zip and the icon for the .exe can be made to use the windows zip file icon .
jonas was with the team for like 1-2 months tops iirc .
pretty sure only like 5-10 of tsm fans remember this if that p
u/rhooffeh is right you are n't instantiating int secretnumber in the engine class so when you send it as the parameter of validateguess ... it is null and line 22 of validateguess ... throws the nullpointerexception .
i live near amsterdam now it 's not so great as to make him that sad p
i for one relish the thought of playing against the mustard-colored jerseys as long as we 're not forced into a game of catch-up .
not much has happened in the story so far .
when devs go to all the trouble to add controller support but the morons who put the game up on steam forget to check all the right boxes its just a shame .
connor making your 124th-ranked pass defense look like 4 darrelle revises '' cook
i feel it is also super expensive for what it is !
i mean sure the cpu is good but stock cooler .
i feel exactly the same way ... my previous work car was a hybrid that i put 250k on my wife 's car is a volt .
i do give a shit about the environment and this feels exactly the same way to me as you have perfectly verbalized ... i would add that we also have to keep living with that cheating spouse right now ... because vw is doing very little to inform us or make things right .
after leading by example '' with the environment all these years now i am forced to grimace every time one of my friends or colleagues asks me about the scandal and my car .
if they think i 'll even begin to be happy with a couple of gift cards ... then i 'm absolutely confounded by their arrogance .
if these come with zero strings attached i 'll be shocked and even if they are truly a gift without strings ... i wo n't even begin to talk to them about trading in for a new vw until this one has been repaired and/or bought out and that will depend on how they treat me through the remediation process .
they do not get to turn this into a chance to upsell me .
so i finished the quest and turned in the completed node .
i then joined first firewall to help a friend and got a new transceiver .
does this mean i wiped my old progress and need to redo the quest ?
find today 's daily in this format 20151107_scores and under that you 'll see a line called
which tells you how many people have a score for today 's daily so far
i uploaded a video of a wild lvl 8 giga murdering my ridden lvl 277 ... .. devspleasefix
that being shot with an hiv drained bb on bare skin makes you hiv positive
add a little fog and this would look like one of bob ross ' paintings .
all these fml '' posts and then there 's this .
i promised him id let him blow me if he sucked on my nipples and i really really wan na try anal bc the half second it was in hidden in the pain was a lot of pleasure😳
i would argue that every other craig film and many of the older films had better openings .
it makes sense considering everyone wants to play it.. why not make a grip of revenue at launch plus they can sell extra content or dlc as on expansion with a price tag.. makes sense .
it 's because that platform had been a safe niche environment for sexual and gender minorities for a long time that so many gay lesbian pan bi ace aro trans and other people use the site .
you 're found no blogs without one of those orientations or genders listed ?
you must not have looked very much and that 's probably because you may not use the platform .
i 've got about as many blogs i follow who fit few privileged groups as minority groups if not more .
regardless the reason people get upset when someone seems to use their creativity to erase representation is because it confirms to a harmful standard in mainstream media that has a lot of momentum and is very very slow to change and gets supported by the vile behaviors of some very entitled people .
as well part of it could be due to the exasperation of trying to educate people at large on the harmful effects of perpetuating this standard and the fact that attempting to do so afflatus seems to breed people who deliberately perpetuate it to get back at them .
am i saying that the response to stuff like this never results in equally harmful and problematic behavior ?
no but am i saying that fighting against skinny white cis man-centered media by voicing your issues with distasteful fan media is wrong ?
the status quo has never changed by continuing to abide by actions and behaviors that actively perpetuate the denigration of people outside the majority .
i would n't recommend either of the basics palettes for op 's skintone .
most of them will show up ashy and it would be hard to do a full look or get a variety of looks .
i ca n't get behind people clowning on rudy .
we 've seen repeatedly through his career in memphis and in toronto that he 's not cut out to be the team 's 1 option .
he plays so great for us when cousins in on the floor to draw double teams and create space for him .
but right now he 's being asked to do something he ca n't do and that 's not really his fault because someone has to take those shots .
if he was n't out there or was being passive they 'd just double team ben or whoever else is shooting would you guys rather see that ?
it was fairly hyped and having hayden panettiere in a towel for the teaser does n't hurt despite her having probably the smallest role in the game until the end !
i do n't think the marketing was that limited because i recall seeing the trailer at a theater .
the earned media from twitch streamers and youtube channels hyping it up also did well spreading the word .
i started with a cardboard envelope which i cut down to size around the phone and then used a ruler and exacto knife to cut out the face plate hole .
after reinforcing everything with duct tape i sawed a pringles can in half slit it down the middle and put a wrist sweat band inside and reinforced the can with duct tape .
lastly i attached the two pieces together with ... you guessed it more duct tape and used a sharpie to draw on some dials for fun .
i think i might use a hole punch to make access to the iphones home button have n't decided yet if that would look good .
oh gods no was this what someone called a fan ?
i havent decided if i want to ... are you coming to the singles party ? ''
i have the m50x and there 's a blatantly obvious difference for me .
i am curious when you amp them without a dac there 's no difference ...
but when you add the dac you hear a noticeable change ?
for the record i still think you 're bullshitting .
pick 3 of my god awful wrs im stuck with this week
do you think a 2hp air compressor would be able to produce 15psi at the cfm rate required to feed an automotive engine ?
what we need is an experiment that runs one engine on a dyno that creates boost for an identical engine and then boost for itself .
has the special ability to jinx an opposing team shooting free throws . ''
it 's just weird when people who claim to know so much about the rules so clearly do n't know what they 're talking about .
or if it 's like 14 trip you can just say you only have 10 cash so you 'll just have to pay the 14 on your card but most likely they 'll take your 10 cash !
so it 's evident that most of the people commenting are guys .
your mouth is small while your lips are large not a good look and lipstick can only do so much to hide that
that colour in your hair is atrocious especially for your skin tone
setting the fake eyelashes on the bottom like that looks fucking stupid .
your eyes are small and that is an unattractive feature .
if you 're wearing them to get attention it 's going to be the wrong kind of attention .
it 's sad that you 're dissatisfied with your black eyes .
maybe if you had an ounce of self-esteem you 'd accept that you 're y'know asian .
let 's face it you 're probably skinnyfat like most asian girls that look like you .
i suppose if you 're more interested in plays that are overtly flashy you can check out one of my earlier montages https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=aexaxppdkag
in particular 2:08 and 2:48 should give you some ideas of the stylish things you can do out of the d-smash stun .
and 2:58 is probably one of the most stylish things you can do with the character .
only reason i did n't put those in the vid i made today is that i 'd already seen them done quite a few times before .
oval geniuses does n't make any sense and would be a shit team name tbh
there are far more non-furry homosexuals than furry homos .
you should check out this one i love it .
you could always recruit players by saying you do everything and have aspirations of taking null despite being a 10 man highsec corp. that works too
just my thoughts but feel free to give me feedback .
pcpartpicker part list http au.pcpartpicker.com/p/xyh6wp price breakdown by merchant http au.pcpartpicker.com/p/xyh6wp/by_merchant
600 watts will be plenty i 'd guess your system with a 6600k and a 380 would take 450-500 watts .
please read this message in its entirety before taking action .
your question has been removed as it looks like you 're needing assistance of some sort which violates askreddit 's rule 2 http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_2
any post with personal pronouns i my mine will not be approved .
otherwise if these do n't fit your needs check out the multireddits in our sidebar http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/about/sidebar which cover almost every topic imaginable thanks !
if you feel this was removed in error please contact the mods http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2faskreddit subject=help related post review request message=my post was removed for being help related please review 3a 0d 0a 0d 0ahttp 3a 2f 2fwww.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/3rzae3/what_are_some_ways_i_can_earn_25000_as_a_14_year .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
i think i 'd still use a good old tupperware orange peeler .
with all respect for your advice i think i will have her or none at all at least for a time .
hers was a love which i thought impossible and if i try to find it again i 'm sure i will only meet frustration .
i will wait patiently for the letter she says she is writing and if it grants me any way to reconcile with her i will then make one final plea .
if not i will try my best to forget her as unfortunate as that will be so that i might be able to move on .
women and relationships are not a source of thrill for me this statement itself is a statement against porn .
i desire a deep bond and commitment which is hard to form and hard to lose .
if there is no way to reclaim it then i doubt i would have success forming another at this time .
tl dr i 'm the romantic type and there is more pain waiting for me when she shuts the door completely .
i 'm afraid i do n't have the stomach for fight club .
everybody knows hillary will make her decisions based on mainstream democrat ideology .
foreign policy may be a tad more aggressive than under obama .
you explained what it meant to you without the you 're a fucking idiot '' .
was that so hard not to be an asshole ?
and it is an overwhelmingly male thing to get emotionally invested in sports to that degree .
your body is great it 's all of you that impresses the most
but since he has a late kickoff definitive information might not come out about his status until after the buf game has already started ... so i guess i 'm reluctantly rolling with clay who has a good matchup but i just like asj 's ros upside more .
hey man you should n't be posting this she 'll get mad at you and kick you out for putting them on the grid .
i do n't have have a penis and i flinched reading this .
this week after a keenan allen injury i 'm starting hillman murray and gurley .
obviously he is an idiot but the third chick is an idiot too .
i do n't think this is from a redditor .
i 'm pretty sure i 've seen this way back on 4chan .
maud in terms of pony-watching i do n't really know of any dedicated events around me .
there 's a game shop near me that holds an mlp ccg tournament every friday evening that i participate in but that does n't sound like the sort of thing you 're looking for .
according to eqd 's meetup map http www.equestriadaily.com/2013/04/brony-meetup-group-map.html there is a brony group here in the atlanta area but i know absolutely nothing about them .
knowing my family would be devastated if something happened to me
a miserable dictatorship of the proletariat with advantageous economic and professional benefits for their moment .
all of your examples conform to the same situation .
lifestyle changes are the only way to lose weight and maintain and what this guy is doing is n't sustainable .
i 'm not going to move to android for my daily driver anytime soon .
just re-reading this comment chain made me remember how ignorant the majority of people are about steroids .
lmao hard work will get you 250 pounds of absolutely shredded muscle ... .maybe if you 're like 7 feet tall
i 've ripped and edited a few of ed 's own and set it as my wallpaper .
jets wo n't make it to the wild card because they are the jets .
they have to call it a goal tend to be able to review it .
the greatest accident in the history of manchester united and real madrid .
he threw it in an uncatchable way because there was nothing there did n't want to force an accidental interception
i did a little bit of track in high school but never really got into sports until college .
it 's definitely helped me out and i 'm a better person for it .
i think it would have helped me out with my problems in high school and i think it 's generally good for people to be in these situations .
that 's great to hear you 'll be able to use konamiya and belladeon in dragons b10 along with shannon and bernard in dragons b9
the techy skill plays where you stun them on a trap you just set ...
should have let the dog tear his ass out the frame .
i think naga sea witch has some interesting potential .
a 5/5 for 5 that instantly gives you up to 5 coins basically even more if it lives past a turn .
you do n't have to be a good christian .
take control of your actions and stop acting like a child having a tantrum or you know rage more so we give you a chat restriction either way does n't matter .
reddit asked me to tell you not to shitpost .
has she tried to use force to keep you from starting another organization ?
trey damian liillard against the jazz '' burke in the house tonight
was he getting 1 beep per post because of his name ?
someone is meant to be breeding that for me but if it does n't work out i 'll need it .
now we just need msu to beat osu and we 're in business .
i cant believe the fucking white house put this shit out .
well the white house is currently full of liberals/progressives/democrats political attributes which nearly all feminists in the us associate or sympathize with .
it was just a couple neighbors that bought a decent amount of stuff each .
but i was mostly just trying to get rid of stuff .
a lot of it was hand me downs from when we first moved .
so it was cool to make a few bucks off of it you know ?
i 'm fine with bad endings not cutting out the end of the story if you have n't obtained a bunch of seemingly optional items .
especially when the bad ending '' amounts to you suck gg world 's over try again '' .
extracted them from the game assets which is also how i got all the flairs .
at least lsu is getting fucking steamrolled i can always take pleasure in that .
i liked the way it was before because it left options open .
he was dead for 3 days and his robes smell great !
not so trollish i dont understand either ... .when i play hc its just..win or die
one the size of a 4lb baby or 14lb baby ?
yeah depo was how i figured out bc makes me reallllly depressed .
it has huge warnings on it saying do n't take if you have any history whatsoever of depression .
cuz it 's in there for three months like it or not
tried to go for a raid last night and it was cricket chirps
demons are the bane of my existence right now .
if they truly felt abortion was murder they would oppose abortion in every situation .
there are plenty of pro-choice people who believe abortion is murder and only support it for body autonomy reasons in fact i would say saying abortion is n't murder is an unprovable assumption so all pro-choicers should be aware of the possibility .
some may decide it is worth the loss in bodily autonomy to save a life but not when that loss in autonomy could be traumatic in the case of rape
mises and hayek did good work with the former with the socialist calculation problem and hayek in demonstrating the limits of empiricism .
his work is interesting as a piece of political philosophy but economics not so much .
plus you do n't have to libertarian/austrian to also be pro-capitalism .
it 's a bit of a challenge to embed newlines into the m message .
degild everything except the first 5 heroes listed that means mostly natalia mercedes and bobby who have no business being gilded keep leveling the ancients you have and get kuma and atman .
once you can get to where you currently are 450 in half an hour or less move all your gilds to samurai and get argaiv and start leveling fortuna dogcog and bubos again .
what am i supposed to do with my phone ?
but if they do n't do this the best keep getting better and the teams that do n't win run out of money and have to quit meaning you end up with a few way too powerful teams that take all the money and no other teams
vsepr is a mathematical model essentially based on assuming everything is a point charge .
but it is a useful model if you appreciate it for what it is .
did you guys try holding into a core instead of giving it the banshee ?
is that what you tell the cooks at the buffet ?
i have n't played destiny in about a week because of this .
i got tired of searching through a sea of people to never beat oryx on hard .
meh i 'll take op2 any day over the redundant double home button htc has .
bet all my money on the bobtail nag somebody bet on the grey
i thought it was only for the hybrid no more ulti baiter
i 've seen this exact streetpass team like a few dozen times while walking around campus grinding for my tson team .
but the new gm dipoto has made it clear he 's going to value obp and defense
two wrongs do n't make a right and oppressing one ethnic group for the benefit of another is n't right either .
if you desire reparations for racist/sexist/whateverist actions that a certain group committed show me a way to make those reparations equitably and i will support you .
that being said our western society has decided that the sins of the father are not the sins of the son .
i ca n't help with coding but i can help with bug testing .
new york is not the america '' you 're referring to in no one in america cares about cricket '' .
today was good because jimmy jr. and zeke were practicing their wrestling moves by the wharf .
i watched from the hotdog cart because i 'm not allowed to be near them i kept trying to join in ... you know why .
there is a joke about a military pilot who called for a priority landing because his single-engine jet fighter was running a bit peaked . ''
air traffic control told the fighter pilot that he was number two behind a b-52 that had one engine shut down .
ah '' the fighter pilot remarked the dreaded seven-engine approach . ''
what about a nearby neighbour have a handy six pack of beer or chocolate ?
i 'm sure people wo n't mind if you bring them a thank you gift '' prior to using it
while i was taking my m permit test a few weeks ago there was a kid sitting in front of me taking the driver 's permit test .
he was looking up the answers on his phone .
this was after he failed the test once already and the lady grading the tests sent him back in to take it a second time .
that kid is probably driving amongst us by now .
dragon scale is a fun weave but yes that end is a hassle .
when i visited florida i could not understand why the motorcyclists were not wearing helmets or any other type of protective gear .
you guys got fucked but i ca n't complain on this end .
i think denver showed they were committee to running him last week and he did well with the workload then
fallout is a really special world and i use that term as positively as i can .
people will 'get ' fallout and love it and other people wo n't 'get ' it and wo n't be willing to wade through the menus and dialogues and stuff and for people who are looking for a fun pick-up-and-play game they hopefully wo n't find it in f4 .
wheras people who love fallout people like us will hopefully find everything we love about fallout built better and stronger .
i personally do n't care what someone who does n't like fallout thinks of fallout 4 .
i do n't care if broader appeal makes more people like fallout because it 's a single player game .
as long as it exists and i can play it everything else is secondary
i just saw that if you buy the rise of the tomb raider bundle you also get tomb raider 2013 definitive edition .
yea i just like to remember him for how much talent he had on the football field for us .
yeah i like more the 360 photo part or event the rotating video would be pretty nice and i like the idea that the camera moves and not the object !
i 'm mostly looking for equipment but if something else is more useful then i 'll get it .
i will be doing slayer and bossing mostly qbd .
my current equipment which might change before i get anything from pop are all three gwd sets a rcb a staff of armadyl and a godsword will get drygores once i get the attack level .
often times i find myself constructing a logical paradigm in response to an article well if the subject was a woman/man instead of man/woman the response would be different '' as a method of highlighting discrimination .
can someone help me understand why this simple comparison might be less than useful or instead why it 's good and if it 's bad what a better alternative would be ?
the bartender asks him why he ordered three shots .
we grew up together but have since gone our separate ways .
one is in england and one in the usa but we each go into a bar on the same day every year and order three shots of whiskey .
it 's as if we are drinking them together . ''
he then drinks the shots and leaves the bar .
the next couple years he returns and does the same .
then one year the man returns but only orders two shots .
i ca n't help but notice you only ordered two shots '' the bartender said .
it appears you must have lost one of your friends .
i am struggling to get responses for my survey .
if you could take 5 mins of your time to help me out that would be amazing !
remember that discussion about previews and imdb casting information needs to be inside a spoiler tag .
to do that use spoiler s brody '' which will appear as spoiler s brody ''
just wondering if the embargo is over and if anyone has found a review yet .
really wan na see how the game has turned out
i am hoping someone can provide some insight on this because it is an odd issue and i unfortunately have no experience using hdmi-cec .
i have a 4th generation appletv the newest connected via hdmi to a bose cinemate 120 to the bd dvd port .
the bose is connected to my sony 4k tv via hdmi to the hdmi 1 port .
i would like to use just the apple tv remote to control all devices as advertised but am having some issues .
when i wake the appletv up it will turn on my tv but does not turn on the bose so i get no display on the tv .
if i go into the sony bravia link menu it shows both the appletv as hdmi cec devices .
it shows the appletv as connected but not the bose .
i ca n't figure out how to make this work .
again i would like to use my appletv remote to turn my devices on and off and control volume .
i 'm new to the game and would like to experience it with like-minded individuals .
available most days willing to set up a regular time frame
i have got my g4 just a week or so ago in the usa .
and unfortunately i have sprint so any updates to the system will take months longer but i am curious to know if anyone has heard about when lg is planning on releasing marshmallow in the states .
i know that it 's in korea and i believe it was one other country already i want to say japan .
and has anyone use a marshmallow based custom rom perhaps how does it run ?
looking for insider 's or just rumors if you have any .
edit good discussion might be a more even fight than i thought
i 've tried the deep color setting does n't change anything .
it 's like when it tries to play a blu ray more often than not it will flash a black screen over rand over until i change the video input back and forth sometimes up to a few times .
my other monitor does n't do this ever when playing a blu ray with the same ps4 though .
when i meditate should i actively be trying to reach an altered state of consciousness or just go with the flow even it means failing in the goal ?
sometimes it helps with visualization and focus when i try to reach an altered state although i ca n't keep it up for very long .
sometimes the only way that i can clear my mind and do some meditation is through an altered state .
also one last thing what are some good meditations to help you achieve gnosis ?
i 've been on and off meditation for a while now but have just seriously invested in it recently so something light would be good .
i do n't lean toward masculine '' scents myself so i 'm not really sure where to start .
i had one of my brothers smell a sample of the horseman from hog which he deemed kind of old man-ish but not bad . ''
that 's after he finished complaining how sniffing it singed all the hair out of his nostrils ... u been taking drama classes on the side bro ? !
the only thing i can add is that i do n't think they 'd like anything with incense .
so last halloween weekend i made a post asking if anyone would like to watch the babadook with me since it was halloween night and they had suggested it .
that unfortunately did not happen but tonight u/sinthis from this subreddit and i are back to try this grump hang out again !
the goal is either 9 or 10 pst tonight !
so when this post is about 4 hours old but that time is not set in stone or anything .
we also have n't decided a way of commuting but skype omegle or whatever else you guys prefer is all fine by me !
so if you have a free night tonight lets hang out .
send a message with info to accomplifailed through psn or post your info on here .
let 's say i attack player b when hes skulled outside of a guarded zone and hes 1 minute from losing his skull .
after 1 minute player b runs inside a guarded zone and i 'm still attacking .
i heard some ppl saying that i will skull because he 's unskulled in the guarded zone heard that i can attack for 1 minute before i get skulled or that i can just keep attacking till he 's dead .
this situation happened to me and i stopped attacking to be sure but i 'd like to know the answer .
if early records mean anything this should be an even matchup !
cliff alexander is active tonight i 've heard good things about him from a friend of mine who is a kansas fan glad to finally see him suit up .
platform s pc bought the character in a store it was similar to a tamagotchi
notable characters the character i had was similar to the heatblast '' character from ben 10 he was basically a fiery magma-esque humanoid .
my brother had a character h=that was made out of rock but he cant remember any details
notable gameplay mechanics i can very vaguely remember driving a personal vehicle .
the characters you play are ones you buy from a store .
the item you buy is similar to a tamagotchi you then enter a code online which allows you to play as that character .
it was online and a fairly if not very successful game .
you could buy quite a few characters and all i can remember from the gameplay itself was that you had personal vehicles .
in the handheld game there was one on one combat cant recall if there was combat online .
the best result that can be achieved without considering the image-structure of the data .
this paper gives a 9.3 error rate as their control '' for fully connected svhn but i do n't think that they claim that this result is state of the art .
if you 're wondering why i care my goal is to have a dataset to evaluate fully connected nn on which is less trivial than mnist .
i 've been collecting bios but not using them .
leveled up a bit and they are ok seems there are better characters out there and i should just sell or exchange the bios .
so im almost ready to get a new pc and wanted to ask you guys about your opinions on the parts i picked .
i wanted it to not only be good but also look good so i went with a nice black and white color sheme .
sorry for my bad english im not a native speaker
now that deadm is out and has shown how popular pvp is in terms of getting new players and returning players back into the game i 'd like for jagex to start looking at getting the wilderness more up to date .
the original rejuvenation was great but it could have been much better if they had n't nerfed a lot of their original plans with it .
as serious as they were about the idea of the wilderness offering very useful rewards and xp-rates since players risk being in a pvp zone they abandoned that on a lot of the updates in the rejuvenation update last minute .
the only thing people remember of the rejuvenation are the bosses and the lava dragons which are pretty much the only success of the rejuvenation project .
this idea is set to rejuvenate the previous rejuvenation 's updates along with adding a few new unique updates on top of the buffs to older content .
here 's what i propose for the wilderness rejuvenation 2 https docs.google.com/document/d/1b21nerbv4ebsefijhqxyxpujhvurup8ww-xqxgmhq9m/edit
if you read through it and think most of it is unique then i 'd suggest you read through the original rejuvenation project notes http 2007.runescape.wikia.com/wiki/update rejuvenating_the_wilderness more_risk more_reward
you 'd probably be surprised at how much was put in and ended up being dead shortly after release .
intel i5-6600k msi z170a m7 2 way crossfire msi r9 390 .
what is the best water cooler for this build ?
let 's hope we do n't make the same mistakes again for the rest of the season .
if someone does please do n't try to guess in thread .
answer as many questions as you 'd like or just freestyle ... whatever .
okay how about cribs entp edition with all y'all showing off your apartments .
i 'd be pretty interested to know what you guys '' consider a fulfilled '' life in light of your personality type whatever that means for the specific entp .
if you could give your 15 year old self three pieces of advice what would those be and why ?
questions about relational experience you 've had with specific types ?
is there something that you like about the intjs ?
what are your feelings towards making and sharing this video ?
briefly what was your childhood like and/or what are some interesting memories or factoids about your childhood/child self ?
whatever comes to mind that you feel like sharing or that feels interesting or that makes you smile about your child self .
it could be a summary statement a specific incident or memory something someone told you about yourself etc .
anyhow show your portal gun or a screaming robot or something else that is cool that you have built yourself that would be interesting .
why do you want me to ask a question ?
the other day i read that beteshda allowed some youtuber/streamer to stream the game 1 day earlier .
if so who are the lucky ones whit the seal of aproval from beteshda ?
https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=jlvksczuxiq the intro song on this video it is in the background.. the video is norwegian
the song is also here at 2:33 https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=8crindq0ahm
i 'm going to japan in a week and need to get some money together so i 'm selling some of my keyboard stuff .
prices are in aud and do n't include shipping sorry for the confusion with this .
shipping to the conus is 15 w/o tracking and 21 w/tracking .
shipping elsewhere will be different pm for a quote .
picture http i.imgur.com/2ihub1n.jpg original keycaps not included and comes with a custom 'skeleton cable ' also shipping will be a little more with this one
picture https i.imgur.com/zinpcpr.jpg really do n't wan na be getting rid of these but need the money
also some non-keyboard stuff that i 'm selling figured i 'd throw them in here as well .
never been used everything included has just been sitting on my shelf .
evangelion 1.11 blu-ray us version still works in aus .
evangelion 2.22 blu-ray us version still works in aus .
ouran high school host club complete series blu-ray us version still works in aus .
i will of course entertain any genuine offer so please do n't hesitate to offer if you think the price is too high .
does anyone else take their star wars pops off the bases ?
i do n't really know why leaving them on bugs me but i refused to buy them for a while simply because of the bases .
his ability to blend action drama and wit would be a great fit with the bond franchise .
i 'd love for him to get a chance to see what he could do .
i would also love it if someone could tell me what my safari is/has .
how do i make the letter go back to a after z ?
this is just my mental notes from over 300 of farming .
it 's hardly comprehensive but i do n't think the guild is completely correct in its numbers .
the guild says all gems can reach this max but i 'm not sure it practically exists .
i mean it is theoretical max but you will most likely never see it .
i have a few 31.5 gems but they are blood tinge and on level 18 .
which means in theory anyway that bt can scale even higher but since no bosses drop bt gems it will never exist in a practical sense .
27.5 seems to be the max for tempering gems while 31.5 is the theoretical max .
this max is never reached because the bosses that do drop it like blb will have a secondary bonus that take away the allotted budget .
as waning and triangle gems seem to scale lower and circle seems to scale higher .
this means that a triangle and waning of the same level as a radial will have lower tempering bonuses .
but when comparing a radial with a circle the opposite is true .
only layer 3 and 4 bosses drop level 20 stuff but most bosses have their own loot pool .
the layer 3 and 4 bosses are only a handful per chalice type ie izs loran illyh and something like rom will never drop a tempering only nourishing .
then you add the complication of secondary bonuses which dilute the main bonus .
is this the general feel everyone else has for the gems ?
hi tomt i was doing research into jealousy a while ago and bumped into some thread in which a person quoted a passage that i thought was very insightful .
with a quick search google linked me to an 18th century male author ...
i 'm actually not sure if he was indian but that was the first thought that occurred to me .
it was opened on incognito thus i have no browser history of it .
i ca n't remember most of it but part of the passage told a story of a man who could n't bear his burdens and prayed to god for anyone else 's burden .
then he had a dream that god told everyone to bring their burdens to the temple everyone rejoiced because everyone wanted to have someone else 's troubles so everyone put their burdens into a bag and brought it to the temple .
then god said you may pick any bag you want .
and to his surprise everyone including himself ran to their own bag .
he came to the realization that no matter how big a persons burden may be those burdens are your own and it comes with a familiarity .
and something else about you know your internal self and only see everyone else 's external selves .
edit the title was something like the book of truth '' ... .
i 'm fairly certain 'truth ' was in the title .
i am writing a small web application in node if that helps that makes calls to an api that limits calls to it .
i was thinking i would create a class or something that has a list of requests to make to the api and every 10 seconds it attempts to resolve 10 of them and send them back to wherever the info is needed .
is this the wrong way to go about it ?
if this is the right direction is there any resources you guys could send my way on writing this ?
what 's it like to have a third nipple ?
my current survivor composition for clearing hunter warrior assault .
1 all 3 classes have aoe and with it the ability to take out multiple walkers in a single turn .
each one of these classes has a different range of aoe images of aoe ranges http imgur.com/a/ibaso which allows them to handle a variety of walker clusters .
2 both hunter assault have range allowing you to tackle walkers from a distance .
the hunter has the longest range and i take advantage of this on certain maps reducing the health of big walkers before engaging .
assault 's charged ability allows you to aoe stun .
hunter 's charged ability is critical shot which ensures maximum damage and can be used to 1 shot extra strong walkers .
warrior 's charged ability allows you to attack twice in one turn which can be awesome for clearing 2 walkers in a turn or used to ensure you kill a more powerful walker in 1 turn .
i currently use this composition to do the weekly challenges and with this composition i was able to beat all of the available episodes while my survivors were level 10 .
if you do n't have the assault class the shooter walker has the same charged ability as warrior attacking twice in 1 turn which allows for successful walker cleanup .
microsoft 's new tech-fuelled event ignite starts on 17th november in gold coast .
microsoft 's new tech-fuelled event ignite starts on 17th november in gold coast .
msauignite https twitter.com/hashtag/msauignite ? src=hash nhausignite https twitter.com/hashtag/nhausignite ? src=hash
microsoft 's new tech-fuelled event ignite starts on 17th november in gold coast .
microsoft 's new tech-fuelled event ignite starts on 17th november in gold coast .
msauignite https twitter.com/hashtag/msauignite ? src=hash nhausignite https twitter.com/hashtag/nhausignite ? src=hash
if you 've gone all three times you should n't be able to continue playing .
it would give the less skillful players a better chance at reaching the lighthouse .
and yes i understand the lighthouse is for the elite '' blah blah but unless the playing field is a little more level it 's considered locked content to a lot of people .
this would be a way of removing the best players from the competition in waves .
so it will steadily become more possible to reach the lighthouse as the weekend progresses if you 're not great at pvp .
trials is still fun regardless but a little salt went into this suggestion .
so i noticed that my fallout 4 ups amazon shipment says scheduled for early delivery on monday '' .
i feel like its way too good to be true .
so i bought an okeyn desktop microphone sf-922b for communication and unless i literally have my mouth on the mic people can barely hear me .
there 's no option to turn up the gain in the audio settings of windows 10 either ?
any suggestions or suggestions on mics that would n't run into this problem ?
not sure if its just me but videos are not working for me now for some reason .
im a senior and high school and i want to try to compete in blops 3 .
the problem is that along with school i have work which takes up a lot of time .
without the job i dont have money to travel or get gear such as scuf .
2 sunbreakers need a 3rd have gone to lighthouse before must have a mic .
i do n't usually like being trans but the last game i just had in ranked was so fun .
the jailor died n1 and i transed myself with 15 no mafia attacks .
what a night '' next day mayor reveals 15 claims medium claiming rt as mayor and trans are ts .
we hang him and he 's gf he attacked himself .
later in the game mayor and town lynches jester i saw it coming and told mayor to vote him .
he tries to haunt the mayor but i trans him with the suspect mafia .
jester haunts the mafia i transed with mayor and mafia attacks and forges themselves .
a few days later it 's revealed there is four mafia mafia tries to attack mayor but i trans them again to make them attack themselves .
so 3 times in the game mafia attacked themselves and killed themselves once .
i 'm creating avatars for use in unity 3d and the process is going along just fine however when i 'm animating my rigs i seem to be unable to save multiple different lengths of animations .
for instance if i have a 40 frame walk animation and then create a separate weapon animation that 's say 30 frames then i seem to have to choose a length of 40 or 30 and am not able to separate them .
i suppose i could save the model under 2 file names then develop the animations and export them to unity which should work as long as all the armatures are the same .
of course i 've also been told that i can just make animations in unity so i would n't have to worry about doing it in blender .
i went through the steps of searching the forum for an answer to this prior to submitting this question .
i did n't find anything that seemed to suit my needs .
i saw one post that talked about turning on the ghost and then deleting key frames but that does n't seem relevant here .
if we get to the lighthouse great if not whatever .
please know what to do i would like to knock out the rest off the raid as quickly as we can .
fixed inability for flyers to drop carried 'mounted ' dinosaurs if they became dismounted while carried
fixed case where giganotosaurus could still stand on rafts/platform structures
on servers with forceallstructurelocking '' pve etc such structures are now locked by default
fixed a potential client crash with the new optimized occlusion system
fixed a number of issues with networking pre-placed characters and structures i.e .
pve tribe warfare '' options capability for tribes to officially declare war on each other at specific times
snow swamp and tek caves boss arenas game progression and boss wars ''
i am hoping to have a fundraiser on my campus selling bernie sanders t-shirts for a few dollars and donating profits to the campaign .
i 'm wondering if there 's any precedent for this i do n't want to affect sales of bernie sanders official t-shirts but i am also hoping to get his name out there .
if anyone has any info or ideas on where i could buy cheap shirts or silk screening that would all be very helpful !
i have no tracking info nothing of that nature and they charged me for my order last tuesday .
people keep saying that this is an awesome combo but i 'm just not seeing it .
it would deal 2 damage once as normal then the battlecry would trigger the second time and all the enemy minions would be damaged so there are no targets for the second time it is triggered .
wondering if anyone has dealt with similar issues and has advice .
we have 3 cats 2 girls and a boy all fixed .
about 2 years ago the boy who is generally a bit of an anxious scaredy cat started peeing on our futon .
he had never had any litterbox issues before he was 5 at the time .
it happened while we were away for 2 weeks and had friends looking after the cats daily .
we tried everything to clean the futon and protect it but he continued to pee on it almost daily .
we ended up leaving a plastic tarp on it at all times for easy cleanup .
eventually we discovered he started peeing on other things .
we threw out most things because cleaning did n't seem to help and he would keep returning .
well in the last 3 months we have moved to a new house and had a baby .
nearly every single day since the baby was born a month ago we have found at least 2 new places he has peed .
he has n't peed in any of the baby furniture yet but it is only a matter of time .
we clean the litterboxes regularly and we have 3 considering getting a 4th .
we have gone through hundreds of dollars worth of enzyme cleaner .
it is putting stress on my relationship with my husband .
all we ever seem to talk about is cat pee .
i never thought i would consider giving up one of my cats and i am afraid he is unadoptable with his pee issues .
need 310 must have hm emblem and know the no knight strat .
please do n't add me if your going to leave after a couple of wipes .
add kingcactuswolf do n't message or reply on here .
it has a lovely mil not really in it .
i thought it was perfect great characters and eri who has a terrible mil is just ... badass .
i am a high school junior that is really interested in going into the film industry with a focus on sound or music more specifically sound editing music editing or rerecording .
i 've been trying to find film schools with good sound programs and have had a tough time finding schools that focus on or write a lot about their sound programs and was wondering if you would be able to answer some of my questions
which film schools have good or bad sound programs/courses ?
if film school is n't the best place to learn about sound and music is there a better degree or way to learn about it ?
i just want to warn you guys id you guys play in barbamon server i just want to inform you .
beware of a guy name lordgamerpt '' he just scammed me and took 7 of my growth fruits .
and please post any other scammers so other people did n't get the same experience .
i just want dmo to be a better place thx for reading .
you can use basic commands such as goto '' or use '' or you can create your own commands by doing create command '' .
make sure you include your action after creating a command .
i 'm looking at a couple of lvl 20 characters with a new attribute point .
intelligence and charisma are low and i want to bump them but the number is red not orange .
when i hover over the level slider for that attribute it says cost 1 attribute point '' in red but wo n't let me add it .
looking through my characters yes a number have red-labeled attributes .
but it says 1 attribute point available '' up top and it lets me add that point to attributes i do n't want .
i do n't get it it says nothing about it being locked out and i googled that and got no clues as to why it 's locked out .
i mean not with her legs behind her ears but chest to floor waist bent up and over her head like a scorpion 's tail ass sitting on her own head .
i 'm curious to the lab environment outside of my own world !
just looking for a lady to watch me get off just need one pic for verification .
experienced player just not enough time with a new family i finally have a bit of free time so if you can help a fellow guardian i 'd very much appreciate it ! !
how do i get that day counter thing at the side of my name ?
i saw u/studmf needed a few more people to trade with so he could get in on the secret santa .
unfortunately the deadline came too early and he can not join for december .
we agreed to 5 cigars and he sends me that and 2 bodyguards
i 'm really looking forward to these shorter vitolas especially with winter coming .
my favorite b m gave me a heads up that they were getting the good stuff .
oh ... and we 're getting some hemingway short story maduro .
oh ... and we still have some of the lfd flower bands u/squidot and u/provocajade did n't clear us out on .
i got some lost city lanceros for a decent price and split them with u/cyberya .
last winter was pretty hard to dress up and endure the freezing temps for a cigar .
i have a b m close by but leaving the house to go there is n't always feasible with small children .
i still plan to visit and work from home '' because it is a great shop that i still want to support .
this summer i set out to build a proper space to stay warm and enjoy cigars all winter long .
i 'm going to see how well this works .
heat is definitely going to be lost from the roof .
i 'm considering barn roof panels in white to 1 brighten the place up and 2 keep the weight down .
other improvement ideas include a flat panel bar stool seating and some rearranging .
i 'm a music aficionado not the guy to make fan art in the drawing sense but just play the songs in the show .
so to anyone who 's an expert with a synthesizer can someone point me to a patch similar to the one used in stronger than you ?
hi we have more problems than this in our relationship and maybe it 's doomed but i 'd just like to get some outside perspective on this one issue .
this has happened two or more times already two times recently .
one early evening he drove an hour to get me to go out to eat and i was still showering .
he got an attitude with me pretty much right away over msging i do n't remember the exact things he said in the beginning but it eventually got to him telling me that i was inconsiderate he does n't like having his time wasted other criticisms i ca n't remember right now maybe about me being selfish etc .
i told him i did n't like being talked to like that or feeling rushed .
we ended up arguing and that made it take longer for me to finish getting ready etc .
i even pointed that out and he thought i was saying i was doing it on purpose .
we were still arguing even after i was ready to go .
i eventually was so irritated that i was n't in the mood to go out with him anymore and i told him to go back .
of course he was angry about that but he was already angry anyway .
he keeps referring to that time as me making him wait 3 hours '' even though half or more of that was us arguing and keeps saying ask anybody anybody would say that 's rude inconsiderate etc '' .
he says that about many things ask anybody they would agree with me '' etc .
i would never act that way to someone if they were taking longer etc i 'm pretty easygoing .
this time he did n't drive to me it was n't even certain we were going anywhere as i had n't gotten enough sleep the night before which he knew and agreed about .
when i finished what i needed to do that day i started getting ready to go out at 6 and let him know .
he got an attitude with me again pretty much right away saying that places to eat close at 10 etc .
i kept getting ready to go and tried not to waste time arguing again .
it was the same thing again though him saying how inconsiderate i am etc he knew i 'd do that again like i planned it or something .
to me the psychology of that is just crazy telling somebody what they 're going to do waiting for someone to mess up and saying i told you so '' etc .
i finished getting ready around 730 still time to go out .
i did n't tell him i was done though bc we were still arguing .
i was irritated enough again though so told him to forget it .
i told him that i would think going out with the person you want to go out with would be nice no matter what it is the point is to spend time with that person .
am i right to send him back or cancel a night out because of him having an attitude with me ?
i know it said that it would n't fit but im kind of hoping i may just be able to squeeze it in .
has anyone actually tried putting in any of the devices they would n't say would fit ?
i play german gf because i love their tanks the look the feel the rumble but recently when playing rb i 've just had loss after loss and never a close game .
just tonight i played roughly 20 games all lasted less than 10 minutes and only 2 of them were wins .
one time with good players and the other with a panzerwerfer kicking the russians shit in .
in the losses it always ends up being that the russians just dominate the field so badly that they end up spawn camping the germans in their base .
i feel like it takes a great amount of effort and skill on my part just to pen some of these guys let alone kill them but then get one shot 80 of the time from the t-34 's .
i know you guys say they 're supposed to be glass cannons but take my last game i managed to flank 3 enemy t-34 's in a panzer iv f2 i penned all 3 of them at least 3 times each but not one of them fell and then we immediately lost because i could n't destroy them in time to stop them capping the point .
i know i 'm not the best player as i only play casually but even being a terrible player in cod will grant you more wins than this .
edit thanks for all of the feedback i 'll keep playing and try to play my tanks better or just get up and move over to ivan seems to be the only way to win these days .
also u/walterblockland made a very good comment with great tips about playing the pz.iv f2 in case you missed it .
keeps the title till 'mania season comes around then at the rr daniel bryan comes back and wins it .
so at wm we 'll get a more grown up more awesome bragging rights 2010 but this time it 's for the world title and it 's the main event of the show of shows .
i really think if this would happen it can be a hbk/bret caliber match .
hey everyone hopefully this has n't been asked before i could n't find anything and i 've had no luck with google .
does the new nhl have any sort of online co-op vs. cpu ?
my friend and i would like to play together vs. bots since we are n't exactly great at sports games especially me and we 'd rather just not deal with online opponents .
synopsis 220 years ago in the legendary dragon demon war hero azell ended the war by killing the evil dragon demon race 's king atein .
he was able to save the population but as a consequence he was cursed .
while he was dying the high magician suggest a gamble that might save his life .
'the dragon 's hibernation is the only key to saving your life . '
instead of a human 's sleep he slept the sleep of the dragons and he was able to overcome the curse .
now he is realizing that he has slept way longer than a human 's life span .
i took a picture of a piece of paper with some notes and used it as a watch face noticed that my time was blue instead of white .
anyone try and see if they get other colors ?
or if you get this result even with white only behind the time ?
description of gameplay elements hop through the red and green koopa forests and rescue your friend yoshi .
it 's come to my attention that best buy will actually honor evga 's 3 year warranty in store by giving you a refund sometimes in the form of store credit depending on how and when the card was purchased which you can then use to buy the same card or a better one .
dissociated press msnbc newscaster chris matthews was found badly beaten in central park this evening .
a bloody note was stuck to his body that read do n't talk over your guests . ''
police are currently compiling a list of potential suspects from matthew 's guest list on his nightly show hardball '' who may have been treated rudely but admit it 's a long shot because the list of people he interrupted and talked over runs into the thousands .
we 're currently bringing in david corn and steve kornacki for questioning '' said police commissioner harry weems .
both corn and kornacki are frequent guests on hardball where matthews is often especially rude to both .
each has also been seen recently walking on new york streets with matthews .
we also have to consider the possibility that a viewer may have wanted matthews punished '' said weems admitting that he himself often threw things at the tv when matthews was on because he wo n't shut the hell up . ''
so i taught my group how to play pandemic .
we first played a vanilla game without legacy rules to learn the mechanics and did pretty well .
we won with only two outbreaks and even managed to eradicate a disease .
so we were stoked and ready to start the campaign .
it felt like the perfect storm of unfortunate events .
it was just outbreak after outbreak and we were so busy trying to keep the world from exploding we barely found any cures .
we ended up losing with eight outbreaks and my dispatcher even got a scar .
there are so many stickers on the board already and we just started !
it was a bit demoralizing to lose so badly right at the beginning but we are excited to go for round 2 !
one thing that does worry me is the idea of losing a character .
the thought of getting another couple scars and permanently losing my dispatcher is giving me lots of anxiety .
so every time i open safari i have like 10 tabs already opened .
ca n't wait for the military to be deployed and deal with this invasion .
i 'm talking about genetic engineering to edit things like eye color hair color traits from either parent etc .
will there be too much money in it to hold people back from doing it ?
will people create and edit new bodies for themselves to upload '' themselves into ?
i 've now been working retail for about a month at a drug store that i like to think is high-end .
yesterday i had the worst bag-related incident yet and i figured i 'd share .
a woman walks up close to closing and she 's got three very small items in total they took up about the space of a human fist .
i asked her if she found everything she was looking for she said yes and i reached down to get our smallest bag to bag her stuff up with .
first some background we have three plastic bag sizes four counting these dinky tube-shaped ones but i never use those small medium and large .
our medium bags are alright but they 're so thin that customers usually appreciate the other two sizes because they 're usually more durable .
i would never default to using our thin medium bags for any order so small .
i automatically assume that she wants these things bagged up in our smallest bag especially since it 's the perfect size for it so i pull one up and bag them all while she stands and watches nodding .
then after a moment she looks at it really hard and says no i want a more durable bag ! ''
so i 'm nice and nod and say alright ! ''
and pull out a medium bag and start to put her items in that .
i bag them all up and start to ring her up more when she looks at me like i 'm crazy .
keep in mind i 'm now using two medium bags which are way oversized for this tiny order and there 's a line forming .
this is already ridiculous and she 's taking forever to make a decision .
me okay ... '' i re-bag her items in the small bag then put that small bag in the medium bag .
i 'm about to ring it all up when she lifts up the medium bag and shakes her head .
so i triple bag her three items which are now in a small bag in a medium bag in a large bag like some sort of cashier 's version of a russian nesting doll .
other cashiers had to be brought on to deal with the excess customers building up behind her .
these items are so small and in such a large bag our large bags are for things like big stacks of toilet paper that it 's sort of like if you stuck three tennis balls in a big black trash bag .
it 's more bag than order more petroleum than actual physical product itself and you have to go through so many layers of bags just to get to her dinky little items less than 5 in all .
finally as i 'm ringing her up she lifts up the big bag looks unimpressed and says to me
her ... could i get another bag to go ? ''
while playing as richtofen if you pack-a-punch in der riese it triggers a little bit of dialogue and richtofen references
a blacksmith from the west '' but he says this guy from the west bult the pack-a-punch machine .
what if he is talking about the guy who built the paralyzer ?
and can we do our 10 'provisionals ' immediately ?
and when do we get our border and other season rewards ?
i want to buy the soundtracks to the series digitally but do n't know if the expanded editions are the right ones to buy especially since the expanded edition for return of the king is the only one available .
just a little psa if a red poop that you destroy pops up on the punching bag he just dies instantly kinda sucky as i was so close to the end !
i 'm glad very glad to have you join this great subreddit .
i 'm going to assume you have come here to try and learn the basics of starcraft 2 after you saw all the hype floating around starcraft 2 legacy of the void .
in this post i 'll try to help you get through the beginning steps of learning starcraft 2 .
starcraft 2 is a very complicated game it 's very in-depth and has a steep learning curve .
but please do n't let that intimidate you from trying to understand everything .
everyone started somewhere in this subreddit and no matter what we 'll try to help you to the best of our ability .
before you start a game you can pick a race from the 3 that are available .
you have terran https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=fmu8psuddtq the human race .
zerg https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=lq74r7wwanq the weird creepy aliens and protoss https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=m0g0mpllfcs the ancient wizards .
you can also pick to play as random if you 're up to the challenge but i recommend sticking with one race for now .
the main objective of this game is pretty simple kill the opponent 's structures/units .
a game can be won by destroying all of your opponents structures but usually players surrender before that since they know there is no way they can win the game anymore staying in a lost game can be seen as bad mannered .
but there 's a lot to do before you can even start killing the opponent .
the most important thing of starcraft 2 is macro .
i 'll tell you some more about macro later on in this post .
at the start of a game you have exactly 12 workers they are there to mine the blue crystals called 'minerals ' for you .
with these minerals you will be able to build more workers buildings and ofcourse units .
for some structures or units you will also need vespene gas .
you can extract vespene gas from the cleverly named vespene gas gysers http i.imgur.com/fhrd9su.jpg .
the only problem being is that you need a structure on-top of these gysers to extract the gas .
that means that you need to keep building supply structures or for the zerg units .
at the beginning of the game you will need to build a supply unit/structure for you to be able to continue building workers and units .
try to keep building up supply so that you do n't get supply blocked later on in the game .
the maximum amount of supply you can have is 200 .
now that you know a little more about the basics let 's go into the deets of the 3 races we have in store for you .
nice job picking terran we already have something in common .
altough i was a dirty protoss player back in the days .
you will play with an army that has actually humans in it with gigantic space suits .
since i have a limited supply of text i can put here i 'd like to direct you to this a website that digs into the basics of the terran race click http us.battle.net/sc2/en/game/race/terran warning could be a little outdated .
you 'll probably be having a lot of fun controling this very aggressive race .
i recommend reading this guide about the basics of zerg click http us.battle.net/sc2/en/blog/5740264/game-guide-zerg-basics-2-1-2012 warning could be a little oudated .
you picked the race which lotv is all about .
you 'll be able to control the ancient and very cool protoss https youtu.be/8uymapr-g44 ? t=2m48s .
the basics of this race can be found here click http us.battle.net/sc2/en/game/race/protoss warning can be outdated
alright we 've arrived at the core mechanics in this game .
micromanagement is the process of controlling your units during the game .
macromanagement is the mechanic of getting your economy up to speed and getting a good army .
macro is basically the setting up using and stabilizing your economy .
from those 12 workers you get at the start you will be able to setup a great economy to make sure you get the money to build structures and army units .
you want to make sure you have your game planned before the start of a game .
the best way to do this for you newbies is to pick a build-order and sticking to it .
with these build orders you will be able to efficiently macro .
http lotv.spawningtool.com/build and click here http imbabuilds.com/guides/how-to-read-build-orders to learn how to read these build orders .
build orders are mostly used in multiplayer as it might not be as good during the campaign .
while micro might not be as important as macro it is still definitely something you need to know .
as a new player it will be very hard to remember doing actions and doing them at a quick speed .
that 's alright everyone on this subreddit had to learn it just like you .
micromanagement is basically a term used to describe controlling your units .
in this game you want to make sure you use your units abilities position them right for engagements and use the units you have available as much as you can .
liquidpedia our very own wikipedia explains very well what you can do with your units in a game of starcraft 2 .
you might not understand all of the terms used but other then that micro should make a little more sense .
there is a lot more to learn about starcraft besides what 's mentioned above and i 've created a list where you can learn those things
the r/starcraft subreddit has a nice tutorial for beginning players where you can find a lot of information click https www.reddit.com/r/starcraft/wiki/new wiki_mechanic_tutorials
there are also subreddits to learn more about specific races
if you have race-specific questions i recommend posting on one of the 3 subreddits listed above !
we have this awesome guy in the community called sean 'day 9 ' plott .
he is someone who shows us players how to improve our starcraft 2 gameplay through this stream .
here are some essential day 9 dailies that teach you newbies the essentials of starcraft 2
also you should totally watch this day 9 daily 100 where he gives some more insight into the sc2 community .
lagtv 's when cheese fails https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=yctmp84haik list=plujtwbndcv6tdp13rcxubwd8rtgfve6ln
u/nice__username 's how it looks vs how it feels https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=vf18_ickfnu list=plm18zsw5p4v6xtapd0fikvgfx6lx5dqgs
we just got done watching the grand finals of the starcraft 2 world championships series held at blizzcon .
it was pretty exciting to watch if i may say so myself .
starcraft 2 's esports scene is so big that i would n't be able to explain it all in this post luckily totalbiscuit was nice enough to make a guide about starcraft 2 esports in video form .
you can watch it here click https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=jsprgl4d1no warning could be oudated
well then that should be about it unless i 'm missing something really important .
thank you for reading all the way and good luck in legacy of the void !
i just beat z8 for the first time and i was wondering how to evo him for my a.yomi team .
i looked on padx and the requirements to evo are crazy .
is there away to get the pirate dragons besides doing z8 again and again ?
i 've barked depression for years and know that sometimes it can help to talk to someone who can understand what your going through .
2 no condoning self harm or any other destructive behavior .
this is a safe place to get things off your mind and help heal through companionship .
so if you feel like talking with people who are struggling through similar things would help or if you just want to try to help out some people who need it come on over to furrydepressionhelpline
hey i 'm making an iphone app in swift i wanted to see if someone wanted to make one with me .
this clan is kinda dead so im looking for some individuals who are willing to join .
im basically looking for some ppl that are active and will join in on our wars .
i want this clan to be casual and just for fun .
if you guys are interested send me a message thanks again
for over 3 decades nobody else sounds like nin .
when you hear nin you know right away who it is .
the closest artist i can come up with is some of the work from gravity kills but they still do n't have the trent reznor sound .
if only i had enough skill to turn the game around
short version partner has broken her wrist and totally shattered and dislocated her elbow when she fell down two flights of stairs due to water being on the steps .
she will be off work for at least 6 months 12 pending any complications with the surgery .
she was neither drunk or on drugs both tests done at hospital reflect this .
there was no sign saying slippery when wet '' anywhere to be seen and there were no attendants/police on the platform at all .
is there any way we could seek reimbursement for the duration of time she will have to be off work ?
tl dr shattered broken and dislocated elbow when falling down 2 flights of stairs at a train station .
edit she had alcohol in her system but it was below the legal limit 0.05
according to yik yak i know you can hear it from all the ridge walk colleges the village .
idk if warren and 6th can hear it but it seems to be coming from the east .
i 'm reaching out to this subreddit because it seems like the only appropriate place .
i 'm currently in vietnam looking to cut my teeth as an efl teacher .
i finished my celta course about a month ago .
though i have been searching for jobs i really have n't been .
i 've only put out a few applications and have n't even been to any interviews .
most if not all of my celta course mates have found jobs and i have n't even really begun my job search .
my problem is that i do n't know what i want but i know what i do n't want—based on the negative esl experiences of which there are many including schools that have ridiculous fines and a bad experience that my friend had when he taught in cambodia .
basically i have been kind of following my friends advice about not rushing into a job but this has amounted to nothing other than an inertia rooted in fear and indecisiveness clicking through job ads endlessly without necessarily liking any of them .
it seems ridiculous but i do n't want to teach children .
i fear they will take all the energy out of me and i will leave each class day as a zombie .
managing a classroom full of 5 year-olds seems also like a nightmare in itself .
i also fear for the mistreatment of teachers by management and having to work for the man and do lessons their way instead of what i think is best .
i fear that i will inevitably have to work evenings even though i am a morning person .
commitments such as work and school in the evening have been a source of anxiety for me in the past .
how are you supposed to enjoy your day before you work when the day does n't actually begin until the evening ?
i want to teach adults and/or teenagers preferably in the daytime .
i 've actually hit a serious low point recently and have been substance abusing and distracting myself with whatever i can to cope with this job search dilemma .
cultural adaptation may also be another added later to this stress .
i suppose it would have been different were i to have gotten a job before coming here but i had to take the celta course so that could n't have happened .
i should point out that i am generally a sharp person and when there is something i want i find all means necessary to achieve it .
but indecisiveness is something absolutely terrible and demoralizing for me that prevents me from taking a step in any direction simply for the fact that i do n't know where i 'm going or what to expect .
i 've taken risks before when it comes to accepting job offers and have been punished hard for them .
my fear is that i do n't want to end up serving time for a year .
i loved the news about duplicate and/or lower quality personal loot now being tradeable .
i 'm looking for some examples of outstanding business role models or business teachers/examples .
people like edwards deming clayton christensen thomas l. friedman jack welch
what argentine business leaders are the must read '' or must study '' examples for aspiring business leaders ?
who are the role models for someone wanting to grow as an executive in argentina ?
so in some steps the op provided a code that when broken would result in 5 characters that would be used as part of the imgur link containing the next step .
example the step is jump 3 times '' and when i crypto this message i get something like avhdt .
is it possible to guarantee that i will get avhdt url on imgur when submitting the image containing the next step ?
i 'm just trying to figure how would be possible to create the complex riddle that originated all the fuss last night .
i completely overlooked the possibility of using the imgur permalink as a seed to crypt the message
this does n't have to pertain to books specifically if there 's an example from a movie or something .
i am trying to think of all the possible motivations villains have .
they want something money or power or world domination .
like the joker they just exist to screw with you .
umm there 's the ones who do n't think they are doing evil .
or they do but it 's for the greater good kind of .
i think that big boss character from metal gear series would fit in to this where they are good but play the part of the villain so the hero can advance more or something .
i never played any mgs after the first one .
like a lion that is just trying to kill you or a tornado .
and..yeah i 'd be interested to see other forms of villains .
if anyone has one because i 'd like to read about a mold-breaker '' villain .
i 'm looking to pick up either a ps4 or xbone yet i 'm very much 50/50 between each as they both have exclusives i 'm interested in .
the deciding factor for me will be what console most people here on this sub own so i have local people to play online with and to possibly even make friendships out of it .
if so what type of games do you play online ?
my favourite genres are fps puzzle and adventure games .
hello i 'm currently working with rhetorics in school and we had to pick a subject to talk about and argue about .
i picked why pc is better than console and i 'm currently struggling to find arguments that i can tell in a way that everybody understands .
for the sake of the battle assume excalibur ca n't be cut by the lightsaber
i 'd be trading hilton and receiving calvin and the pick .
strapped into a rocket headed to the sun where i can initiate a violently explosive self-destruction .
ideally i 'd have a window to look back on the earth .
omg blumenfield 's 5bet shove with ak against a8 .
nah it 's when we find out keyser söze was the sled all along .
having built my new pc on saturday i do n't 'need ' anything hardware based so i 'd choose a new chair .
it will have over 100k miles at that price point .
if you change the timing belt and do the maintenance you can put another 100k on without any real problems .
ey if you give me a copy i 'll let you be a mod on my stream !
they should line up tip to tip so rick can get 4 at once .
i 'm sure they have some sort of protection .
it would be absolutely stupid for them to put them in there if they did not .
you wan na lay down and watch the stars again ?
i was wondering about that place i 'll have to check it out .
i can already scratch off space dementia from my list because i definitely could n't have done it better myself !
it 's the same basic story but i thought the movie had a different emphasis .
i think it 's perfectly reasonable to change a story to make a movie as a literal book on the screen would n't work at all well .
i think people who remember the 60s 70s and 80s might have different reactions to people who were n't even born then .
like when you watch a movie and want to say 'i 've been there ! '
i read the story of one of the men and he says he learned to breathe enough to be a lawyer for a few hours at a time
i think the boys are doing a good job keeping the show alive .
my only complaint is some of the new rickyisms seem like a bit of a stretch or they are trying to hard .
other than that i think the new seasons are hilarious and i ca n't wait for more .
in the us buy the national park service year pass and do a road trip around the country visiting them .
i do n't have an exact break down of cost but if you 're willing to camp and do n't need gourmet meals i 'm pretty sure it can be done for less than 10,000 including gas .
if you need to factor in getting a car you could probably do it even if you had to buy a 1000 2000 used car just a guess .
but checking from behind is actually a more severe penalty .
by rule there are only two options for cfb major game or match .
a piece of general advice do n't rent near unc .
students are annoying neighbours and the management companies run over people because they are used to getting away with it .
the most wtf part of this is that roof not collapsing .
then again i think materials have a different threshold for failure based on how pressure it applied .
it was n't because dallas were simply able to run for days and have good defense ?
rumor his it that it makes a big differece in def this time .
the irony is that the simpsons did that joke way back in 1991 .
does it look like i 'm going down the stairs ?
those numbers are useless without knowing how much they are making daily off keys .
more people will resort to gambling with keys if they ca n't directly but the item they want .
not every person but it seems like every other person in d1 is out to get him
how long do you approximate that each full clear took you on average ?
if it 's not too painful just latch baby to the most engorged i switched lo to the other boob when it began to leak .
and that helps just latch for a few minutes you do n't have to attempt to fully drain either side just stop the leaking by latching baby .
then you can have baby get their fill on the first boob .
if you 're hand expressing you should get some milk saver bags .
but continue to relieve the pain that way of its working for you .
if it 's not too painful just latch baby to the most engorged i switched lo to the other boob when it began to leak .
even if you 're expressing the one side and feeding on the other you can still offer that breast if lo wants .
your milk will always be there the amount of fullness you feel is only an indicator of how much you can store not produce .
yes he normally works out of a shop in colorado and was in town for the weekend .
i 'm watching reddit become conservative in real time and it 's happening under the guise of open mindedness .
god damn you skiddlz ... you 're really going to pull me back into this shit !
you mother fucker and i ca n't just pretend i did n't see this and move on my marry way because you just had to go and tag me in it .
well fine i suppose i will answer ... in a bit..busy right now
it looked like he was in the motion of jumping out at him when he went into the slide .
at the ridiculous speeds nfl players move at i could see this being accidental .
it looks like as the above poster said he was going for his legs but teddy dove .
you can still use skyre but chesko has intergrated the wayfarer perk into ff 3.0 .
so you need to deselect the esp for survivalism in your skyre patch .
re-melt it give it a hit of high-current electricity and it 's ready to go again .
yes unfortunately you can only import some of the standard libraries .
i 'm going to wait and see what the word is on mangold before i do though .
thanks you 're right and i 'm not even ashamed of it .
i feel like even through hours and hours of reading i 'm only moving an inch towards actual knowledge of the matter subject .
i will be pursuing opening a roth ira with vanguard in the next few days and looking into some of their index funds .
they saved you from running home to cry to momma .
it 's been so long since we scored more than 20
i saw some police cars at macleod and stoney in the sw at about the same time .
heh games of lps can be this discussed in the thread video post themselves but i know some topics are better off having their own thread .
just wanted to say my opinion no need to get smart ass
consoles do n't need the patch and they 've never taken down steam
i hope someone can prepare an analysis of the last 20 minutes gsme to commercial ratio
any mods wanted to comment on ideas for expanding this subs ' demographics a bit ?
it kinda fucked that this place is an even bigger sausage fest than parliament .
they should definitely concentrate on just tackling since they have n't been wrapping up very well .
my family has no idea about my grandmother 's financial situation nor have we yet spoken with anyone about our plans .
my fiancee was going to speak with our credit union in a week and see if she would be approved for the mortgage loan .
if they gave her the ok we would be laying it all out for my grandmother mother and uncle grandma 's two children .
if they were all on board and i have no reason to think they would n't be they love my fiancee more than me and it truly seems like the only way to take care of these issues we would then explain it to other members in the family .
the others being my sister my uncle 's wife and my three cousins .
my uncle and his brood are all out of state my mother lives with my grandmother my fiancee and i live a couple miles away and my sister and her family just recently moved back into town .
they are currently staying with family until they get a home .
if my grandmother dies and my fiancee and i do n't own the home we have no idea what will happen with my mother .
we do n't have a room in our apartment for her nor does my sister yet have a home .
we may well have to move and get a new place and have my mother move in with us .
if we were to own the home she would stay there and either my sister would move in and take over rent payments or my fiancee and i would .
i 'd rather take the hundreds of thousands to millions of dollars with less bullets flying at me .
stuff like this should give you an x day suspension immediately .
it 's already bad when it randomly happens because one guy does n't get his role but when it happens because of hate is just a whole different thing .
yeah but then i feel like i 'm never getting missions done ... think i need two saves .
one to dick around and destroy everything/everyone another to actually finish missions and stuff .
they did n't have rick lose his hand and judith is still alive so why would they go to the extreme with carl ?
or maybe you 're thinking about cocks too much ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°
see it was semi-realistic on my sneak thief archer character .
i could kill most of a bandit camp before anyone spotted me and then they 'd just say oh it 's nothing '' .
i have a new idea for the google doodle to generate revenue executive in meeting at google this morning
get your fallout on and take a break with some battlefront .
when the post was made there was a link to the comment either in a comment op made or the post itself .
it 's great to see a follow up from you two !
your work looks amazing i do n't think it 's the style im looking for though thanks anyway and again impressive keep it up !
3 i am grateful for the friendships i made during my play time
i have notice it a lot more often recently .
i get the contacting destiny servers '' and eventually im usually just booted .
this happens for a good 30 minutes then everything is good .
the other night i could n't get a full poe match in for a few hours .
trying to farm strange coins i just gave up .
also lot of silvers changed rank flair to fav team flair after mods introduced team flairs
so because you 're a patriot you vandalise another person 's property and fuckin put what gets majorly seen as a racist symbol on it
hanging a turkish flag on your own damn house is patriotism or i dunno a statue of ataturk is patriotic art not this bullcrap
the big case with this was hunter tylo getting pregnant while filming melrose place back in the 90s .
salaries should be looked locally than globally as cost of living in a region drives it a lot as well as talent pool and company competition .
if for london that is average then that it a good offer .
sign on bonus are from my experience on the infrequent side they do exist but unless you are drowning in offers they have no incentive to sweeten the pot .
stock i am not familiar with the laws on that but that could be a factor in why they do n't offer that last place i worked at was taiwanese owned and they told us that for us to get stocks we would either have to be a taiwanese citizen or use a taiwanese bank buy they stocks and manage the funds for us .
ap i 'm not too sure on but eso is short for allagan tomestone of esoterics we get allagan tomestones appear each patch as a currency for higher-level gear and esoterics happens to be the highest level available right now outside of top-end raiding .
there are glossaries of acronyms and initialisations used in the game around since there are so many used try searching for them .
crafting is n't vital you 're right about the quest gear it 's perfectly fine all the way through but it is fun .
if anything i 'd say if and when you do pick up crafting or gathering try to pick them all up and level them relatively equally .
spiritbonding is n't important for the most part it 's a nice little bonus in that once a piece is fully bound you can convert it into materia instead of vendoring it or discarding it .
if it 's gathering or crafting materia it can sell for a good chunk too depending on which type and which grade it is .
melding is just the act of putting materia into gear .
if someone mentions overmelding '' that refers to putting an extra materia on a piece of gear that already has all its slots filled it has a much lower success rate and destroys the materia on failure so it can be expensive to overmeld .
to obtain the new jobs you have to get to ishgard and to get there you have to have completed all the main story questline msq past patch 2.55 just keep plodding through and you 'll get there .
finally as a focus just do the msq and any side-quests you happen across if you want msq gives enough xp that you should n't have many stops and those you do come across you can do side-quests and dungeons to bridge that gap .
fates are also good the random events that happen on a map nice big purple icon in a blue area marker .
i would like to point out that wyoming alaska and montana have very low violent crime rates .
their high gun death rates are attributed to suicide .
my state wyoming is typically the top state in the nation for suicide .
i tend to blame other factors such as alcohol poverty and the lack of any resources as main culprits here .
it is easy to blame the firearm solely but the issue is so much more complicated than that .
i have the ali android app can i just use my debit card on there ?
is ali a safe platform or should i use something like paypal ?
it 's called sudden death '' for a reason .
you have a chance to stop them and score .
you sound more worked up '' than i 've got at any point in this thread .
well considering they do n't want to be a part of spain they probably do n't have much regard for spain 's constitution .
in addition to not having the energy to call i have severe severe phone anxiety .
i found a place that has online booking and it felt like they knew i needed them because i 'm that special right ?
but they called me anyway and were like we just need to confirm that it was you that booked the appointment online so if you could call us back ... '' like no .
who the fuck else is going to show up to my appointment ?
so now it 's a matter of calling them back ...
ummmm were gon na need a video of this for science
true the latest mark 2 's seem to have overcome these issues .
so many great hours shooting weirdos online with a battle rifle and tracking rocket launchers .
the same could be said about pepe considering we might not get wizard .
kozmo is the safest bet right now as they are clearly the best deck currently and they still have 10 cards coming up .
playing on a gtx 770 2gb and i 'm getting 70 100 fps with a couple adjusted settings .
i love that op described it as a chasm . ''
makes me picture one of their drunk friends at a party accidentally stepping out the door and then nooooooooooooooooo ... '' falls into blackness
same weekend as 4ot game was gt vs fsu .
spurriers 's first coaching job after leaving uf was gt qb coach .
duke was involved in the miami 8 lateral play .
edit for clarity spurrier 's first coaching job was uf qb coach than left to become gt qb coach
it lets you know that the other person read your message hahaha which is why the r for read '' is next to my message in green .
what 's the point of having an r next to his messages ?
wait you ca n't use the built in mic on the gamepad ?
whoa this sounds incredibly and ironically relevant arctic+vikings+airship ? ? ? ? .
and whaddya know there 's a copy at the library although it 's on hold already boo
it 's a simple case of spending a significant number of generations with little or no cross-breeding between the divergent branches .
i 'm slightly surprised 2000 years is considered short enough for that to occur .
my name is aaron and i get these a-aron references from my friends all day long
skyrim either you have to edit the .ini file .
also it would be best if you posted screenshots to back up your claim .
people said black ops 3 did n't support ultrawide but in fact it did .
edit thanks for posting a screenshot and adding the .ini file edit .
you can pull it back just a bit so it is rested away from the primer and only comes off by pulling it back.
not sure if explaining that right i do n't words and things but i have one of these and it does just fine.
just teleport to south port that island in the south and police will be everywhere just drive around until you find one i normally spawn crashing into one if i teleport to a race there .
these drives do not seem to have overheating issues .
the proper m.2 variants read not this one do potentially have overheating issues but the sticker is probably the straw that broke the camel 's back .
fumbbls secret league will be implemented at some point .
a major overhaul of the l eague division is coming allowing custom rosters .
just curious is there any game that benefits from 16gb ram currently ?
thinking of upgrading it 's just like 50 bucks right
turned out that he had been prescribed the wrong medication the entire duration of school and last i saw he seemed like a fairly regular guy trying to score a little weed .
and we 've had one or two people confess to being down voters before our words caught the in our devilish snare .
and they do n't draw noodles on the cups either it is a war on fsmism !
and they do n't have a picture of your mom on the cup so it is a war against her !
and there is no upvote symbol so that 's a war against upvotes !
am i supposed to just let them beat the shit out of me ?
this might be a really dumb question ... but does this make jellyfish a little less like animals '' and more like plants ?
plants are living things but in an entirely different way to creatures .
they seem to live by reacting to their conditions rather than having a degree of free will .
anyway i reckon the catalans themselves are not as unanimous about supporting secession in practice as they are painted to be .
so she 'll have to restart cause there is n't enough space to move the mouse .
i think it 's fair to say there 's quite a difference between their actions .
my chief concern at the moment is actually finishing the mod .
i will be sure to provide details on this soon .
the real shelter author is has been working on a version of real shelter for campfire frostfall 3 .
i 'm not sure if it 's been finished .
i provided him several functions he requested in order to facilitate this .
cot 5.0 should be completely compatible with frostfall 3 .
frostfall 3.1 will see deeper support for the winter edition version of cot .
hey septic im going to have to ask you to leave now .
this is the internet so we have to be mindful of other shemples safe spaces .
if you want i should have a recording of that but he said it in italian anyway
took me less than 10s to realize you 're another one of those idiots sheepishly following along downvoting a single user even on posts made weeks ago or on thread posts that did n't even contain anything worth remotely downvoting .
i 'm currently not very interested in playing this game and i 'm not even a bb captain .
i tried to comment there like you said but could only comment here !
a big part of the electorate has been brainwashed for the past 20 years with this anti-spanish rhetoric .
and some of it is absolutely justifiable but a lot of it is based on this fantasy that all their problems would be solved if they secede .
part of me would love to see what happens especially in regards to immigration but as a spaniard albeit born and mostly raised in the us i do n't want any destabilization to occur in spain .
i would like to say thank you for making such an awesome tweak and giving it away free .
the invoker set allows you to hit 600 of your thorns dmg on the first hit of either slash or punish with the 6 piece bonus when you combine that with the new heart of iron that allows you to get gain thorns 200 of your vitality along with existing weapons like hack adding at max 100 thorns dmg on every attack amp amp vo'toyias spiker causing enemies affected by provoke to take double dmg from thorns mix that with the iron maiden passive topaz from what i understand is going to have a higher cap on ranged amp amp melee attackers taking more dmg per hit .
i dunno the akkhan set is nice but i 'm building a goddamn thorns crusader first .
edit amethyst give more life per hit topaz i believe stays the same .
so disregard this detail amp in it 's place i 'll mention the new thorns legendary gem
2nd edit upon further inspection topaz has been changed gives 20,000 thorns dmg at highest level when socketed in a weapon
sketched my cat doobi while coming down from a 200ug trip..
as it turns out he was in england all along .
we 're just a mardy bunch of bastards sometimes .
your post has been removed today is our once a quarter journal day in which we only allow journal articles .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/economics if you have any questions or concerns .
i think the biggest problem with u y is that if you want to swap something out for a flex sub you might have to rework the entire team .
they 're incredibly difficult to build a good team for because of the number of things you have to cross off the checklist .
other leads have one or even two flex spots that they can freely use for whatever they need .
still i 've been trying a bunch of combinations and i think i have the ideal team
7 skill boosts so u y are up turn 1
two ways to unbind the leads neither of which are great but better than nothing .
volsungr 's active lowers his damage and dkali 's but most of the damage should be coming from the leads and famiel anyway .
the last 6 latents can go to the remaining 3 elements and 3 skill delay resists .
i thought about how kids will feel when their friends are getting ready for baptism and they ca n't .
i thought about those baptized kids asking adults why their friend ca n't be baptized too ?
oh it 's because their daddy is gay and that 's a big bad sin ''
now how will those kids of gay/lesbian families will be treated by their peers ?
watching as their guy friends get the priesthood but they ca n't if male of course .
of course this is hypothetically if those kids even went to church .
the reboot was fantastic and made me a big fan of the new franchise after never really caring about the older tomb raider games .
hope it does n't get too overshadowed by fallout .
i have both games ready to play tomorrow and i 'm honestly more excited to play this .
faster to shut if off to central valley ag .
nothing wrong with achieving bronze after half a year i was bronze 5 in season 3 when i started .
you have plenty of time to improve next season anyway .
it serves as a reminder that you have room to improve yourself .
seriously the most important lesson i have learnt in lol is to take responsibility for your mistakes .
you went in for a fight that you could n't win or you blind checked a brush or you got caught out .
all you need to really do is identify what caused these mistakes and make sure that you are more conscious of these common mistakes you tend to make and make sure you try not do it again .
so for example you got ganked by the enemy mid laner it is n't your mid laners responsibility to ss/ping .
you need to look at you map and understand that the enemy mid laner was missing and you needed to fall back just in case .
that would have saved your life so you start checking your mini-map more often p
i saw that you did n't take me up on my offer to take rest days out of my program and i think i may know why .
he had to know his stand-up fans would be the first to support his show .
he could n't take the louis ck route and write a new hour for his tv show ?
with amazon adding warehouses and expanding to the point of being able to offer same day delivery in some areas they might as well offer brick-and-morter service too .
i 've made everything coherent and tried to condensed it as much .
i 've proofread through my writing and said everything in much details as best as i possibly can without being able to re-phrase or condense .
edit i 'm sorry yeah i was seriously scattered and saying things everywhere .
as someone else mentioned i 'd be baffled as to why he 'd want a last name barely anyone can pronounce or spell .
i 'd also have reservations as my last name is from my father who i hate .
thanks for your submission but it has been removed for the following reason
a link to a reddit comment a tweet a quote etc .
or provide more context for your issue to better illustrate the loop out of which you 're finding yourself .
just edit it into your post and message the mods http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2foutoftheloop when you 're done .
we 'll be sure to get your post right up !
if you feel this was in error or need more clarification please do n't hesitate to message the moderators http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2foutoftheloop .
something that 's interesting to me about colour blindness .
even if you see the colour differently would n't you still it the same thing ?
like for example you get taught the colour red '' but the red you see is what we 'd call green ''
you see green but you 'd still call it red and if i asked you what colour is my shirt '' and it was red you 'd probably still say red '' right ?
yeah this actually came up in class when we read great expectations .
perhaps my own personal preference but i think steinbeck and the great russian authors punch through to the core of what it means to be human often very bleakly in a way that truly resonates with me more .
it 's not quite just a matter of plot point pacing .
i do n't know if this sub does change my mind about x author/book/genre '' threads but i would like to see one on dickens !
keep the gun in a safe to keep the kid safe .
i 'm pretty sure you 'll be able to play it how smooth it will go is another matter however .
also beth will probably release a free hd texture pack soon after the release of the game like they did with skyrim and even if they wo n't the modders will anyway .
the usability of it will depend on the amount of vram your card has onboard which is another factor to consider when planning an upgrade .
it 's not unmixed it 's just not finished mixes or mastered .
if i believed that women were always truthful about wanting a good guy '' then i would have to conclude that i 'm not a good guy .
yeah but they probably have other requirements on top of a good guy '' .
they 're not attracted to every single good guy it 's a smaller subset of good guys that also fulfill other criteria .
if someone says i want a laptop '' they might have a bunch of other criteria in mind battery life os gpu size .
it does n't mean they 're lying about wanting a laptop .
i mean she used to live with like seven other dudes .
but then i was always pretty open minded . ''
i think if i played this jus once my life would be complete lol where the fuck do you live bro
i read and buy digital dc comics through comixology but nope they do n't have anything like marvel unlimited and it seems like they do n't plan to since every time they are asked about it in cons their answer is always there are no plans at this moment '' .
he 's probably using a uk date order where it 's the 9th of november,2015 .
as opposed to the us system where it 's november 9th,2015 or 11-9-2015 .
if movies do n't make enough money wb will cancel dceu .
even those numbers are far far difficult to achieve if rt is less than 60 .
and bvs will definitely have a low rt score .
i could have told them that if they asked always pick magic mushrooms after it 's rained !
well it 's not the same as leaving outside .
inside the car will be hotter than outside which is also the reason to not leave babies animals or old people inside a locked car on a hot day .
i would suggest emailing the manufacturer and asking politely .
do you not understand the concept of a trap game ?
so i just called ups and they have no idea where my package is .
whereas my friend will receive his dell today i am in the dark about where it is .
ups is telling me to go to dell but no one really knows anything ?
a girl i grew up with got pregnant at 18 .
she apparently was on the pill they had used a condom and she had taken the morning after pill..
the possibility of getting pregnant even after all that no matter how slim the chance terrifies me .
thanks that 's a great idea bringing different troops you wan na learn with your raid and watch how they move definitely gon na be doing this with hogs and loons
unfortunately you will now be stuck at toa hard floor 67 .
'' no everything is fine sc2 is best game ever nothing can touch us ''
these people are finally beginning to understand what rick and company were talking about and finally beginning to process just how naive they were .
in some cases they took the easy way out .
the walker inside the house that jessie killed for example .
some of the alexandrians are so overwhelmed that they selfishly take their own lives hoping to avoid the gruesome end they imagine is inevitable and inadvertently endanger others .
or like deanna they realize just how incompetent they truly were this whole time and tap into a false sense of misdirected and misguided anger banging on the fence to motivate themselves into getting to rick 's level .
the characters we know and love were past this phase .
but seriously if carol useless as she was in the first two seasons can evolve into a mega badass let 's hold out hope the alexandrians can before condemning them .
i 'm gay but even i think there kind of low hanging fruit these days .
because they hate absolutely everyone but are completely inefectual at making any kind of scary change or violence .
they seem more like a comedy act rather than an actual hate group .
how has russia used this to win '' against the us over all these years ?
how good of a strategy is it if it takes 50 years and does n't exactly yield any appreciable results for the implementer ?
you learn stuff every day maybe its just because of how much scrutiny cops have been under since the michael brown shooting that made me think like that .
if anything there has been an increased hate for cops in lhe last few years.though .
if that cow ever got the chance he would eat you and everyone you 've ever cared about
does r/cfb really belive that msu did n't get dicked in the ass on that last play ?
any amount of contact that could conceivably cause the receiver to go out of bounds means that the receiver can still be eligible so long as they come back in immediately .
this video clearly shows it was the right call https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=2o5esy3ydok .
you really did n't start off so hot but you 're looking a little better now so that 's good . ''
thank you so much i 've been trying to find this book for a very long time !
and the covers match by the way i found the edition i read and it matches my description .
i just wish people could use 4 lane motorways .
and people that tailgate you in average speed zones when there is heavy traffic in every lane and then attempt undertakes .
or as another poster suggested have them stored in the wardrobe as skin specific charges so that they no longer require actual inventory space ?
i think you should wrote the contributor 's consent maybe above the content or after the content to prevent possible plagiarism/content stealing '' reports .
might be better to screenie the approval for proof and attach it as imgur link but if that disturbs the aesthetics on your website text is fine too d
and the worst part is it 's like he 's not even trying .
he 's so nonchalant about it like this shit just happens .
when he actually turns it on it 's going to be fucking scary .
there are 3 types of man those who can count and those who ca n't .
here 's some advice from a graphic design firm owner .
https youtu.be/6h3rjhoqgk8 ? t=58 it 's very applicable to any contractor work .
and he still has his defenders who call for him to be unbanned in the lol sub .
that guy continues to show how much of a shit head he is and yet no matter what he does he 's always gon na have some disciples .
though i would argue that smartphones/laptops/tablets are probably the gateway '' into technology for both genders haha .
i 'm surprised it 's only set for 200 !
look at what happened when a suzuki swift drove into a group of people a few years ago https nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/aanslag_op_koninginnedag_2009
so tell me again how the evil suv killed everyone .
editing videos and making montages are quite different in my eyes .
i have decent recording/editing software i edit videos and i 've actually gone to school for digital arts .
i 'm not going to rip on other people 's work per say but just because i do n't add cc bass shakes and some blur to videos that this makes me worse than him at editing .
besides 80 of the effects used from these montages come from freaking youtube tutorials .
i say prepubescent because they are 12-year olds have been making montages for ages now it 's simply non-content in my eyes .
does n't add much value aside from an ego-boost to the creator in which fanboys can revel .
if no one thought of the stepbrothers prestige worldwide '' scene you guys have n't watched the right films .
that 's how i feel because of replay now .
i doubt everything because there 's a replay every time that if something cool happens i have to wait til it 's confirmed to celebrate which sucks the joy out of it
one guy i knew was sure that japanese people lined up at airports regularly to shame westerners visiting .
where ... in the world ... .did this guy come up with this ridiculous idea ?
i bought ap on every champion because i thought it only strengthened your abilities ad only strengthened your auto attacks
first song i ever heard from them and what made them my all-time favorite band 3
there was a pyro standing right in front of it did no one else see her ?
of the two of us i think i 'm definitely the lucky one .
i 'm still kinda salty about that tucker thing but at this point i ' just grateful he did n't get injured
i 'm bit of a collector myself but i always laugh at my sparrow collection because i 'm not even going to attempt to get them .
175 marks they are a sham of a price and then the coins on top to buy the coils to upgrade them ?
as for the ships i have gotten 2 since ttk launched .
one was the new do ship that i got 2-3 days after launch and another was a rare that i found in a chest doing cosmo patrol think its called the crypt hammer .
but aside from that i have n't seen any other ship .
have n't even seen them drop for others in crucible or strikes either .
my one regret is that i never got the chasing infinity from the original queen 's wrath and that they never added it back for how
he is not the best striker or number 10 option on our team martial and mata are .
someone can explain the rip devil '' in bob ross stream ?
i ca n't believe i 've never heard this solution before .
it 's the most simple elegant fair solution to ot i 've ever heard .
drugs is a good one because of the all-stats up .
in the backup plus slim its the samsung spinpoint m9t
what if the whole last chapter was literally just coyote lying through his teeth ?
what if the real way things happened was totally different and results in characters turning out totally differently ?
what if coyote telling us this story and having us all believe it for all of this time made it just a little bit less of a fiction and a little bit more of a history ?
what if we 're never told which version of events happened and which is a fabrication ?
what if we 're left with two stories each believed by a portion of the audience ?
what if moving forward there are two stories the real series of events and one made up by coyote but we do n't know which is which so our belief makes them equally true ?
then one day fire-headed annie who has been living a stable and healthy life learning how to live with her father and dealing with her school troubles meets a quiet girl with short red hair a broken heart and so much anger .
i 'm pretty sure my 1 year old knows the song .
likely in a year or so although i did snapchat a couple of my betters who got to have fun with wooden blocks .
instead after my techniques were tested i ended up being used as a crash test dummy for a more advanced practitioner this is generally discouraged you should perform your techniques on someone above you not below as the lower wo n't know how to mitigate any damage from the technique at the request of our grandmaster .
also got put up to spar against somebody higher up the chain than myself absolutely wiped the mat with the guy .
it 's like he got lost in this sub and does n't know how to humor .
we also do n't know what 's in our future .
right now i have no need of social welfare or the education system but i may again .
right now i thankfully have no need of a hospital bed but that could change .
if you agree with the state that fine gael want to build then vote for them .
if you do n't then vote for a vision that better accords with yours .
but please do n't ignore policies because they do n't effect you .
they effect everyone ultimately none of us are islands nor do we know what lies ahead .
i assumed since the dialogue box says updating fallout 4 '' that it was actually downloading a small chunk of data but maybe not .
i have a gtx 970 i7 4790k and 16 gb of ram .
i went from having 150 constant fps to it changing from 50 to 100 in seconds constantly .
this was n't just from this patch several patches ago it started but yea its getting kind of ridiculous .
frankly i would just put the legs on both tables and set them in the l-shaped arrangement .
the linnmon tops are good for what they are but they are not high-quality solid wood pieces that will support extra weight cantilevered off the side .
i have a pair of linnmon tops and with matching legs on both they line up just fine .
i do n't think this will be an unpopular opinion necessarily .
i do think she is very versatile and capable of doing a variety of concepts as proven through puretty april and all of kara project so to me it 's less that she does n't fit it and more that she should be in a group or have an avenue to show off a variety of colors '' something i do n't think april will afford her .
she was my favorite and as much as i enjoy dream candy '' somin was the only one who really grabbed my attention .
the others are sweet and cute but do n't have her talent or stage presence .
i think she has a bright career ahead of her as an idol or otherwise .
why is that trend not linking sources but rather just referring to a random institute even a thing ?
not going to hunt on sri.com for the correct article kek .
great guy saves animals ' lives even has a nonprofit now .
typed in the subreddit instead of clicking over to it .
people refer a competitive scene in tf2 as there is a competitive scene ?
also sad to say valve has shunned competitive tf2 for many years competitive is largely hosted and played within the community .
we do n't get stickers or money sponsored by valve for any internationals and due to the lack of support we do n't have any majors .
though with matchmaking i really hope this will change .
divide and conquer is what the 1 are doing .
no one especially no students exercising right to speech should be judged just on basis of short video clip .
you could keep the around for snaking clogs out of the drain .
your post has been removed because you did not include a correct tag at the beginning of your title .
without this i 'm not able to assign the appropriate flair .
please re-submit your post with one of the following tags in the title .
your post will also be removed if the title is in all caps or if there are less than 2 words in the title not including the tag .
if you 're unsure of what tag to use then question or discussion would probably work for most borderline cases .
release new tweaks that have just been released or submitted
discussion jailbreak related discussions where anyone can give their opinion .
for example favorite/recommended tweaks tweak concepts tweak configurations etc .
request requests for a tweak to be made or updated
note if you wish to use multiple tags please do not split '' your tags like this question/discussion .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/jailbreak if you have any questions or concerns .
i would n't mind microtransactions if it was cosmetics but the way they put it from a philosophical point of view makes me far more optimistic about the future of the game .
tbh while i do n't agree with the whole coma dream concept i do agree this makes sense alongside it .
eh i 'd be surprised if the list was all that different from that list honestly .
the fuck i guess you consider someone screaming after every play they make cool ?
i traded gurley and obj for j. charles and travis benjamin .
this was a week before gurley broke out and charles tore his acl .
i picked up c. west and diggs so i kinda bounced back but the pain is still there .
lol saying that hillary 's policies mostly align with sanders as if hillary actually has any policies that deviate from what 's immediately most popular .
i got him in a journey pack and i think he 's super effective in a 4-3 .
i was misusing him at first in a 3-4 and he was trash but ever since i changed he gets at least 1 sack a game ... .plus i love when the crowd yells suuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuhhhh ''
my first mtg game was a multiplayer game at my friend 's house with all these crazy '' cards on his dining room table .
they gave me a deck and asked me to play and i was hooked on the multiplayer !
then mtgo came out and i continued playing multiplayer formats such as 2hg .
we all know the client was buggy but we could play a game anytime we wanted until ... ..v4 came out !
before v4 one could play 2hg games one after the other all day long .
when v4 arrived entire clans left mtgo which added wait times for 2hg .
wait times for a v4 2hg could be any where between five minutes if you were lucky to waiting 45 minutes and the game not firing at all .
i 'm gon na miss the 2hg format and made some good connections while playing .
it seems that wizards just wants to keep players that buy tournament entries and push the other towards this direction .
i ca n't convince you if you ca n't sit through more than 5 minutes of fury road i think movies are n't for you .
for me 289 ds and 2 gohan ssj sr and a lot of crap maybe 35 r 's 'c
i thought that was just india during british occupation .
5:30 hour difference so you only had to wear your watch upside-down for it to be accurate locally .
instead of ordering a slice i ordered a whole pizza .
i had one slice and gave the rest to a homeless guy who started swearing at me threatening to kill my family .
was a short lived trip but had fun nevertheless .
disappointed with myself that i did n't get to play ray or kevin despite being with them all day lol .
5th place is ... ok but my performance vs. cloud was sloppy .
generally speaking i 'd always want the best player in a trade .
if there 's anything decent on your wire it should be worth doing as long as you do n't think klay can get to a top 25 value on the season which i do n't think he will .
this would more of a slam dunk move in a 10 teamer though .
people buy them for the fashion statement not the sound .
a flywheel is a rotating mechanical device that is used to store rotational energy .
yes the clutch bolts to it and the starter engages on it but starter engagement is not it 's primary function/feature .
it is used to buffer/smooth '' spinup and spindown of the motor for increased driveability .
gross gore is a snake lol however its true he 's the only eu streamer i like watching because he actually has a personality
after reading newspaper and staying in mumbai for a year..
i looked up and i think only ronda 's odds come close to this .
originally posted mar 28 2012 for the 15th brussels short film festival
here it is posted again 2012 in short film competition .
please read this message in its entirety before taking action .
your post has been removed as it either violated rule 1 http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_1 or rule 2 http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_2 .
please check that your post does n't contain the following issues
your own answer to the question goes in the comments as a reply to your own post .
your post will not be approved unless your own answer is removed from the text box .
you must post a clear and direct question and only the question in your title .
your post ca n't be specific to your situation or involve a story .
please make sure to depersonalize your question and remove any unnecessary context before posting it again .
use the text box to explain your question if necessary but do not use it to share an answer add unnecessary context to the question or include your personal story .
as the submitter any answers or stories go in the comments section as a reply to the post .
this is to allow for users to distinguish between the question being asked and the submitter 's answer when voting .
please note once posted the titles can not be edited .
if your title breaks the rules please feel free to make a new post that fits within the rules .
when you 've removed the answer or unnecessary context from the textbox message the mods for review and reapproval http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2faskreddit subject=post+review+request message=my+post+was+removed+under+rule+1 please+review 3a 0d 0a 0d 0ahttp 3a 2f 2fwww.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/3s4pd3/askreddit_is_there_a_sub_where_you_can_send and ask the moderators to re-approve it .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
that 's kind of the relationship though is n't it ?
cortana spends the entire series telling master chief to go here do this you need to stop the thingy exploding the thingy watch out for the covenant up ahead .
certainly there are things that master chief initiates on his own like launching the bomb into the covenant cruiser at the start of halo 2 but if you 're going to talk about who makes the plan and the decisions it 's cortana .
it 's absolutely in character for her to decide a course of action is for the best and execute it without john 's endorsement .
and of course this is all very much in keeping with her being based off dr halsey .
deciding to do what she thinks best and bloody-mindedly stamping down all other concerns is n't just something catherine halsey would do it 's pretty much her entire characterisation .
it also adds in the effect of taming effectiveness .
the less damage they take the more taming effectiveness they will have .
i use tranq darts and i have 7 perfect takes because of the low damage it does .
i tried to use the scorpion method on a quetzal and it ended up dying so i lost the chance to tame a 116 quetzal .
here 's a link to an archived post credit to r/lavernicadeluca
when i write belief i do not mean religious beliefs .
basically yeah doesnt really say what the hybrid does .
but two warrior races come together to create the ultimate warrior .
davros is that guy by survivin all these years .
davros created the daleks which could be the army with davros as the leader .
it does not matter if they are 1 6 or 10 millions it does not matter at all .
i have business in anything that could damage my people .
oh really i was thinking mournings ends would be like 3 hrs a piece lol .
main thing im worried about are puzzles i suck at them
yay i would be so happy if i won omg !
francesco perfetti 's research published in the sept/oct 2002 issue of nuova storia contemporanea which he carried on both the king 's papers and his son 's shows that the former as commander-in-chief of the royal army too was well aware of it and backed a failed palace coup in march of 1940 aimed at replacing a now war-hungry mussolini with a far more docile loyalist ciano in his place .
that 's very probably another reason the guy was executed in 1943 !
the maximum level is determined by the highest gr you 've completed 2 or something .
in the sentence you 're considering hipster is the adjective and mentality is the noun .
and lol at your definition of golden period '' .
they 're downvoting you but you 're 100 right .
load up a custom grab an ar and stand in front of a wall .
move to the side a little and repeat for ads crouch no ads and crouch ads .
there is no penalty to hip fire '' as holmes said .
except that was 343-speak for but there 's a nice big bonus to using your ads ! ''
let me know how that turns out and share recipe ?
i 've made two granatówka in the past year and post-aging i got all the flavours but the pomegranate itself coming out .
smooth and beautiful and 114 proof but not what i wanted ha .
god damn i have not enjoyed reading a reddit post this much in a long long time .
from the content of the post right down to your username .
yeah if you hide under a desk or in a locker too often it learns .
after you spray it a few times to scare it away you can merely aim the flamethrower at it and instead of charging you it will just stand there staring at you and hissing .
it 's absolutely blood but i think it still means there is a weak spot in the wall .
i 'm using this clock http rainmeterhub.com/skins/1-line-clock but would like to add a display for seconds in addition to hours and minutes .
if not is there another good clock out there that has a seconds display ?
it 's not even that broken outside of having to type gg every level .
well you never found out '' anything you just contemplated and reached a personal conclusion .
sure feels weird not being on the receiving side of this image .
found that one but it 's defiantly not it .
the 20 http www.youtube.com/watch ? v=x5ajfebzkrm t=0m20s mark for example shifts completely http www.youtube.com/watch ? v=khtwu14cxca t=0m20s from what you posted regarding the orchestral arrangement .
the main them is melancholy while the music utilized in the launch trailer is not .
toss a bunch of kids in a room and they 're much more likely to get violent than to start fucking .
what kid plays behind a fence at a gas station ?
reverse slavery '' would surely just be freedom '' since reverse '' means opposite or contrary '' and slavery is ... well fucking slavery .
wal-mart has more fresh food than aldi by a mile .
cooking your own meals with whole foods is also extremely expensive when you add up all the ingredients and it also costs time .
considering canadian citizenship did not exist as a legal concept this is not surprising
we also installed the cheaper fibreglass pools as well which also arent great but are cheap .
early on he did do some vinyl pools but the quality just isnt good enough
i mean your epic does n't even work til 50 ... it 's obviously a great weapon but there 's some very comparable stuff available for not too expensive .
head to city of mist and get a group !
spent many levels there myself underequipped and it worked out just fine .
there is a flap with a clear window for my dl which also helps secure my credit and bank cards .
no homo except that i suck penis but other than that little thing basically no homo ! ! ! ''
first result http forums.anandtech.com/showthread.php ? t=232303 hardware issues not the game .
second result http www.giantbomb.com/fallout-3/3030-20504/forums/the-game-keeps-freezing-on-pc-440834 problem appears then disappears for a month before reoccuring .
hard to say if this was the game or otherwise .
but as users noted an .ini change will fix the issue .
this was also a year or so after release not sure why it 's popping up .
rest of the page is not related to bugs or is related to consoles .
get to page 3 and you have a guy crashing every 4 minutes somehow ... http www.eurogamer.net/forum/thread/129003 but it surely is the game right ?
what i 'm saying is you 've got a lot of people who talk about the games being buggy but not a lot of people talking about actual bugs .
follow link here » watch the last witch hunter online free full movie http imgur.com/exsnysh
follow link here » watch the last witch hunter online free full movie http imgur.com/exsnysh
follow link here » watch the last witch hunter online free full movie http imgur.com/exsnysh
follow link here » watch the last witch hunter online free full movie http imgur.com/exsnysh
follow link here » watch the last witch hunter online free full movie http imgur.com/exsnysh
follow link here » watch the last witch hunter online free full movie http imgur.com/exsnysh
follow link here » watch the last witch hunter online free full movie http imgur.com/exsnysh
follow link here » watch the last witch hunter online free full movie http imgur.com/exsnysh
follow link here » watch the last witch hunter online free full movie http imgur.com/exsnysh
follow link here » watch the last witch hunter online free full movie http imgur.com/exsnysh
follow link here » watch the last witch hunter online free full movie http imgur.com/exsnysh
follow link here » watch the last witch hunter online free full movie http imgur.com/exsnysh
follow link here » watch the last witch hunter online free full movie http imgur.com/exsnysh
follow link here » watch the last witch hunter online free full movie http imgur.com/exsnysh
follow link here » watch the last witch hunter online free full movie http imgur.com/exsnysh
follow link here » watch the last witch hunter online free full movie http imgur.com/exsnysh
follow link here » watch the last witch hunter online free full movie http imgur.com/exsnysh
follow link here » watch the last witch hunter online free full movie http imgur.com/exsnysh
follow link here » watch the last witch hunter online free full movie http imgur.com/exsnysh
follow link here » watch the last witch hunter online free full movie http imgur.com/exsnysh
follow link here » watch the last witch hunter online free full movie http imgur.com/exsnysh
follow link here » watch the last witch hunter online free full movie http imgur.com/exsnysh
follow link here » watch the last witch hunter online free full movie http imgur.com/exsnysh
follow link here » watch the last witch hunter online free full movie http imgur.com/exsnysh
follow link here » watch the last witch hunter online free full movie http imgur.com/exsnysh
follow link here » watch the last witch hunter online free full movie http imgur.com/exsnysh
follow link here » watch the last witch hunter online free full movie http imgur.com/exsnysh
follow link here » watch the last witch hunter online free full movie http imgur.com/exsnysh
follow link here » watch the last witch hunter online free full movie http imgur.com/exsnysh
follow link here » watch the last witch hunter online free full movie http imgur.com/exsnysh
follow link here » watch the last witch hunter online free full movie http imgur.com/exsnysh
follow link here » watch the last witch hunter online free full movie http imgur.com/exsnysh
follow link here » watch the last witch hunter online free full movie http imgur.com/exsnysh
follow link here » watch the last witch hunter online free full movie http imgur.com/exsnysh
follow link here » watch the last witch hunter online free full movie http imgur.com/exsnysh
follow link here » watch the last witch hunter online free full movie http imgur.com/exsnysh
follow link here » watch the last witch hunter online free full movie http imgur.com/exsnysh
follow link here » watch the last witch hunter online free full movie http imgur.com/exsnysh
go watch the first blizzcon final between artosis and krip
growing up we had a big pond in our backyard with some goldfish in it and the biggest one was about a foot long .
one day crows caught him and that was the end of him .
so for me isolating the variable means looking at england and the us .
non black/latinos in the us show similar numbers to england with many times more guns ?
11,961 total number of homicide victims in the us 2014
6,095 – total number of black homicide victims in the us 2014 51
1,871 – total number of latino homicide victims in the us 2014 16
7,966 – total number of black latino homicide victims in the us 2014 67
3,995 – total non-black and latino homicide victims in the us 2014 33
population of england is 53,000,000 or 1/6th the us population
six times the total english homicide victims is 3,222 versus us 3,995 non-latino black homicide victims or 20 greater number in the us .
with over 50,000 people killed in the war against the cartels in mexico and south of that border it would be naïve not to think that spill over would raise the us numbers a bit versus england which is an island with no wars on its borders .
this is why i see lead as the root problem and better policing and laws as secondary exponents .
it makes no sense to me to focus on the exponent and not the root number .
we are focusing on the wrong lead i think we need a lead cleanup lobby and i would bet the nra gun control groups and lawmakers can get behind that .
that 's pretty neat commenting to save this i 'm on mobile !
looks like darryl and abraham are sharing an episode next week .
it 's 70 usd so i 'm just staring at the buy button and silently crying because i ca n't .
the ones on 35 coming into corpus on your left eh ?
when j was little just the sight of those at night added some strange sense of wonder and mystery .
they 're hitting the 20th anniversary this year and last time we saw hoenn we saw kanto too .
a yellow remake would finally make sense since hgss like gsc we 're based on red as he was in yellow not red or blue/green ... and as a single remake as opposed to the pairs we 've gotten so far they could finally give us the true kanto pokémon distribution .
not only that but koffing is only in oras and ekans is only in xy while both were absent from yellow originally for reasons .
plus that would encourage a future platinum remake only rather than a resplit one or worse paired sinnoh remakes that ignore platinum like oras ignored emerald .
definitely was thinking about that myself after i played execution recently .
aye five minutes with a screw driver and 4 spent at ace and it never happened again .
second it is n't something to be embarrassed about .
are you doing this these classes and major because you want to or because ... .. this is what you think you should do ?
if you wait a year or two all of the bugs will be fixed and it 'll be half the price .
i just bought fallout 3 goty for 10 i 'm all set !
for sure either depths ii by silent planet or suicide season by bmth .
both of those songs have such amazing focus on the vocals as well as some really intense buildups .
did you know that almost exactly the same question was asked an hour ago ?
i 've lost track of the amount of times this has been posted in the last few days .
you mean you took a sick day or it was a sick day or both ?
you 're right as far as i can tell so far .
i 'm 30 hours into the game doing sidequests before the next 3 trials .
i decided to keep going because people said the story picks up after rose joins the party .
that 's true to some extent the character interactions do get more entertaining and the skits become more common .
i 'm still enjoying the game because i like the character interactions and the humor 's still good but this is the weakest tales game i 've played so far in terms of story .
the plot is all over the place and lacking in focus .
it feels like a series of sidequests because the stuff you do in the main story dealing with marlind sergei 's request etc .
the good vs. evil plot with malevolence is straight from a children 's anime and just a rehash of hearts except with worse execution .
having to do four trials at four temples is like going back to the 90s where i have to collect 9 macguffins before the plot will continue to the interesting parts .
the characters are shallower than in most tales games .
i figured out lailah 's problems within ten minutes of her introduction and then there 's nothing more to learn about her character so far though i still like her puns .
mikleo also has n't gotten much development and neither has edna .
i agree with your assessment that rose is pretty boring .
i do n't like how the story tries to present her as someone who 's always right and a strong person for following her instincts .
meanwhile alisha fails at everything because she tries to deal with her enemies with politics .
i do like rose 's interactions with the other characters as a happy-go-lucky girl but her attitude makes no sense when she 's an assassin .
this game has no moral complexity at some times and at others just straight up backwards morals .
someone pointed out how the general during the war scene gets called out for sending his soldiers to pursue the rolance army after they 're routed even though this was common military policy for the middle ages .
i 'm a pacifist but even i find the presentation of pacifist ideals in this game grating .
i think the other games did a better job of this .
the pope gets a free pass for selling secretly addictive toxic drugs and abandoning his country just because he managed to save one village .
i 'm not saying he should have been forced to become pope again because he would n't have done a good job if he hated his job but there 's no reason to be chummy with him either .
it 's not morally grey he 's just an asshole .
later he sells distribution rights to the drugs so that his reputation wo n't be ruined .
sorey 's companions try to reign in sorey and keep him from being too self-sacrificing but sometimes they go too far with it .
like them saying sorey should n't try to save the petrified people because they probably died knowing the risk they were taking .
no it 's not disrespecting someone 's human dignity to try to save their life .
and i mentioned the thing about rose already so i wo n't go into that .
pretty clear to me that sorey/mikleo is a thing .
sorey does n't want him to get involved in his problems .
i do agree that the romance if it 's there is extremely minimal .
i do n't really play tales games for the romance though since it 's not that great in many of the games .
i liked it in abyss and xillia as well as hisui 's romance in hearts .
shing and kohaku 's romance in hearts was pretty shallow though shing falls in love at first sight and kohaku does n't have much depth because her personality is n't complete in the first half and because she does n't have any real flaws in the second half .
i 'd rather not have any romance than a romance of that quality .
i 'm not a fan of edc but i will say their production is usually top notch and they bring in solid sound systems for their events .
i was worried about this earlier in the season and did a ton of research .
it is all anecdotal but many many stories of dropping tiers with no warning whatsoever .
it 's not really necessary speech just makes it easier to sell your stuff and get more money
but how much more would you pay to know you have access to the best bud every day till 10pm ?
edit i pay 56 for 3.5g of top shelf .
it has n't worked on my ipad the past week but it also has n't worked on my desktop yet either and actually my iphone is the last device that still plays odd shots ironically enough .
wow one of the presets looks just like my sister .
when i was young i thought cows turned to those bales of hay overnight .
its bottled tap water and drinking tap water is basically free
i want my melee abilities to basically transfer to pm without having to re-learn her .
i also do n't want my melee to get messed up by my pm .
i 've never understood how people jack off with headphones in .
looking forward to having you back with us glad all is well !
was this article written by a first year university student ?
between flash facing his personal demons and a very corporeal parasitic alien space demon suit '' this run was a blast .
this is what aqib is at home doing right now
how much are you up after mcfadden just played ?
bennett has n't looked that great fantasy wise this season and jeffery is active making him get less targets .
as for johnson i feel it 's a bit of a risk depending on the current score .
i feel that langford would perform better against one of the league 's worst run d 's .
i guess this is also the reason why raw photo files like .cr2 are displayed incorrectly green/pink colors only .
is there a way to make eog depend on the more up-to-date libraw '' ?
i 'm a senior so i should know what universities i want to apply to by now but unfortunately not .
i have a sat score of 2040 670m/680cr/690w and an act score of 31 33w/33r/29s/28m which was disappointing i thought i would do much better in science and math .
i 'm mainly looking at matches and safeties so any suggestions would be greatly appreciated .
by the way i 'm planning on majoring in engineering even though my math scores suck so i really need universities that have a fairly strong engineering department .
i would also prefer universities with a fair amount of international students since i will be one myself and do n't want to feel out of place .
one more question should i apply undecided or directly to engineering ?
some people have been telling me that i should apply undecided because my math scores will get me rejected but then others have told me that the fact that i 'm female will help me get in since the m to f ratio in engineering is so off balance .
it 's a pretty cool ship i think at least .
i live in an apartment on the fifth floor and recently got a new gsd pup so we are working on house training .
he 's doing pretty good only goes outside as long as i let him out at reasonable hours and he occasionally lets me know if he needs to go by sitting at the door .
however if i put his leash on and take him down the hall to the elevator he will pee in the hall every time .
i want him to wait until we get downstairs and outside where i give him the treat when he goes .
if he starts going in the hallway i pick him up and run him to the elevator instead of walking .
if i just start by carrying him from the apartment he does perfectly but how can i train him to go that extra step without carrying him ?
should i continue to carry him immediately from my apartment or do the leash and interrupt his peeing when he inevitably goes in the hall ?
character table now shows if a char or mc1 is permanently available .
if not it shows when the item will next be available .
added a section listing all permanently available characters and mcs in dungeons .
i did n't realize until now how bad the official website is so i had to make my own list .
one-hit-kill section for daily dungeons has been completely revamped with new graphics .
we have so many abilities now that the fixed table of numbers i used to have is insufficient .
one-hit-kill values added for the '' dungeons thanks to tfmurphy 's datamining .
i 've been putting game info that i find useful into a pdf so i can have it in one place .
the goals are high information density clear formatting and printability .
future abilities what they will cost and when they will appear
elite bosses hp elemental damage and status immunities and brief fight notes
characters stats usable ability types equippable item types rankings based on level 50/65 and synergy
locations of characters and memory crystals in the story dungeons
upcoming events future characters record materia abilities and relic banners with item stats soul breaks
all of the above are based on information gathered by other people i just packed the data together and neatly formatted it .
visual overview of 5-star orb competition to make it easier to find groups of non-overlapping abilities
ability multiplier analysis how to compare damage of physical and magical abilities
item stats mechanics charts and a protection stat '' to summarize def/res on armor
my thanks to everyone out there who has posted game info .
i 'd especially like to call out a few sources
much of this excellent info is definitive and not really available anywhere else .
unfortunately it 's scattered across many posts so i 've tried to make the pdf be a repository for this great information .
u/kevrlet a handy reference http kevrlet.x10.mx/ffrk for item stats ability multipliers boss hp and other information .
u/enlir a compilation spreadsheet https docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/16k1zryyxrh7vdkvf1f7erruaoc5wuzvc3q2gflch6lq/edit ? pli=1 gid=1193234079 which also contains some original datamined info .
u/pksage a spreadsheet https docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1nesryb07ofclfhvh6qugcrdbbkewe9srjllppwomtd8/edit ? pli=1 gid=1409267036 with a very comprehensive and readable event listing among other things .
u/kaonohiokala an amazingly detailed spreadsheet https docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1e1xughh-obdlm0qzwome4grjt9v3ocqmdmyli62hwfk/edit ? pli=1 gid=0 of game items coming in future events see gamefaqs thread http www.gamefaqs.com/boards/114492-final-fantasy-record-keeper/72702188
make your best guess then claim your glory or shame .
click here to start the story from the beginning !
david is a college student on earth attending his third year of college .
suddenly a blue screen popped up granting people random points and allowing everyone to choose special powers .
the world as he knows it has devolved into chaos as demi-gods and dragon lords go to war vampire counts and werewolves battling against ki cultivators and psychics .
follow david on his journey as he uses his unique abilities as a life orb master to restore order and discover what has happened to the earth .
this is my side project one i work on when i either am bored of writing the gemstone chronicles or when i need a break or hit a block .
i will update it sporadically sometimes 1 chapter a day sometimes none it really just is based on demand .
tgc is still a 1 chapter a day updated series .
i 'm on steam engine checking to see the max wattage that 's safe to run my batteries at .
i selected my batteries efest purple 35a and it says that the max wattage i should be running at is 60w before i lose too much headroom .
i 've been running my mod at 70w and sometimes pushing up to 90-100w and it 's been fine albeit a little warm .
i 'm also unsure if it matters that i 'm using 2 batteries instead of one .
then i 'm told that i 'm using bad batteries and i should be using sony vtc4 but it 's hard to find authentic batteries .
this stuff is all new to me so i guess i should be asking which batteries would be best for a sigelei 150w tc and sub-ohm vaping ?
i try not to vape lower than 0.2 ohms .
i 'm still looking up stuff on batteries and safety but it 's a bit overwhelming .
so i really want to surprise my friend with a cool custom controller as a gift .
he recently just got back into gaming and fell in love with shovel knight and other pixel art games .
so i thought with both his birthday and christmas coming up it would be cool to get him a shovel knight themed controller more specifically a plague knight one since that is his favorite boss and he ca n't get enough of the dlc .
i have been looking for a few days to find one or even a place that i could create my own '' controller at .
if anyone knows of a site or something for making a custom controller that would be awesome .
i do n't know why yesterday it was all fine .
today the internal stone foundations surrounded by 2 levels of outer foundations in our base were on half health .
so that means our honeycombs will start to fail .
and because gary fucked up stability with his shitty pillar system ours and others ' bases are going to start collapsing .
and there 's nothing that can be done about that .
also how many units would you estimate it to be ?
i 'm trying something new here by attempting to remove the discursive jargon and put it into a way that 's more intuitive without the cultural baggage .
i am assuming that there is some degree of enduring truth to what huangbo was talking about and that it can be communicated in a modern context .
this of course causes a lot to be lost and it also creates new ideas because of the new linguistic and material associations we have .
i also think that part of what i find most annoying about zen/buddhism in a western context is the obsession with its exotic elements fancy terminology ways of dressing buddha heads you can buy at target .
but trying to think about something like the sambhogakaya or alayavijnana of course they are just metaphorical terms for a constructed system of perceiving our physical and mental experience but what experience do these things really point to ?
a lot of the time it just seems like these names and concepts are jostling against each other in my mind just as names while i try to keep them straight but thinking about what they actually represent experientially is more difficult .
same goes even for zen texts which talk more directly .
partly it 's the styles of translation which are naturally predisposed to a more literal understanding than to practical connection .
this is not the way i usually translate but i just wanted to see how it goes over .
certain things like using the word 'want ' are exactly the kind of thing that i assume people will respond to by saying some backwoods r/zen bs but just understand this is vernacular and only a sith deals in absolutes .
it 's 100 possible that i failed but luckily many things do n't require success on the first try to eventually work out .
mr. peille asked his teacher this question there are hundreds of us here on the mountain .
are there any that your teaching has actually clicked with ?
goldbaum said it 's impossible to guess how many of them there are .
because becoming aware of your mind is what you do .
do you really think you could put it into words ?
words and talking are only for teaching kids who do n't know any better.
goldbaum said mind and awakening are exactly the same thing and having no mind is the way you want to be .
if you do n't make any movements with your mind or think about whether things are there or not or about what the good and bad things about them might be or make a distinction between them and me or between subject and object and so on then your mind is awake at the most basic level and awakening is mind at its most basic level .
that 's why i say that the true physical law of awakening is still just empty space .
there 's no reason to look for anything else since searching itself is nothing but pain .
even if you do all the things you 're supposed to – like the six traditional kinds of behavior 1 or a million other things – to get the wisdom of awakening and you do all this for a trillion years you still wo n't get what you 're after in the end .
it 's because those are all actions that create causes and effects .
if these causes and effects are all unraveled from each other you go right back to having nothing that lasts .
that 's why i say that the concepts of ‘reward ' and ‘transform ' 2 are not true awakening and also that they do n't tell you anything about the way things really are .
but if you know your own mind and do n't think about it in terms of yourself and others then you 'll see you 've always been awake all along.
just spent some time looking at some of politifact 's ratings .
carson amended a statement to say that no signer of the declaration of independence had federal elected office experience .
that 's obviously true right since the united states government did n't exist yet .
well that 's 'pants on fire ' false according to politifact
the edit carson made to the facebook post does n't help his case since there was no federal government before the declaration of independence was signed .
they say that because it 's obviously true it 's entirely 'pants on fire ' false ...
now let 's mosey on over to bernie sanders ' page .
let 's look at some of his false ratings http www.politifact.com/personalities/bernie-s/statements/byruling/false .
the koch brothers are spending more money than either the democratic or republican parties '' in the 2016 elections .
this is a simple math problem that is completely false but not 'pants on fire ' false .
last year 2009 exxonmobil made 19 billion in profit .
they got a 156 million refund from the irs . ''
also demonstrated to be entirely false if we do n't specify us income taxes as he did n't but it still does n't breach the barrier of being 'pants on fire ' false .
and they would have paid us income taxes if it were not for their tax credits from paying income taxes overseas .
now let 's look at a 'pants on fire ' rated quote from donald trump http www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2015/oct/28/chris-christie/chris-christie-says-bernie-sanderss-plan-raise-you
bernie sanders wants to tax you people at 90 percent ''
yet here is a thinkprogress article titled bernie sanders would tax the income of the wealthiest americans at 90 percent '' http thinkprogress.org/economy/2015/05/26/3662773/sanders-90-percent-tax
and here http hotair.com/archives/2015/05/26/bernie-sanders-a-90-tax-rate-sounds-fine-to-me is a transcript of what bernie actually said
if my memory is correct when radical socialist dwight d. eisenhower was president the highest marginal tax rate was something like 90 percent .
harwood when you think about 90 percent you do n't think that 's obviously too high ?
that 's not 90 percent of your income you know ?
i 'm sure you have some really right-wing nut types but i 'm not sure that every very wealthy person feels that it 's the worst thing in the world for them to pay more in taxes to be honest with you .
but claiming that bernie sanders wants to tax you people at 90 percent '' which to be fair clearly implies a top marginal tax rate is n't mostly false is n't false but rather it is 'pants on fire ' false .
i 'll be graduating early with a real estate finance degree from usc .
i 'll be starting my career in real estate at a very large commercial lending institution .
when i look at my 5-10 year aspirations i would like to get into the development side of real estate or the private equity side second choice to development .
i understand that in re it 's not absolutely necessary to obtain a mba .
from my understanding mit usc harvard cornell and nyu have the top graduate real estate programs .
as the title states i am looking for an 1808 and 1839-o capped bust half dollar graded by pcgs or ngc .
might consider a raw 1808 but really want the 1839-o to be graded .
great group on trauma https twitter.com/hashtag/trauma ? src=hash recovery and relationships https twitter.com/hashtag/relationships ? src=hash today !
this may have been posted here before since im not a regular reader of this sub but i thought the information was really good to share .
from the wa doh website all adoptees 18 and older may now request a copy of their original birth certificate by filling out the adoption certificate request form http www.doh.wa.gov/portals/1/documents/pubs/422-102-adopteerequestoriginalbirthcertificateadoptionsealed.pdf .
the department of health has received hundreds of requests and the process may take several weeks .
birth parents can decide whether to release personal information or keep their identity confidential under the new law by filing a contact preference form http www.doh.wa.gov/portals/1/documents/pubs/422-110-contactpreferencebirthparent.pdf .
parents who file a contact preference form must provide information about their family medical history http www.doh.wa.gov/portals/1/documents/pubs/422-111-birthparentmedicalhistory.pdf regardless of whether they choose to disclose their identity .
if a birth parent does n't file a contact preference form the adoptee will be able to get a copy of their original birth certificate .
the comment section was a giant cluster of nonsense so i decided to make this thread in hopes that we can have a real discussion about this .
the faculty of franklin pierce university have developed a significant level of frustration with the current administration specifically the current dean at rindge and the provost .
it is the belief of the faculty that neither has a realistic perception of the current situation at the university among the faculty the university resources that enable the faculty or the student 's needs .
increasingly very little is being done to retain students and faculty .
every experience with administration if wrought with needless process and an ever widening funnel that leads directly to the dean .
it is there that a biased filter to the provost exists .
either the dean is offering limited information to the provost creating a perverse vision of the school or the provost simply does not care .
this post is intended to inspire the current faculty at franklin pierce university to express their view of the administration and chronicle specific incidence s that articulate the absurdity that exists .
to my understanding the u.s. government was allowing the traffic of cocaine into california to supply the bloods and crips then giving the money to the contras .
but what was the ultimate gain by the u.s. government in supporting them ?
ok this is purely speculation noone 's left for the dc yet so we still do n't who will be going and who 'll be staying we could be pleasantly surprised .
but lets say there are characters you assume wo n't be present in this arc cough*ryodan*cough*sorryguys*cough what do you imagine they are they doing instead ?
please can you tell me how to open a crate offline from the game ?
mexico has ruled that banning personal use of cannabis violates the human right to free development of one 's personality .
help i have seen all the rules and requirements reddit uhc to see if i can host my uhcs and i have everything !
baby monitor had been working perfect for over a year on the same channel then one day it just stopped .
r/oaklandraiders oak pit r/steelers crabtree 's ability to do what ? ! ?
https streamable.com/f2ef crabtree 's ability to do what ? ! ? ''
r/greenbaypackers gb car r/panthers julius peppers playing keep away from cam newto ... https streamable.com/18xm julius peppers playing keep away from cam newton after he scored .
he just wants the ball to give to a kid '' u/-marcusd permalink https www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/3s0s3f/picturegifvideo_highlights_thread_week_9_sunday/cwt3dbd
r/denverbroncos den ind r/colts aqib talib pokes dwayne allen in the eye https streamable.com/v7y8 aqib talib pokes dwayne allen in the eye '' u/fusir permalink https www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/3s0s3f/picturegifvideo_highlights_thread_week_9_sunday/cwth5dw
vontaze burfict pushing over a camera https streamable.com/5od8 vontaze burfict pushing over a camera '' u/nighthound1 permalink https www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/3rp7eq/picturegifvideo_highlights_thread_week_9_thursday/cwq6m73
manziel to duke johnson for td http a.video.nfl.com/films/2015/nfl_com/in-game-highlight/nflcom/reg/9/151105_cmp_manziel_johnson_jr_td_336510_3200k.mp4 manziel to duke johnson for td '' u/nighthound1 permalink https www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/3rp7eq/picturegifvideo_highlights_thread_week_9_thursday/cwq7srn
dalton to eifert for the triple crown http a.video.nfl.com/films/2015/nfl_com/in-game-highlight/nflcom/reg/9/151105_bp_dalton_to_eifert_19_yard_td_336545_3200k.mp4 dalton to eifert for the triple crown '' u/nighthound1 permalink https www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/3rp7eq/picturegifvideo_highlights_thread_week_9_thursday/cwqag1t
manziel does lebron james cristiano ronaldo celebration http a.video.nfl.com/films/2015/nfl_com/in-game-highlight/nflcom/reg/9/151105_manziel_td_celebration_336511_3200k.mp4 manziel does lebron james cristiano ronaldo celebration '' u/nighthound1 permalink https www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/3rp7eq/picturegifvideo_highlights_thread_week_9_thursday/cwq9clt
sanu takes the reverse for a 25 yard td http i.imgur.com/y1ojchd.gifv sanu takes the reverse for a 25 yard td '' u/cant_trust_hillary permalink https www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/3rp7eq/picturegifvideo_highlights_thread_week_9_thursday/cwq9s6a
in total 15 highlights posted by 6 users see all https www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/3rp7eq/picturegifvideo_highlights_thread_week_9_thursday/cwq2hq1
in total 12 highlights posted by 7 users see all https www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/3s0s3f/picturegifvideo_highlights_thread_week_9_sunday/cwszcmd
julius peppers playing keep away from cam newton after he scor ... https streamable.com/18xm julius peppers playing keep away from cam newton after he scored .
he just wants the ball to give to a kid '' u/-marcusd permalink https www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/3s0s3f/picturegifvideo_highlights_thread_week_9_sunday/cwt3dbd
in total 34 highlights posted by 12 users see all https www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/3s0s3f/picturegifvideo_highlights_thread_week_9_sunday/cwszcg3
brady picked off by robinson and then brady knocks him down wi ... https streamable.com/016s brady picked off by robinson and then brady knocks him down with his butt ... butt sack '' u/runjun permalink https www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/3s0s3f/picturegifvideo_highlights_thread_week_9_sunday/cwt38od
redskins only td https streamable.com/7e9i redskins only td '' u/runjun permalink https www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/3s0s3f/picturegifvideo_highlights_thread_week_9_sunday/cwt8zj8
in total 5 highlights posted by 3 users see all https www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/3s0s3f/picturegifvideo_highlights_thread_week_9_sunday/cwszc9z
tennessee titans quarterback marcus mariota hits anthony fasan ... http a.video.nfl.com/films/2015/game_highlight/in-game-highlight/nflcom/reg/9/151108_nfl_wk9_ten_marcus_mariota_game_winning_td_338519_3200k.mp4 tennessee titans quarterback marcus mariota hits anthony fasano for game-winning 5-yard td in overtime . ''
brees pass intended for ingram intercepted by webb https streamable.com/gw6k brees pass intended for ingram intercepted by webb '' u/runjun permalink https www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/3s0s3f/picturegifvideo_highlights_thread_week_9_sunday/cwt6u1f
in total 11 highlights posted by 5 users see all https www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/3s0s3f/picturegifvideo_highlights_thread_week_9_sunday/cwszcdh
half-back option pass to tannehill https streamable.com/1cj1 half-back option pass to tannehill '' u/runjun permalink https www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/3s0s3f/picturegifvideo_highlights_thread_week_9_sunday/cwt62ga
44 yd td pass to watkins https streamable.com/pryd 44 yd td pass to watkins '' u/runjun permalink https www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/3s0s3f/picturegifvideo_highlights_thread_week_9_sunday/cwt7485
taylor pass deep to watkins https streamable.com/uz4g taylor pass deep to watkins '' u/runjun permalink https www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/3s0s3f/picturegifvideo_highlights_thread_week_9_sunday/cwt50uw
in total 6 highlights posted by 3 users see all https www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/3s0s3f/picturegifvideo_highlights_thread_week_9_sunday/cwszc44
jaguars bortles to yeldon for 21 yards http www.nfl.com/videos/nfl-game-highlights/0ap3000000574927/jaguars-bortles-to-yeldon-for-21-yards jaguars bortles to yeldon for 21 yards '' u/reywas13 permalink https www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/3s0s3f/picturegifvideo_highlights_thread_week_9_sunday/cwt6dwi
jets chris ivory with the 1-yard touchdown http www.nfl.com/videos/nfl-game-highlights/0ap3000000574982/jets-chris-ivory-with-the-1-yard-touchdown jets chris ivory with the 1-yard touchdown '' u/reywas13 permalink https www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/3s0s3f/picturegifvideo_highlights_thread_week_9_sunday/cwt826i
williams interception to close the game https streamable.com/a81t williams interception to close the game '' u/runjun permalink https www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/3s0s3f/picturegifvideo_highlights_thread_week_9_sunday/cwt9nzf
in total 6 highlights posted by 3 users see all https www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/3s0s3f/picturegifvideo_highlights_thread_week_9_sunday/cwszc73
https streamable.com/f2ef crabtree 's ability to do what ? ! ? ''
bryant dodges 3 tackles for the td run https streamable.com/vqnw bryant dodges 3 tackles for the td run '' u/runjun permalink https www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/3s0s3f/picturegifvideo_highlights_thread_week_9_sunday/cwt8hfh
derek carr 22 yard td pass to crabtree https streamable.com/rygk derek carr 22 yard td pass to crabtree '' u/fusir permalink https www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/3s0s3f/picturegifvideo_highlights_thread_week_9_sunday/cwt21tv
in total 21 highlights posted by 6 users see all https www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/3s0s3f/picturegifvideo_highlights_thread_week_9_sunday/cwszcja
buccaneers jameis winston passes deep to mike evans for 68 yards http a.video.nfl.com/films/2015/nfl_com/in-game-highlight/nflcom/reg/9/151108_bp_evans_68_yard_run_338520_3200k.mp4 buccaneers jameis winston passes deep to mike evans for 68 yards '' u/sewerside666 permalink https www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/3s0s3f/picturegifvideo_highlights_thread_week_9_sunday/cwta98x
giants jason pierre-paul almost sacks buccaneers jameis winsto ... http a.video.nfl.com/films/2015/nfl_com/in-game-highlight/nflcom/reg/9/151108_bp_pierre_paul_almost_sack_338524_3200k.mp4 giants jason pierre-paul almost sacks buccaneers jameis winston in first game back '' u/sewerside666 permalink https www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/3s0s3f/picturegifvideo_highlights_thread_week_9_sunday/cwtaf8b
trevin wade 5yd fumble return for a td http www.nfl.com/videos/nfl-game-highlights/0ap3000000575855/giants-trevin-wade-runs-in-recovered-fumble-for-5-yard-td trevin wade 5yd fumble return for a td '' u/pierovera permalink https www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/3s0s3f/picturegifvideo_highlights_thread_week_9_sunday/cwthct7
in total 7 highlights posted by 3 users see all https www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/3s0s3f/picturegifvideo_highlights_thread_week_9_sunday/cwt6ket
49ers blaine gabbert completes pass on scramble to quinton patton http a.video.nfl.com/films/2015/nfl_com/in-game-highlight/nflcom/reg/9/15108_bp_gabbert_completion_on_scramble_338526_3200k.mp4 49ers blaine gabbert completes pass on scramble to quinton patton '' u/sewerside666 permalink https www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/3s0s3f/picturegifvideo_highlights_thread_week_9_sunday/cwtao5m
49ers blaine gabbert finds quinton patton for 21-yard gain http a.video.nfl.com/films/2015/nfl_com/in-game-highlight/nflcom/reg/9/151108_bp_gabbert_patton_21_yards_338555_3200k.mp4 49ers blaine gabbert finds quinton patton for 21-yard gain '' u/sewerside666 permalink https www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/3s0s3f/picturegifvideo_highlights_thread_week_9_sunday/cwtc3l8
49ers blaine gabbert finds garrett celek again for an 11-yard ... http a.video.nfl.com/films/2015/nfl_com/in-game-highlight/nflcom/reg/9/151108_bp_gabbert_celek_td_2_338579_3200k.mp4 49ers blaine gabbert finds garrett celek again for an 11-yard touchdown '' u/sewerside666 permalink https www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/3s0s3f/picturegifvideo_highlights_thread_week_9_sunday/cwtcy20
49ers blaine gabbert finds garrett celek for 1-yard touchdown ... http a.video.nfl.com/films/2015/nfl_com/in-game-highlight/nflcom/reg/9/151108_bp_gabbert_to_celek_1_yard_td_338535_3200k.mp4 49ers blaine gabbert finds garrett celek for 1-yard touchdown pass '' u/sewerside666 permalink https www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/3s0s3f/picturegifvideo_highlights_thread_week_9_sunday/cwtb27x
49ers shaun draughn breaks tackle for 30-yard gain http a.video.nfl.com/films/2015/nfl_com/in-game-highlight/nflcom/reg/9/151108_bp_draughn_30_yard_gain_338572_3200k.mp4 49ers shaun draughn breaks tackle for 30-yard gain '' u/sewerside666 permalink https www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/3s0s3f/picturegifvideo_highlights_thread_week_9_sunday/cwtcrip
in total 8 highlights posted by 1 users see all https www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/3s0s3f/picturegifvideo_highlights_thread_week_9_sunday/cwt6kb7
aqib talib pokes dwayne allen in the eye https streamable.com/v7y8 aqib talib pokes dwayne allen in the eye '' u/fusir permalink https www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/3s0s3f/picturegifvideo_highlights_thread_week_9_sunday/cwth5dw
in total 12 highlights posted by 6 users see all https www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/3s0s3f/picturegifvideo_highlights_thread_week_9_sunday/cwt7ey5
bradford 's 41 yard td pass to jordan matthews to win in overtime https streamable.com/7pte bradford 's 41 yard td pass to jordan matthews to win in overtime '' u/fusir permalink https www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/3s0s3f/picturegifvideo_highlights_thread_week_9_sunday/cwtrjo9
jordan hicks with a pick six off matt cassel http i.imgur.com/6ses8kj.gifv jordan hicks with a pick six off matt cassel '' u/cant_trust_hillary permalink https www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/3s0s3f/picturegifvideo_highlights_thread_week_9_sunday/cwtp97s
dez bryant goes up to catch the 18 yard td pass from cassel http i.imgur.com/ytpc4kt.gifv dez bryant goes up to catch the 18 yard td pass from cassel '' u/cant_trust_hillary permalink https www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/3s0s3f/picturegifvideo_highlights_thread_week_9_sunday/cwtpi40
do n't hassle the cassel http i.imgur.com/rn8aa.gif do n't hassle the cassel '' u/guitarhunterdude permalink https www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/3s0s3f/picturegifvideo_highlights_thread_week_9_sunday/cwtpx2j
in total 18 highlights posted by 9 users see all https www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/3s0s3f/picturegifvideo_highlights_thread_week_9_sunday/cwthetk
rivers does a happy dance http i.imgur.com/i1tenog.gifv rivers does a happy dance '' u/cant_trust_hillary permalink https www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/3s7g9d/picturegifvideo_highlights_thread_week_9_monday/cwuv9i4
https streamable.com/aj3e philip rivers the struggle is really real . ''
danny woodhead touchdown and gets leaped over by stevie johnson .
https streamable.com/fc0y danny woodhead touchdown and gets leaped over by stevie johnson . ''
in total 41 highlights posted by 5 users see all https www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/3s7g9d/picturegifvideo_highlights_thread_week_9_monday/cwur6z1
if you notice any inconsistencies please report it to the moderators http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fnfl subject=highlights 20recap 20issue .
to be clear i 'm a comic writer and not a filmmaker although there 's some overlap between the two .
in my story i have a crew of student filmmakers taking a road trip to a film festival .
i need to add a ticking clock element to the story i was wondering if there are deadlines in a film festival once a film has already been submitted .
is there a driving need for the filmmakers to attend the film festival in person ?
is there anything that could disqualify them that they would need to prevent ?
i realize this is a pretty niche question but any help/suggestions would be appreciated !
edit these responses are really helpful and give me some great ideas .
a little background i have a bba in information technology in which i 've done a bunch of developing in typical java html php ect .
i really hate support but i do love developing .
problem is i have no experience aside from school and some little side projects but nothing that would make me confident in the job market .
i 'm only a year out of college so i have plenty of time to learn and grow my skillset but the problem is i do n't know where to begin or what to focus on .
obviously looking at entry level and junior developer positions to get my feet back under me .
i 've had people reach out to me about my experience recently but i 'm just not confident in my abilities currently .
semi-recently i called in to increase my minutes for the month as i was going to incur an overage .
the agent increased my minutes but they also removed my sweet 20 unlimited data 2000 txt messages promotion that i got in 2007 through my work .
when i received the mail/email that stated the changes to my account it only listed the minutes changes .
however i looked closer at my bill 2 months later and noticed that i was paying for a 30 2gb data plan on the primary line and my unlimited data plan had been removed !
so far i have been unable to get my old plan back with 2 chats 1 phone call .
you can get it from him the second he becomes your companion .
just put any other piece of clothing into his inventory and force him to equip it .
the colonial duster '' will show up and you just take it .
this also works for pipers red leather trench coat .
did n't see anything about it in here yet so i just thought i 'd say something .
having been lucky enough to climb the corporate ladder quickly in my short time in the work force i have grown accustomed to control over my coworkers .
this has transitioned to being the dom in the bedroom .
what i 'm looking for is a rp wherein you as one of my low level coworkers coming into my office late after hours and begin taking control allowing me to follow orders instead of giving them .
i 'm a 25 year old 6'2 '' brown haired green eyed barrel chested man with a few tattoos on my chest and arms and a well trimmed beard .
i enjoy bdsm hair pulling not my beard and the standard blowjob and rough sex .
side points people keep bringing up that are n't in the article and hopefully do n't come off as biased
an agreement to agree can be binding at least in u.s. common law which may differ significantly from germany in this regard .
preventing sven from considering other offers and would need to have some sort of compensation consideration paid to sven for the promise .
we do not have the agreement so please stop assuming anything about that .
if sven promised h2k that he would take their offer and in reliance on that they stopped seeking other options and will suffer heavily because of it sven might be obligated to stay with them .
that would be sven 's duty to make up for .
if you actively intentionally or negligently blah blah legalese cause/induce someone to breach an agreement that is itself a tort similar to aiding and abetting or solicitation in criminal law .
i do n't know much about that but i figured i would explain it a bit since they mention it without much more .
as you can imagine i 'm having a legal braingasm over this .
my dear friend u/esportslaw has shared some thoughts https www.reddit.com/r/leagueoflegends/comments/3sauul/tsm_and_h2k_are_in_a_contract_battlebidding_war/cwvkwt0 for those of you who were wondering .
conversation https i.gyazo.com/0d7577d644b429935e9b1390af66b63b.png between a rep from h2k and sven as provided by reginald https www.reddit.com/r/leagueoflegends/comments/3sauul/tsm_and_h2k_are_in_a_contract_battlebidding_war/cwvqdpr .
sven 's first response since the news came out .
for anyone wondering i did not sign anything with h2k
and coming full circle twitlonger response from h2krich http www.twitlonger.com/show/n_1snr7d7 ceo of h2k and the person speaking to sven in the conversation reginald provided .
an expanded response statement http www.twitlonger.com/show/n_1snr861 by reginald also on twitlonger .
but i ran out of wood and trees to scrap for more wood .
i 'm sure it 's an old idea but i came across some ads on upwork yesterday and the client was looking for around 7,000 words for just under 100 .
obviously the quality would be crap but he did have some interest .
could i improve on this model by paying more for the book ?
i was thinking more around the 400-600 range or would i still get crappy content ?
not looking for 7,000 words for the price just a basic ebook that is well-written and researched .
hello i 'm shasta and i 'm happy to announce rookathon 2 .
this marathon will be taking place november 20-22 and is raising money for members of the rookery twitch team to get to awesome games done quick 2016 .
we 're looking to raise about 2500 this time around .
funds will be mostly going to aeonfrodo http twitch.tv/aeonfrodo who has mario kart 8 in agdq .
she lives in australia and with flight costs increasing every day with expensive overseas travel she 's going to need a lot of money to be able to afford the trip right now .
we 're estimating around 1700 to get her there .
the rest of the money will be divided amongst darkterrex http twitch.tv/darkterrex iongravirei http twitch.tv/iongravirei shenanagans http twitch.tv/shenanagans and studio http twitch.tv/sovietwaffle to help ease travel costs .
if we go over our goal any remaining funds from the marathon will be donated to agdq in one big donation .
the marathon will be exclusively streamed on 2dos 's channel http twitch.tv/2dos .
i 'm sure we 've all experienced being switched even when we 're on air balls and the ball 's not in the air but now i even occasionally do n't get switched when the ball is in the air ?
like an opponents over the top through ball does n't trigger a switch to my defender who should easily get it .
i changed to manual switching as i thought that would be better than just getting switched/not switched randomly but even then i still get randomly switched ?
i also have some problems with right stick needing a few flicks to switch once .
i 've also experimented with using the trainer to make it obvious which player i 've switched to but for the same reason it helps with switching it 's also distracting .
basically i 'm shit at switching and switching is shit .
i wish ea just focused on all these frustrating aspects of the game some of them are such an easy fix .
i was pleasantly surprised when i found out my girlfriend used to play starcraft while growing up .
for the longest time she was playing the free starcraft two with me having the full version but she was sick of being required to play with me to be able to up the difficulties and whatnot .
what was nice was she didnt have to have the heart of the swarm to be able to play with me as for some reason she could play whatever version i was on .
my question to you all is will i have to buy two lotv games for us both or could i buy one and get by with that somehow ?
now that we have made it 25 rounds into the risk side-game it is time for some more highlights !
elimination the philippines https imgur.com/a/uizue/layout/horizontal ? 1 67 lose their last city this round to champa .
the philippines are still ahead of 27 other civs on the scoreboard but they are no longer earning points every round for cities and without a unit that can capture a city they have no way of coming back .
cities australia https imgur.com/a/uizue/layout/horizontal ? 1 72 has taken the lead with 39 cities to inuit 's 37 .
capitols mexico https imgur.com/a/uizue/layout/horizontal ? 1 31 takes the sioux capitol and champa https imgur.com/a/uizue/layout/horizontal ? 1 67 takes the philippine capitol !
now it is a 5-way tie for most capitols between sparta morocco portugal mexico and champa .
territories japan https imgur.com/a/uizue/layout/horizontal ? 1 56 has lost control of its eponymous territory .
now only iceland controls a risk territory and they 've got two !
unesco world heritage site the kimberley https imgur.com/a/uizue/layout/horizontal ? 1 39 are the first civilization to have 5 world wonders great mosque of djenne hagia sophia oracle parthenon and red fort .
islanders we finally see the zulu 's https imgur.com/a/uizue/layout/horizontal ? 1 44 one-tile island of ondini .
arabia in the lead with 522 points argentina in last place with 113 points average of 250.41
horsepower finland https imgur.com/a/o5dsu/layout/horizontal ? 1 13 takes poznan using only knights !
the whites of their eyes burma https imgur.com/a/o5dsu/layout/horizontal ? 1 36 is the only civilization that has built a musketman but never built a swordsman or longswordsman .
like the do on the discovery channel since ottawa made it to 30 population the competition has been slow to catch up .
maori 's https imgur.com/a/o5dsu/layout/horizontal ? 1 44 parihaka becomes the second city to sport 30 citizens .
australia in the lead with 534 points argentina in last place with 117 points average of 274.10
capitols ireland https imgur.com/a/1x1qv/layout/horizontal ? 1 29 takes england 's capitol and australia https imgur.com/a/1x1qv/layout/horizontal ? 1 28 takes japan 's capitol !
now it is a 7-way tie for most capitols between sparta morocco portugal mexico champa ireland and australia .
territories ireland http imgur.com/a/qxyev/layout/horizontal ? 1 20 almost takes control of the united kingdom risk territory but one of iceland 's one-tile islands prevents it .
territory cards after many city captures over 168 territory cards have been drawn exhausting our 4th deck .
ireland https imgur.com/a/1x1qv/layout/horizontal ? 1 29 draws the first card of the 5th deck .
unesco hertiage site australia https imgur.com/a/o5dsu/layout/horizontal ? 1 33 is the first civilization to control two natural wonders by capturing one of them via war .
australia had the great barrier reef and captured mt .
i 'll take that ... yakutia https imgur.com/a/1x1qv/layout/horizontal ? 1 23 has officially woken up !
they are now at war with seven other civilizations and have taken their first city sendai from the inuit .
finland in the lead with 593 points argentina in last place with 121 points average of 293.82
cities the boers http imgur.com/a/qxyev/layout/horizontal ? 1 74 have had 25 cities since round 11 13 rounds ago !
capitols japan http imgur.com/a/qxyev/layout/horizontal ? 1 23 takes back their capitol from australia !
now it is a 6-way tie for most capitols between sparta morocco portugal mexico champa and ireland .
afghanistan earns 3 achievements in a single round due to their new antarctic colony http imgur.com/a/qxyev/layout/horizontal ? 1 50 and new muskets http imgur.com/a/qxyev/layout/horizontal ? 1 55 .
carpet bomb byzantium http imgur.com/a/qxyev/layout/horizontal ? 1 18 becomes the first civilization to fill their territory with units .
it helps that they have such a small territory .
empirical penguins if i were asked at the beginning of the battle royale which civilizations would colonize antarctica i would never have guessed afghanistan http imgur.com/a/qxyev/layout/horizontal ? 1 50 .
finland in the lead with 599 points argentina in last place with 125 points average of 314.16
ranking finland has been in the lead for 3 rounds in a row now .
the best streak is 5 rounds by the inuit .
cities australia http imgur.com/a/rpn2m/layout/horizontal ? 1 74 becomes the first to 45 cities .
they are now earning quintuple the points for cities as most other civilizations .
capitols germany http imgur.com/a/rpn2m/layout/horizontal ? 1 49 lost berlin to sweden this round but regained it before the end .
territory cards the boers http imgur.com/a/rpn2m/layout/horizontal ? 1 59 earn 5 territory cards in a single round tying sparta and ayyubids for the record .
true to their ideals america http imgur.com/a/rpn2m/layout/horizontal ? 1 16 becomes the first civilization to adopt the freedom ideology .
finland in the lead with 605 points argentina in last place with 129 points average of 335.16
a total of 20,445 points have been earned by all civilizations .
a total of 543 achievement cards have been given out .
australia afghanistan and japan have the most at 14 cards .
3 cards have been earned 50 or more times and 3 more have been earned 35 or more times .
a total of 182 territory cards have been given out .
australia and sparta are tied for the most at 14 cards one third of the entire deck each .
only 2 territories are controlled and 0 continents are controlled .
if you follow the risk side-game you know that the rankings change after every part which makes detecting who is doing well difficult .
therefore i provide the following table which shows the top 10 civs by their average rank across all 25 rounds of the risk side-game .
i 've also shown their average rank grouped every 5 rounds .
australia|5.76|5.80|9.40|7.40|4.40|1.80|4 sets of mission cards 18 or more cities since round 7 2 capitols briefly
inuit|10.16|5.80|19.80|15.60|1.40|8.20|3 sets of mission cards 18 or more cities since round 8
japan|10.72|6.40|32.80|6.80|2.80|4.80|4 sets of mission cards 12 or more cities during rounds 13 to 18
afghanistan|11.72|6.40|33.60|2.80|4.40|11.40|4 sets of mission cards 12 or more cities since round 24
kimberley|14.32|6.40|20.00|18.60|13.20|13.40|4 sets of mission cards 18 or more cities since round 25
vietnam|14.44|3.80|24.00|11.20|15.20|18.00|4 sets of mission cards 15 or more cities since round 15
boers|14.48|5.20|15.20|30.00|11.60|10.40|4 sets of mission cards 18 or more cities since round 8
brazil|15.52|6.40|38.40|14.60|10.00|8.20|3 sets of mission cards 15 or more cities since round 9
buccaneers|16.88|4.40|36.60|23.20|14.00|6.20|4 sets of mission cards 18 or more cities since round 15
literally more than 50 of my deaths have been spawn deaths i keep spawning 2 yards in front of somebody
i roast coffee beans semi-professionally and was wondering if people would be interested in buying fresh roasted coffee beans mailed to you vacuum sealed via usps for dogecoin !
i 've registered a domain and can easily set up the e-commerce site for it .
i just wanted to see if there 's a market for something like this .
are they much different in handling damage than laser/plasma weapons ?
is it a must have to have the 9 int perk associated with the weapons ?
if not and radiation weapons are meh '' it would make my build making a lot easier .
also is there much to find in the waters of boston ?
i now need to spend 4 points in end just for the aquaboy perk it becomes 5 with the bobblehead .
if it 's not that important i could spend those 3 points in other specials for valuable extra important perks !
what advice would you give to someone who wants to publish his book ?
https www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/3s9z66/james_renner_here_true_crime_journalist_and/cwvc15a ? context=5 my advice would be to take the time to go the traditional route and not self publish .
if you want to make a living it 's worth the wait .
the thing to know going in is that writing and publishing a book is a very long process .
i wrote the first draft of the great forgetting 5 years ago .
the first step is getting a good literary agent .
toward this end i would recommend two books the writer 's market and stephen king 's on writing .
the first will provide a list of agents who rep books in the genre you write about .
the second will help you construct your query letter to agents .
never go with an agent who demands money for showing your work to editors .
it took me 9 months of submitting queries to find my first agent .
you really need an established publisher behind you when the books comes out .
they are the ones who have the relationships with bookstores and newspapers and can tell the world about you .
oh and of course you need to cross your fingers and hope a good editor finds your work from that agent .
i got really lucky in that regard with both sarah crichton for my fiction and nicole sohl for my nonfiction .
so much new info seems to have come to light recently on the maura murray case .
what is your current theory/speculation on what happened and do you think the case will be solved anytime soon ?
https www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/3s9z66/james_renner_here_true_crime_journalist_and/cwvf6yr ? context=5 i do think the case will be solved in the near future .
https www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/3s9z66/james_renner_here_true_crime_journalist_and/cwvf6yr ? context=5 john green is a cool cat and a good researcher .
https www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/3s9z66/james_renner_here_true_crime_journalist_and/cwvf6yr ? context=5 lance called me up the night alden olson posted this disturbing video .
https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=we9mlyezcwm he wanted to know if the man was familiar to me .
and thus began a very odd chapter in the maura murray case .
i 'm happy they 've shined some new light on the cold case .
lastly have you established a working relationship with 'john smith ' ?
https www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/3s9z66/james_renner_here_true_crime_journalist_and/cwvf6yr ? context=5 i consider john smith a friend .
or was it sara alfieri ? told fred and fred only about what happened the night of the alleged party ... what 's your take on that ?
https www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/3s9z66/james_renner_here_true_crime_journalist_and/cwvhmtc ? context=5 i think it 's obvious that kate sara and fred know more than they 've ever revealed publicly .
the only motive i can think of that makes sense is that they want to protect their friend .
but if maura 's alive she really should just say hey i 'm okay let me have my privacy . ''
because until that happens this looks a lot like a possible murder .
where did the idea come from for this book ?
https www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/3s9z66/james_renner_here_true_crime_journalist_and/cwvgtzl ? context=5 i talk about how the idea came to me on scalzi 's whatever blog today .
http whatever.scalzi.com/2015/11/10/the-big-idea-james-renner-2 basically i started to wonder about this notion of phantom time and whether our politicians might have manipulated the calendar for their own agendas .
hi i 'm a big fan of your blog on maura murray .
may i ask what your take is on the whole internet culture that surrounds maura ?
the alden thing the years of blogs and websites and research dedicated to maura ... have n't seen that in other cases i 've followed and i 'm curious on your views .
https www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/3s9z66/james_renner_here_true_crime_journalist_and/cwve65k ? context=5 i think the thing that appeals to people about this case is that it 's a strange double mystery 1 .
what was she doing in the white mountains in the first place ?
so it 's bigger than most mysteries deeper somehow .
also it 's the first big mystery of the social media age .
did you know maura disappeared the same week facebook launched ?
sounds like an interesting book very philip k dick .
as someone who loves conspiracies i find most fiction authors do n't quite get them and generally just serve to make them ridiculous .
if you get the real concepts and foundation it can make for great true fiction .
hence the reason spies make the best spy novel authors .
https www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/3s9z66/james_renner_here_true_crime_journalist_and/cwviz1b ? context=5 i will tell you this i did a ton of research for this book so i hope i get them .
i used to laugh at the fluoride conspiracists but you know what ?
there 's a poison control warning on your toothpaste .
if you accidentally eat more than a pea-sized drop you 're supposed to call poison control .
if it 's that harmful why are we drinking it ?
hey james i am new to writing and thought i would ask what have you done to break through low writing confidence ?
it takes 10,000 hours to get really good at something .
two questions are you sad that the book is released the same day as fallout 4 ?
and secondly is the actor who played second lead in your film the leafeater '' as handsome in real life as he is on screen ?
https www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/3s9z66/james_renner_here_true_crime_journalist_and/cwvide9 ? context=5 i am thrilled it 's the same day .
i 'm secretly holding out hope that if we keep talking about fallout 4 on here they 'll send me a promo copy .
what was it like dealing with a production company ?
it 's very exciting to see the process from the inside .
what do you think about the tandem driver theory in the m. m .
https www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/3s9z66/james_renner_here_true_crime_journalist_and/cwvgqb4 ? context=5 i am almost certain that maura was traveling in tandem with another driver .
it 's the only thing that satisfies the circumstantial evidence in my opinion .
why would n't the westmans or butch atwood have seen another car then ?
if i was traveling with friends in another car we 'd generally keep within sight of one another especially in an area without cell reception and most certainly her friend s would have stopped to help her ?
https www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/3s9z66/james_renner_here_true_crime_journalist_and/cwvikt5 ? context=5 the tandem driver could have picked her up and driven off in less than 3 seconds .
if someone else came by to offer a ride someone she did n't know that interaction would have taken much longer especially if she fought back .
i think unfortunately that other driver got lucky and picked her up and moved on in a 3-5 second window when nobody was looking .
the westmans and the other witnesses were n't simply standing and watching the whole time .
they kept checking back and eventually she just was n't there .
do your friends and family get involved on cases your research ?
as in do they have their own theories and discussions with you or is work and personal life completely separated ?
https www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/3s9z66/james_renner_here_true_crime_journalist_and/cwvj05c ? context=5 my wife does not like that part of me .
lately i 've tried to keep it very separate as i 've received threats related to my work on maura 's case .
aside from your own what are some of your favorite true crime stories published or yet to be published ?
https www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/3s9z66/james_renner_here_true_crime_journalist_and/cwve81u ? context=5 a couple favs the wrong man by james neff if looks could kill by m. william phelps bitter almonds by gregg olsen and the shadow of death by philip ginsburg .
why 'd you name certain people and just label others by an initial or one letter ?
https www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/3s9z66/james_renner_here_true_crime_journalist_and/cwvi8tx ? context=5 the phone records tell a story .
i would really like to know what sara alfieri said to bill rausch .
i agreed to keep the identity of certain people a secret .
do you have any theories on what was said ?
what about bill 's character could possibly shed light on reason to take a trip ?
i think you 've already mentioned him cheating and such .
do you think she just wanted to have a girls trip '' to clear her head with friends after realizing get bf was cheating ?
i do n't think that 's new info on his character .
can you share a theory or theories of what might have happened based on your new information ?
https www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/3s9z66/james_renner_here_true_crime_journalist_and/cwvipi4 ? context=5 i think she wanted a new life .
i think she wanted to be safe and happy .
what do you think happened between her wanting to be safe and happy and today ?
but what do you think happened after she left ?
https www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/3s9z66/james_renner_here_true_crime_journalist_and/cwvj80g ? context=5 hopefully the accident was only a minor delay .
do you think we will ever really know who killed amy mihaljevic ?
https www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/3s9z66/james_renner_here_true_crime_journalist_and/cwvem3v ? context=5 there are three really good suspects and one who stands above the rest .
i am 100 certain that case will be resolved one day .
what conclusions do you draw from the items found in maura 's car ?
https www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/3s9z66/james_renner_here_true_crime_journalist_and/cwvhaas ? context=5 that she was leaving umass for more than 24 hours and was possibly traveling with friends .
what is the new information that you have n't released you terrible tease .
who told you not to release it ... was it the authorities or a publicist ?
https www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/3s9z66/james_renner_here_true_crime_journalist_and/cwvhewq ? context=5 the new info is tangential to the case i believe but speaks directly to the character of bill rausch and provides motive for maura to want to leave .
i guess my question is about both the information and the reason you have for keeping it on the dl .
is this about justice or and act of kindness/respect to the murrays ?
https www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/3s9z66/james_renner_here_true_crime_journalist_and/cwvia5q ? context=5 i am always most concerned about justice .
is there anyone involved in the maura case that has the name ben or benjamin or some derivative ?
it 's odd that both psychics pulled that one name seemingly out of thin air .
https www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/3s9z66/james_renner_here_true_crime_journalist_and/cwvgp0o ? context=5 he 's a crazy old wizard .
lance and tim keep eluding to maura 's brother-in-law and how he thinks fred was involved in maura 's disappearance .
does he have anything valuable to contribute or is he just a naysayer/publicity whore ?
https www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/3s9z66/james_renner_here_true_crime_journalist_and/cwvhhsa ? context=5 i do n't know about that .
i spoke to tim carpenter and he had some frightening things to say .
but i do n't know that he ever told me that he suspected fred .
i built the system below about a year ago and it 's been great .
however about 2 months ago i started experiencing sudden loss of power sometimes after hours of being on and sometimes within a few minutes .
i 've done some looking up and it seems like my psu may be underpowered .
i cleaned the insides with canned air and though that made the problem better it 's still a daily occurrence .
i 'm also thinking of adding another ssd which with strain the psu even more .
can someone please tell me if i 'm on the right track and which psu would be a resilient replacement ?
did anyone else get a partial refund from bestbuy after preordering the gold bundle ?
i did n't receive any information why but the refund of about 32 is showing in my paypal .
i still received the season pass digital download as well .
recently i saw that steve underwood said he recommended hiring an offensive genius '' to be our hc next year to help mariota so i 've decided to compile a list of guys using that criteria just to keep the discussion going about who we want to bring in .
sean payton hc new orleans the guy mularkey just beat ?
gimmie a break tehjimsta '' yeah yeah i know .
but he 's won a super bowl and would likely be more than happy to retain lebeau as dc considering what he 's dealt with over the past couple seasons with rob ryan .
this hire would be entirely contingent on payton leaving the big easy after the season but from what i 'm hearing there 's a considerable possibility that that happens and as long as dallas does n't fire garrett i 'd say that it would come down to us and miami as to who he 'd go to .
if i were payton i 'd choose the team with the superior qb to build around and that qb is mariota .
adam gase oc bears he 's made jay cutler look halfway decent and he helped pmfm break a td record without feeling in his fingertips .
josh mcdaniels oc new england sure it 's kind of hard to tell if the great offensive play in new england is the doing of mcdaniels or the tremendous roster that the dark lord has assembled up there but regardless he 's another coach that has had some success as an oc and this would be the first time as a hc that he has had a franchise qb to build around in year 1 not counting that whole cutler thing or tebow .
hue jackson oc cincinnati bengals he had a good year as the raiders hc with minimal talent and was fired for no really good reason other than they finished the season kind of poorly 1-4 after a good start 7-4 .
now he has the bengals offense humming with the red rifle at the helm and could probably do similar things with the talent we have on the offensive side of the ball .
kyle shanahan oc atlanta falcons shanahan has long been considered one of the best offensive minds in the nfl and he 's currently got the falcons offense doing work in the run game sparked by davonta freeman and a rejuvinated o-line .
his team is currently in kind of a slump 1-3 in the past four games with their one win coming against a mariota-less titans in a 10-7 snoozer but it remains that this would be a good hire especially since shanahan 's history with matt ryan could help mariota considering the comparisons mm has drawn to the former bc signal caller .
love it hate it i could really care less .
i just kind of wanted to vent my thoughts on the subject .
i do n't know if this is the best sub to put this but it 's the closest out of the ones i lurk in .
i have a 100 voucher for nakedwines.com that i 'm not going to use .
it say 's you get 100 off any case of wine priced at 160 or more delivery included .
if anyone wants it i can send you a pm with the code and password .
we have to solve the inverse ft of 1 1+4w^2 .
i tried to do the synthesis with mediocre results .
if i define 2w^2 as s i can see a sine in there .
the last lecture they actually showed us a proof how you can fourier transform using laplace f f w l f t iw l f t iw '' but not whether there is a similar thing for the inverse .
i still have difficulties grasping that whole concept so i would appreciate any assitance .
my blood sugar rarely goes over 200 let alone 250 maybe 2x/wk but we ate tacos last night so i had an increased basal and a weird slow dose .
normally i expect to wake up a little high like 180-200 after that much protein ... but that 's the safe way to go .
oh we had whole wheat tortillas that have 11 carbs a piece ... not 25-30 .
it was immediately clear what was wrong feel my side where the site is connected ... no tubing .
i have a huge day ahead of me i ca n't deal with this today .
i guess i 'm not going to the gym in 3 hours ... maybe not at all today .
pee change my site take 10u adjust alarm clock so i can get an extra hour of rest try to sleep harder than one might imagine with the smell/taste of ketones in your mouth .
i need to bring this down or my work is really going to suffer .
isf 1:35 in am and 1:50 rest of day usually ...
i 'm basically a weak zombie driving to the bus stop .
try to not punch/smack/destroy every person that looks at me on my way to the bus .
but goddamnit i 've missed half my morning already and i was planning to work 12 hrs today .
90 of the time my blood sugar is extremely well controlled .
this was just a very rough 12 hours and i thought you might be able to sympathize .
sometimes it 's nice to read that other people have these really f'ing shitty days too .
i called edgepark today and i 'm getting a tandem by friday .
no more overnight highs or dangerous lows that murder productivity .
i really hate the diabetes rollercoaster that we sometimes find ourselves riding .
edit the tandem is a t slim with a dexcom g4 .
i need a new pump anyway animas 2020 cracked out of warranty but i 'm getting a cgm so i 'm alerted earlier in the stages of spikes and falls .
i 'm running a verdandi team i 'm rank 114 at the moment and just looking for friends my friendslist is pretty barren over than two irl friends that play .
anyway looking for almost anyone really but verd/bastet friends would be especially helpful !
so my game has a glitch where the lock pick mini game is invisible .
yup i ca n't see the screwdriver the lock any of it .
the sound of the lockpick is still there meaning i 'm only able to pick locks i find using the sound it makes .
at first it was a pain in the ass but now i feel like it 's actually really cool .
i recommend the next time you pick a lock close your eyes or something and try it !
also anyone else have this problem or is it just me ?
i did n't want to get cold and wet last night any more than he did .
now i have to clean up both him and his crate and the floor and the leash and my clothes .
i am looking for roleplays where you transform me into a girl and a bimbo slut either through magic drugs surgery etc .
the change can be fast or slow whatever your preference .
one of my favorite ways to change is if when i change and become more of a girl you steal my manliness so my cock shrinks and becomes a pussy while yours gets bigger and you sperm becomes more potent .
or your a girl or want to rp as one you start to change into a guy as i lose my masculinity .
i 'd like to include bimbofaction and stupefaction so i 'd grow big tits become very dumb and crave cock and cum constantly in all of my holes .
non-consent is completely welcome if you want to force the transformation on me .
age play is also cool we can discuss that more in pm 's .
my biggest kinks outside of transformation is watersports self wetting and receiving only heavy cum play bukkake multiple cream pies throat pies etc .
i am mostly looking for good roleplay so if you are just looking to chat i wo n't stick around for long .
you see famous guy/girl but you do n't meet them but when you tell others you say that you met them and say hello for exampel or exaggerate experiences that you 've had a tiny bit for more dramatic or epic effect ?
151110 seohyun airport to china filming movie 'so i married an anti-fan ' http imgur.com/a/nmphe
girls ' generation 4th tour – phantasia – in seoul new cover http img.tenasia.hankyung.com/webwp_kr/wp-content/uploads/2015/11/2015111110131425443.jpg
onstyle '일상의 탱9캠/daily taenggoo cam ' ep3 eng sub drive dailymotion mega link on video description
please no replies from boobs assmen or similar ilk .
hi guys sorry if this has been addressed elsewhere .
i had the talisker 10 a while ago and as many others before me have loved it .
i followed it up with a laphroaig 10 which had the peaty punch but in my unqualified opinion lacked the fullness of the talisker .
then i moved on to an ardbeg 10 which was my least favorite so far again maybe a bit too strong and lacking in a more rounded body .
last night i picked up a lagavulin 16 and although it 's undeniably a good scotch i feel like it 's just a bit too harsh for my taste .
it also has a slightly artificial aftertaste not sure if i 'm imagining that or maybe it 's just a flavour i 'm unfamiliar with .
i think i 'm searching for another talisker so the obvious answer may be to just stick with it or try talisker storm or the distiller 's edition .
i 'm not sure what specifically it is about the talisker i love but i thought that it had great peat qualities along with a more dynamic flavour that gave it a peat-y beginning with a more traditional scotch '' finish it was n't pure peat like some of the others i 've tried .
i love seafood if that helps as i 've seen some commenting on the briny qualities of certain scotches .
i checked out the malt map '' on the sidebar and searched through some old posts on here this https www.reddit.com/r/scotch/comments/2wvm1m/need_a_recommendation_similar_to_talisker_10 and this https www.reddit.com/r/scotch/comments/1a693g/lagavulin_16_caol_ila_12_or_talisker_10 and i 'm thinking maybe a highland park or caol ila could work .
hi every1 im new ! ! ! ! ! ! !
holds up tail my name is chase but u can call me wøℓƒᴋ ! ng åwω ömeƒö𝑥 ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
lol ... as u can see im very furry ! ! ! !
thats why i came here 2 meet furry ppl like me 3 im 13 years old im mature 4 my age tho ! !
i like 2 watch teh lion king w my mate im bi if u dont like it deal w/it its our favorite movie ! ! !
hes furry 2 of course but i want 2 meet more furry ppl 3 like they say the more the yiffier ! ! ! !
lol ... neways i hope 2 make alot of freinds here so give me lots of free art ! ! !
yyyyiiiffffffff ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
me bein furry again . hehe ... toodles ! ! ! !
first let me say in my head my baby is just fine .
second social media for new moms is the devil .
unfortunately my job requires me to be on social media at least 4 hours a day .
i use the word job lightly because technically i 'm a sahm just doing a little social marketing for a local business .
but really social media is probably the root of my mom guilt .
except for the ways in which i believe i 'm doing this whole mom '' thing wrong .
i have set so many expectations based off of all of my friend 's '' kids i see daily on fb or instagram .
i know it 's not fair to my lo or to me but it 's so hard to watch all of these sweet little babies reaching milestones and thinking well griffin is n't doing that yet should i be worried am i not facilitating his needs well enough ? ''
it 's stupid and i know all babies are different .
then i think about all of the things he can do that others ca n't or what i do n't see on social media .
it 's like an evil mind game stuck in my head .
i never thought i 'd be one of those moms '' that compares her child to everyone else .
and when i do talk this through i 'm rational about it .
everything looks great if you only post the good parts .
i 'm sure i do n't see the meltdowns the temper tantrums the sickness the poop explosion or moms worrying just like me .
it just does n't do anything to ease my guilt .
he hates tummy time and to be honest i 'm not super strict on it .
if he rolls to his belly he 'll hang out and when he 's done with it he 's done .
yes i put toys in front of him to encourage him .
no i 'm not willing to fight tooth and nail with him to stay put on his belly .
so no my baby does n't crawl and i 'm learning be okay with that .
i 'm so happy your baby can though really !
i think it 's great for babies to do cutesy things like that .
and yes we wave at everything he just looks at me like nope not doing it .
but he can keep a beat on a makeshift baby drum fake cough and do the universal chant of bah bah bah bah bah '' with his cute little chubby hand against his open mouth .
i do n't feel it 's necessary to plaster this all over social media so i do n't .
yes he still naps up to 4x a day .
personally i do n't know what the omg '' moment is here or why it 's anyone 's business .
just because some dr. journal says he should be down to only 2 naps does n't make him developmentally behind '' facebook moms .
we play hard when he 's awake he 's tired and he sleeps great at night .
so sorry to burden you with my parenting woes .
i 'm sure there are others out there that feel the same way .
i wish there was some social media campaign that was like momskeepingitreal with a true picture '' of motherhood .
if there is tell me what it is ! !
tldr social media sucks for new moms and it 's hard not to compare my baby to every other little baby i see .
it makes me feel guilty for comparing and for not measuring up but i know deep down everything is okay .
i am coming to israel the end of this year and my last day with the group will be 12/31/15 ending in tel aviv .
i am continuing my trip for 2 days and will be heading back to jerusalem for new years and the following friday until i head back to tel aviv saturday to catch my flight out .
q where would be a good place to stay in jerusalem that would be near a good new years party and good for doing touristy stuff on friday ?
edit i usually stay at airbnb 's when i travel but just to be safe i 'm going to go the traditional route in jerusalem .
no offense i just do n't know the area at all
obviously i understand why i can see similarities both being made by bethesda but does anyone else feel like the wasteland is much less ... .. fallout-ish and feels alot more like skyrim ?
so i just woke up after a night without sleep ready to receive my glorious pip-boy edition from the mailman .
before that though i had to check my amazon ... well i did and saw this http imgur.com/gfixdcu
they 're trying to get me a digital key within 48 hours ... not fast enough tho ...
when you impose your game on someone or when you loosen up and flow ?
i 'm not sure if i 'm wording this question right .
obviously you 're not going to impose your game on a 12 year old white belt .
i 'm thinking more with people at your own skill level .
my intuition tells me imposing your game is a smarter choice because you 'll be more familiar with the positions you 're in .
another side of me says flowing is better because you 'll develop a loose effortless game .
title many times it goes on cooldown and does n't do anything .
not even talking about the sprite lag or the times it pulls most of the mobs but misses others a good portion of the time it does literally nothing .
welcome to diamond time the place for you to promote your projects to the rest of the subreddit and to all of diamond club through the diamond time portion of night attack .
how you are involved even if it 's just you say so in some way even if it 's just wording it so that 's apparent
why we should check it out why it 's cool
note while not an absolute requirement please use links that are easily readable and clickable for use on the show .
for some cases this may require the use of a url shortener .
please use either bit.ly or tinyurl.com as those have been whitelisted so your submissions do n't get automatically marked as spam .
if your post still gets flagged for some reason message tweet one of us and we 'll look into it .
note these things are automated so in the off chance that the schedule changes and i do n't know about it or i forget to un-contest mode this before the show because currently i ca n't automate that yet at least from what i 've seen please message the moderators or even better send blendermf a tweet and yell at him for pulling a kuuuhhhhhhhaaaaannn .
as you may be able to tell from this image due to a mistake i was unable to receive my copy of fallout 4 .
today 's been a semi-horrible day being at school and hoping that the game would be home when i returned .
thanks to how eb games pre-order system works i had assume that the money would be taken out of the account when i pre-ordered the game but that was not the case .
it seems to be that when they attempted to take the money out i did n't have enough in the account .
also yes this may look like a sob story but i really do n't want anyone to go out of there way to get me a copy .
i will likely be able to get it in the coming weeks anyway so i do n't want to put anyone in financial pain just for me .
anyway i do n't want to put a damper on anyone else playing the game so go out and explore the wasteland fellow dwellers !
the order of the paper crane will give a yearly award to the person most contributing to peace .
the winner will be given 5 million if they are part of an ngo that promotes peace or otherwise they get to pick such an ngo themselves .
in 2046 imperator domitian for the deescalation between rome and the silk road pact to prevent a devastating world war .
in 2046 president cleetus johnson has been given the war award '' for the most negative contribution to world peace ''
5 million will be given in his name to the american red cross with an apology from the order of the paper crane .
m feel free to join the order of the paper crane with a character .
domitian is now a first grade honorary member which requires nothing .
we can second grade normal members decide who wins democratically in the future but the goal is to keep it away from political preferences .
upon the announcement of her return for season 9 jenna coleman is quoted as saying there is so much more to do '' .
at the time i commented somewhere on r/gallifrey that her arcs impossible girl relationship with danny seemed to have been closed off or at least as nicely as doctor who normally allows .
i was told poppycock the show can explore the post danny trauma the rumours of a baby etc and i begrudging agreed that was indeed true .
and now as good as season 9 has been and as much as i 've liked her without the weight of a season long emotional arc she 's had no real character development tied to her previous arcs .
in fact you could remove her from all stories and put any strong willed companion in them following a suitable introduction obviously and nothing would change .
to sumarise my point i 've enjoyed clara this season but to pretend she returned for 'unfinished business ' or some other sound byte is just nonsense based on what we 've seen over the last 8 episodes .
i know there are rumours we 're experiencing the doctor 's timeline after she 's already dead though i 've seen little evidence of this yet which is not moffat style .
perhaps the oft mentioned 'hybrid ' will be relevant perhaps missy or davros will make a return and in retrospect shine a new understanding on her place in season 9 .
i 'm a total beginner in gis and actually working on mapserver with mapscript but face some problems out of my skills .
i 'll try to explain it clearly here please consider english is not my first language .
i 'm building a map intended to be posted on a web page .
my goal is to make the map clickable for example when a country is displayed the user can click on a province to be redirected on an arbitrary page .
when i display a country i fetch the provinces layer to get each polygon coordinates .
now my goal is to create the map area in html where the user can click on the provinces to acess some url .
for that i need to convert my polygons coordinates in xy pixels relative to the image .
this is exactly what i need but when i apply it the polygons are a bit offset .
here is an example of the result the gray part on the right is supposed to fit with the french boundary http imgur.com/leehp6m .
as you can see it 's not far from the perfect fitting .
i do n't know if this qualifies as depression i 'm sorry if it does n't belong here .
for the past weeks i have been feeling increasingly demotivated to do anything and even the smallest tasks fill me with anxiety .
even the thought of making a phone call to fix an appointment with my dentist feels like a mountain to climb and i end up putting off things indefinitely .
i do n't really feel like i am facing any new challenges in my life i 'm not sure wrong .
wish i could retreat to a small wooden cabin in the mountains with my husband away from the rest of the world .
that is literally the only thought that brings me peace .
i do n't care about anything else any more it 's like all my ambitions and my goals in life were gone .
i do what i have to do to stay afloat and that 's it .
i enabled restricted mode for youtube on my apple tv .
then i found out it blocks nasa public tv live channel .
anybody have some information what criteria google uses to label content as inappropriate ?
what can possibly be inappropriate about this live feed ?
i 'm currently writing a research paper on the above mentioned .
does aspd give an advantage/disadvantage in the workplace environment ?
given that answer should a hiring manager be specifically looking for traits ?
my opinion so far is that aspd can give both advantages and disadvantages depending on the position and the person .
with that i think a hiring manager should be on the lookout specifically to find a perfect fit '' for a specific position or to avoid them for other positions .
this borderlines some legalities with equal opportunity hiring due to discrimination against a form of mental illness however this could be the aspd talking let 's be real here ... there are multiple ways to avoid any of that conflict .
i would like to hear from your opinions on my topic .
i have tried to do some research but really i am mostly coming up with opinionated typical bs like the whole how to tell if your boss is a psychopath zomg ! '' .
i am having a hard time actually getting any kind of statistical evidence to support any theory .
i think this is partially because someone with aspd can usually be what i call a social chameleon '' and fly under the radar .
i also think this paper when finished would be of great interest to those with aspd as much as those without perhaps providing some tools for your toolbag .
warning do not watch or read this if you did not beat the game at least with the true and neutral endings .
so some of you guys knows that a guy called razorsharpfang start a stream called twitch plays undertale .
we can not always see the chat in his stream because he do n't show the chat on-video so why not put here those things what happened during the stream ? like screenshots polls etc ?
the twitch named the fallen child ... jerry http i.imgur.com/q8uw3l7.png
they was stuck on spiral snowdin puzzle for like 3~4 hours .
someone aka me start to '' insult '' '' because we throw the stick
a guy called 88888 something '' press w and we fall from the ice part ... again
somehow we pass it with the help of all twitch ...
cuz ' of shyren 's spare the twitch was stuck on mad dummy like 13 hours or more .
we pass the dummy with a lot of help and cheat engine life hacks ... http strawpoll.me/5960472/r
the stronk twitch trying to sell dog residuz.. http i.imgur.com/ungvhmk.png
they 're too weak ... died a lot of times.. 750 tem armorr ... http i.imgur.com/kpqi8c1.png
we beat muffet with dog residue until she decides to spare us .
this guy it 's hard ... took a while to defeat him
the server can not hold our determination ... it crashes ...
we survived until the first heart ... and dodged the act button ... .
twitch it 's close to defeat flowey blame the heals .
the game it 's broken after kill the flowey .
game accomplished a new run will start with the frisk '' name gg wp .
i will update this asap english it 's not my native language so if you want to fix some of my sentences or want to fill what happened during the stream tell me w
↓ discuss down here if want to say something or ... ..whatever mettaton loves us .
i just wanted to run down a few things with you guys about running fallout 4 on your macs !
i 'm currently running windows 10 on a mid 2014 macbook pro 15 '' and here are my specs .
now if we compare my specs to the minimum that bethesda put out you can clearly see i 'm far behind expectations but i gave it a try anyways .
this is the game running on the lowest possible settings every setting i could tweak is turned to its lowest possible option that includes the absolute horrid resolution .
the game runs extraordinarily well i average 25-40 fps and occasionally it will dip into the upper teens during large combat scenes .
i however consider the low resolution almost game breaking due to how awful it makes the game look .
the game is however very playable if you can put up with the awful resolution so have fun !
as you can see the game on low settings looks pretty good i ran on low settings averaging about 12-15 fps hardly playable but maybe if you 're desperate enough you could make it work for you .
i had a real hard time aiming at 15fps and found that vats is truly the only way to accurately shoot hey look were fallout 3 again .
the game looks amazing running medium am i surprised my macbook did n't burst into flames ?
you can clearly see the big difference of the settings by analyzing the shadows between both pictures .
now lets get down to it was the game playable ?
it averaged about 10fps ignored numerous keyboard commands the mouse felt laggy and menus were jittery .
i 'll repeat for anyone who looks at the screenshot and thinks wow i can dig those graphics ! ''
the game is not playable on medium settings with these specs .
i made this post to underline some questions you guys might have had regarding your mac systems running this game so if you have any further questions please feel free to ask them !
do any current priv owners have the ability to send emails using the physical keyboard ?
i could 've sworn i had that ability initially but now have to press the send button in the upper right corner which is pretty inconvenient .
also is anyone having an issue with the subject field when trying to compose an email with the physical keyboard .
i type in the recipients email press enter which takes me to the cc field press enter again which quickly goes to the subject field then immediately jumps to the message body .
still getting used to android but love the phone .
it seems like mudiay does n't agree with our views on hickson being useless .
it seemed to me that the mudiay-hickson pick and roll happened so many times and i 'm thinking maybe jj can get his feel for the game back .
come and check out https nexious.com and be in to win 5btc if your the first block finder .
also 0 fees until the first block is found !
promotion runs until 15th november 12am gmt so come and join now !
the uar governments in places such as kuwait have been ineffective for many many years since the dissolution of egypt which was the head state .
kuwait has been barely able to support its people and has seen very little foreign representation or involvement in diplomatic affairs .
as such sultana ellaria al saud and eve ai met with the previous government of kuwait .
a rough draft of the new leadership structure will have a representative from kuwait titled with either governor or emir .
and this leader will oversee much of the kuwaiti province while also representing the kuwaiti people in the high council which will consist of the most influential people in the current kingdom .
a final draft of the structure should be out in the next 2 months or so .
has anyone had any trouble finding tickets in the lot before the show ?
this was how i was planning on getting a ticket .
i 'm currently in the process of picking this game up .
been loving ff14 and want to give 11 a go..but i 'm not sure which world to choose and google has been no help .
i 'm from australia and play on a jp server in ff14 .
this works out great as it brings my ping down by a large chunk due to isp routing .
i 'm wondering if there are similar worlds for ff11 which are jp based but have an english speaking population .
i 'm not really looking to get into raiding or group content atm as i do that in 14 ... so english speaking is n't necessarily a huge deal .
but if there is one such server then it would be ideal to have other english speaking individuals .
i have an fsa team issue crankset on a megaexo bottom bracket .
is there any way to get this thing off so i can swap a compact in without buying a self-extracting bolt ?
i 'm only 25 pages in but it seems like i missed where brett meets jake .
the first time it seems she is mentioned is when jake is at a dance bar with a prostitute .
he sees brett come in with some men but to the reader it seems as if he already knows her and apparently he does because they talk to each other as if they are good friends .
we currently have an individual subscription to apple music but if we change to a family plan will our music still stay separate ?
for example my husband and i have different tastes in music but we share an itunes account so i 'm wondering how the family plan works and if we can keep our music separate ?
i 've been playing trombone for almost 6 years straight now and pretty recently i 'm developing the habit of making small changes to my slide position to fine tune '' the note i am playing .
my band director has never said anything about it and i 've actually been going around advising the freshmen to do this .
except for the ones that take it out of context and start glissing their slide everywhere to try and find the note .
i was told by members of the marine corp band that certain notes even though played on the same positions might need small changes .
i 'm taking these small adjustments as me becoming a better trombone player but maybe i 'm wrong so i thought i 'd ask .
this is kind of unrelated but my logic behind the small adjustments being good is that a lot of other brass or woodwind players that i 've tried to tutor to play trombone fail miserably at playing trombone .
it 's probably partly because i suck at explaining but i also told them that trombone is not as perfect as pressing a button and getting that nice half step interval .
you need to learn the horn and adjust the slide position accordingly .
i have played bent trombones that were sharp because of this fine tuning '' trick that i do since i just adjusted the slide accordingly .
this is the time when they normally quit since they do n't want to deal with the hassle .
the reason i had to tutor them was because my band is lacking trombones especially in jazz band .
i am the only native trombone player in there .
the two others are just shoved in trombone players that can barely play .
one of them can hardly even read sheet music .
when i played that sharp bent up trombone i really started to appreciate the trombone haha
not a fan of the massive hud/menus now ... really prefer when they used to be smaller .
please give us the option to scale it back to our resolution ...
so does anybody know when the disc version of fallout 4 will be released in stores ?
i 'm guessing its a midnight release but i 'm not sure .
recently we 've been talking about how the odds had changed with the last update and it looks like it 's around 1 for a gold card drop .
but how about how often chests themselves are dropping ?
maybe it 's just me but i feel like i used to routinely get three or more chests in one battle and now it 's usually one two if i grind down a lot of creatures .
it seems like i can still get a decent amount of chests in f c though .
the list of all the games is updated after each sale so if an item is not present on the list i do n't have it in stock .
when you pay using the paypal good 's and services option you are subject to a 3.5 increase in the final price of the product .
all keys sold are taken directly from retail copies so you dont have to worry about them being revoked .
hey guys so my heater for my 120 gallon display tank just busted it started to melt itself .
do n't worry the temperature is fine but would any of the melted off parts of the heater harm the fish ?
like would any of chemicals from the plastic affect the fish ?
taking a friend who knows mechanics but had n't done raid yet .
hearing the guard come up the stairs before even entering the door andros stood up from his chair and waited .
he was in his solar presiding over expenses and messages from the rookery .
tysane had made it her duty to get him moving the past week and the exercise was certainly helping .
he felt slightly more limber and was able to get around the castle at a quicker pace .
he was grateful for that and eager to improve more .
the guard came through the door and exhaled before speaking .
your daughter has returned my lord. he was caught off guard by andros 's readiness for his arrival but quickly shrugged it off .
have her take the west entrance she brings a guest. andros said moving towards the door .
make sure no one sees them. he said wagging a finger at the guard .
my lord she is already inside hammerhorn. he managed to stutter .
andros stopped at the door and glared at the guard behind him .
you guards need to be quicker with urgent news.. he muttered limping out the door .
he knew better than to retort to andros 's comments .
did you see the guest ? andros said moving down the hallways his limping was decreasing .
yes sir your brother-in-law i believe. he said unsure .
andros kept moving down the hallway with the guard in tow .
andros pulled his grey hair out of his eyes .
how did my brother look ? he asked icey .
this time he turned his head around to look at the guard .
bruised had knicks all over his face covered in rags sir. he quietly added .
andros turned back around he had to to hide his smile .
coming into the guest hallway andros could see a womanly figure alongside what looked like a hunched over man .
on closer inspection he could easily identify his daughter tysha in her dark armor but still could not make out the man next to her .
the hunched man was in linen rags and absolutely filthy looking .
i brought you uncle duncan. tysha said looking down at the man .
duncan perked up and looked at andros standing before him .
your daughter abducted me killed my crew ! he cried gesturing with his bound hands .
the hallway was empty besides them and the guard that had followed andros he ended up waving him off so they could be alone with duncan .
have you g-gone mad ? duncan stuttered spitting as he talked .
andros glared at the hunched man and squatted so he was eye level with him .
why would they go to war with us if they had no idea what happened ? andros said grabbing his face so hard the scabs on his cheeks burst open .
tysha what did you do to him ? he asked looking to his daughter .
her eyes shimmered and a wicked smile appeared on her face as she spoke .
i made some shallow cuts on his skin and broke his wrist .
actually i may have let my men give him a good few beatings .
he did not say anything andros nodded slightly off put by her plain delight in the torture .
bring him to the dungeon no more than that tysha .
i will be down there shortly he spoke quickly before briskly walking back towards his solar .
unsure of how much time had passed andros finally made it down into the dungeons .
he was carrying a bundled cloth as he descended the stairs into the dankest reaches of the dungeon .
there were three cells inside but duncan was in neither .
he was bound to the wall in the middle of the room crying .
a fiendish whore you should have seen the way sh duncan was silenced by a quick backhand from andros .
he looked at duncan 's right hand and sure enough there was a finger missing that was recently taken .
she ca n't follow a damn order from her father .
if you speak of your niece in such a way again you will never die .
after tonight you will beg me to kill you .
unless you answer my questions that is. he leaned in smiling at duncan .
he walked over to the nearest cell and hung his cloak over the bars .
now why did you kill my wife ? he asked turning towards duncan .
andros sighed and laid out the bundle of cloth revealing knives and other tools .
andros picked up a short knife the blade was no longer than his pinkey .
he turned it in his hands as he approached duncan looking coolly at him .
i think i will take a finger myself. he said grabbing duncan 's arm and forcing the blade through his palm .
duncan screamed and writhed calling for help but andros knew no one could hear into the dungeon .
he could scream all he wanted and no one would ever know he was down there .
duncan 's finger fell to the floor once andros got to the bone seemed the bone hurt him the most .
sweat was pouring down duncan 's face along with tears and blood from his opened scabs .
i will take another. he said raising the knife again .
duncan went ballistic this time yelling for andros to stop .
this time he paused right before the knife slid in .
when we were kids we we often fooled around .
she never s-saw it as more but i grew to love her .
i did not kill her though andros ! he wailed .
andros looked upon the man with disgust and thrusted the blade into the soft skin of duncan 's hand .
he howled as andros ripped a massive gash in palm .
he backed away and placed the knife back on the cloth before picking up a hammer .
he started to turn when he heard quiet laughing .
andros 's hairs on his neck pricked up something was wrong .
duncan 's face grew dark as he gazed up at andros .
poison i am appalled your maester had not the slightest clue .
i told her that she should come back home be with me .
if i could n't have her neither could you .
i slipped the poison one day while i was visiting .
it would n't take effect till after i left. he said half through laughs and cries .
the bitch resisted he was a loose cannon at that moment the hammer came in shattering whatever it impacted .
he could feel duncan 's bones break and splinter wherever he struck .
his shoulder was caved in a bone stuck out of his forearm and his bottom jaw hung loose streaming blood .
the crimson liquid spilling on the floor staining it a deep red .
andros just stood there gazing as his wife 's killer slowly drifted closer to death .
duncan breathed heavily his throat rattling as he drew in .
he tried to say something but his hanging jaw prohibited him from doing so making it sound more like guttural sounds .
andros listened as his breaths grew shallower and shallower until the last of duncan 's life ebbed away into the void .
his eyes closed and his body went limp as his head sagged forward .
any other man andros would have put them down out of mercy but not him .
so my girlfremd and i have been having problems shes been stayimg at her moms .
ive never told her about this part of me btw .
my parents know because they 've caught me when i was younger .
so im alone in our apartment wearing 3 depends diapers no short no shorts just the diaper which is soaking wet btw .
i fall asleep watching netflix and guess what girlfriend walks in .
she leaves upset but i get a text that she wont tell anyone and wants to get help with me .
i used to play vanilla diablo 3 on my ps3 and was at the time trying to beat inferno difficult and having a kick doing that .
i missed the expansion and all the changes that came after now with my ps4 i got on board again and started all over again with my gf thinking about the challenge that nightmare and hell would be with her .
and after i finished the game on what i thought was normal i tried to find nightmare mode to discover that it was ... ..gone ?
grind endlessly on torment i on adventure mode so you can grind endlessly on torment ii so on ?
at least vanilla d3 had a sense of objective .
beating inferno was no easy task and even hell was a nice challenge .
they tried to make the game infinite '' but imo they only made the game boring .
there is nothing more boring than a mmorpg and that is what blizzard tried to make of d3 .
lets keep it positive respectful and thank blizzard for making this happen ! !
yeah man if you do well in wt it feels amazing .
i 'm a bit late to the party but what is your thoughts on the new heroes reborn series ?
i actually really enjoyed your characters dynamic with hiro during the original series .
any chance of you being part of that universe again ?
i 'm saying this with kind of weird creepy pride but i pirate the shit out of new total war games on launch play them with all their bugs and crap and eventually buy the game of the year edition with all patches and fixes like a year later .
been doing it since total war rome i and it works wonders .
i 'm validating the integrity right now bought it on steam and if that does n't work i 'll try the beta update .
i like it a lot so far but i crash every 20 minutes .
if the season goes to shit and one of them has to go ?
you fire karl and now you 've got to find a replacement coach and have players adapt to a completely new system .
you trade cousins you maintain the system and only a few new guys have to adapt .
plus karl 's system has worked in the past .
i love boogie but if i was a betting man i 'd probably lean toward sticking with karl and letting boogie finally get a change of scenery .
however i still want to see how this plays out .
i think these guys are good enough to turn it around .
or how chainmail is still absent from the gameplay but there nonetheless ?
or how minecart furnaces still ca n't do what they 're designed ta do ?
yes you do which is the point i 'm trying to make here .
if you upgrade activated '' version of windows you get a hw tied license of according w10 version .
i recently replayed mgs1 i can say its the best version compared to the others .
iv played it dozens of times on ps1 and a couple on ps3 and the pc version is better .
the only problem the pc version has is that when you reach a segment where a irl cutscene plays for example the one with the nukes during the conversation with the armstech president you dont get video and only the sound plays .
also thers a small glitch with stealth camo but its nothing serious .
an inspirational quote from sane supporter stephen fry on depression
if you know someone who 's depressed please resolve never to ask them why .
depression is n't a straightforward response to a bad situation depression just is like the weather .
try to understand the blackness lethargy hopelessness and loneliness they 're going through .
be there for them when they come through the other side .
it 's hard to be a friend to someone who 's depressed but it is one of the kindest noblest and best things you will ever do . ''
i 'm pretty sure it was all concentration on the job ... anyways..
i do n't think he took any comics to read ...
i found the same with middle age male students when i was a uni .
though i guess they 're not as bad as those in other games .
try this https www.reddit.com/r/fo4/comments/3s4y20/psa_getting_stuck_at_terminals_here_is_a_fix cant guarantee it will work only worked for me when i used a 3rd party fps limiter .
i think the slitheen looked great on the whole and i really want to see them back !
auto script edit clearly my time is better spent advising other groups of people .
i do n't think opening torch is good anymore because of signet of fury or that .
you can also get combustive shot in the rotation with signet of fury .
also you have viper+trait+food+smoldering which would make smoldering do nothing .
its a raider its a ghoul no its the wanderer
lucky they did n't burn the airport and take the flight controller 's head .
his first name got turned into a frigging month that 's how important he was .
enjoy playing your now-popular champion when everyone will want to play the skin d
smiling at people that i want to throttle the crap out of .
if you hop on a cycle to combat body dysmorphia you are walking down a dangerous road !
you will feel like killing yourself when you see your body shrink in front of you .
except that no contract was signed with hoppa only a letter of intent to sign .
any hugeass project faces blowouts you can be sure a 90 ftth rollout would never have been done for 40 billion either especially when the asbestos pits and whatnot started coming into the light too .
in the end fttn will still be cheaper than rewiring 90 of houses straight to the phone port shit would 've gone over 100 billion easy .
i got 1300 points on a single post today no skin off my back .
i have zero problems with the rituals of i could do them myself in four player .
i hate having to rely on someone who might as well be afk to pack a punch my weapons
oh sweetie you mean because it has dogs in it ...
i hope the article did n't come off as having a go .
been watching the clone wars and there are some brutal deaths in that show .
people get shot in the head point blank all the time saw a shark alien blown up into little chunky bloody bits and his head floating in full frame laser shots getting people and seeing them exist out of the other side and tons of full on lightsaber stabbing .
i 've no idea how they get away with half the shit they show on there .
people specifically saying they 're going to kill other characters .
and yet yu-gi-oh never had anyone die playing card games rather they went to the shadow realm '' .
not cs valves fault that you get scammed because you are naive and or stupid
just to clarify i 'm not asking you to do this for me .
i 'm asking you to do this for me .
the amount of money raised and the number of endorsements received are much better predictors than poll results 3 months before anyone even votes .
ultra '' god rays is broken and halves fps .
makes great use of my hex-core xeon w ht .
i 've pretty much just discovered these guys all worked together .
i have been showing their content to friends for years and just started connecting the dots .
i am still discovering some of their shit from the beginning and i 'm blown away with how far they 've come since then .
the podcasts help to understand them as people a bit but who really knows how badly they actually struggle to give us what we want .
hell potato salad gave us a ridiculous glimpse of how well these guys can work together so we can have a laugh .
i 've said this before but the independent video market is going to change within the next year and everyone relevant needs to find where they fit in it .
you just hit a guy like you always hit a guy in the nfl it 's just in this situation you target something specific on their bodies like their knees or head .
that 's why it 's so easy to get away with this stuff in the nfl people naturally get hit throughout the course of the game .
it 's pretty hard to prove '' someone targeted someone intentionally unless there 's a smoking gun like that gregg williams audio .
long live the cast i need my movies to sleep to .
i imagine a satisfying little tremor runs through my glass of brandy whenever the gun upstairs goes off .
i can agree on the 'outfucked by random shit ' part but it still feels like the enemies are just getting lucky the last few days rather than cheating .
all of xi 's servers are in japan as far as i 'm aware .
just go with asura as it 's the one that english-speaking players are migrating to with the death of other servers .
check my reply to u/aquinnahguy the video explains it hopefully
i see a lot of people constantly saying this but to be honest i 've had nothing spoiled here as of yet and i come here at least once a week .
i only open threads with specific spoiler tags for books i 've read though .
i thought your comment was appropriate for some reason but after posting i realized how wrong i was .
i apologize for having you waste a good comeback .
if you want please post it to my new comment .
have a great night i wish you the best my freind .
do n't play trove much however i have everything you 'd need in excess to make a new set if needed and extra class coins for like 4 new classes to come .
op '' if you want to debate racism why not put it in the title instead of trolling r/trackers .
country bans have nothing to do with racism as well you know it .
the biggest complaint actually is that the engineers working on this project are not properly applying scientific methods .
i do n't think there are any opponents of the emdrive itself .
most nerdy science types that object to these results would be thrilled for it to be true .
we 'd just like them to go about it in proper scientific fashion which so far they have n't .
all you need is one character on a server .
find friends in a guild and just play your alts with them
just take care to write your policy in such a way that are n't rate-limiting local traffic like to your local file-server/etc along with your internet traffic .
unfortunately for many of us the vagina is the forbidden vagina ...
i believe we would give pakistan predators long before we gave them to india and i do n't see that happening either .
we are allies with pakistan and have fairly warm relations with india .
it is not in our interest to sell india something which they could use to make incursions .
the only reason i could see giving pakistan the drones would be to boost their own coin ops and even then i do n't think we would give them to pakistan over fears of provoking india as there really is n't much that the drones can do that pakistan 's existing f16s ca n't .
i had a cat that was the runt of the litter .
when she was about a year old we had a pheasant fly into the side of the house .
we thought that it was dead considering the loud thud it made .
my stepdad went outside to investigate and angel the cat followed .
she walks from the porch to the side of the house stealthly just like all cats do when they hunt .
the bird kicks her in the face as it tries to snap out of it 's confusion .
she tries a second time and the bird kicks her two more times .
my mom and i started laughing after we verified that she was n't hurt in her attempt to be the great huntress .
but whenever i make guacamole it looks like it died .
and witcher 3 graphically wise it looks insanely hard to render but it 's one of the best optimized games of all time .
he 's easily one of the dumbest people in the league .
i gave him an uber ride and he ordered 60 soft tacos from del at 3am then tried to fight the dude at the pickup window .
if i could n't see and was listening to the show i 'd think it was the same actor .
well it is a game set in a world that 's stuck in the 50 's flattering underwear was n't really a thing back then .
and the young men who go into jail for bullshit reasons have to learn how to be a full on criminal to simply survive prison and then come back to their neighborhoods after release with zero chance of gainful employment .
but the right will just keep on blaming pot hip-hop and single mothers .
i already replied to op inquisitively but he/she has a lot of responses .
i was so young but that 's what got me into mgs .
you play up until you go into the ventilation shaft after seeing the hind and huh whose footprints are these ? ''
yeah played it a shitload but was so young .
i get the feeling that the perspective adding more to the size of this shark to the viewer .
not that i am saying it is n't the biggest great white just that to us it looks even bigger .
gendered slurs are strictly scrutinized please see our gendered slurs policy guide .
if you edit your comment let us know and it may be reinstated .
message/compose ? to=/r/askwomen subject=why+was+this+removed ? message my+comment https www.reddit.com/r/askwomen/comments/3s7ncy/did_your_parents_go_to_college_what_level_of/cwuwhfh was+removed+and+i+do+not+understand+the+reason+given+by+the+mod+who+removed it .
sometimes people stand close and watch so nobody jumps in as soon as you get off they probably were n't trying to be intimidating .
it 's a pretty simple interaction though goes like this every time
person how many sets do you have left ? ''
you x to go would you like to work in ? ''
if they say yes let them work in and help swap the weights around .
if they say no ok i 'll come and let you know when i 'm about to finish up '' .
that way they wont be worried about someone else taking the equipment before them and will probably give you some space .
if miiverse drawings are fine ... this is my submission lol
people complain about solo queue getting matched with bad players .
so the logical person decides to go out and find other people they play well with .
people that have n't figured this out yet and are bothered by it feel cheated for whatever reason .
this bike is designed to have all the 'cool ' things but will be functionally useless .
my friend bought a better bike for £40 recently .
i 'd prefer williams because his run game is a lot better at this point fucking unger trade .
i was curious if the beta knew i purchased the game since i only got into beta from buying the game you know .
walk on a floor thats not strewn with rose petals .
what level of racism is appropriate to get an authority figure involved for you ?
i hate the jazz and their fans more than i thought humanly possible .
i ca n't wait to graduate and return to h-town .
as for this situation the people siding with her are being irrational like ben carson-reality-is-comprised-of-unicorn-farts irrational .
one approach may be to pre-arm yourself with facts or even go as far as to print out some articles .
google the one from this last october about toddles and guns for example .
people are getting shot by toddlers on a weekly basis this year '' .
i mean you are in the right here and do n't have to do jack but it 's an idea of how to navigate the bullshit people are spewing at you .
you could show you are n't judging you are protecting your kids from things that are there not from opinions you invented in your head .
if you remind me of heath bell again i 'm gon na ban you
is it the churches or is it the society wide brainwashing with almost everyone from politicians the media etc in on the act ?
the er nurse told me a lot of this as well .
since i had the flu and had been sick for a few days i had n't noticed how much/how little i was drinking water or urinating .
i tried to remain hydrated though but like i said sick ...
looking back i realize how little i actually was eating drinking or using the bathroom .
and with that fresh in my mind i 'm paying very close attention to how much i drink .
and not just water i 'm drinking a lot of gatorade per doctor 's recommendation .
also after having therapy tonight i realize just how much i tend to put my health absolute last .
and i need to start putting it first and foremost .
and this is really evident in the rest of my life too .
so my health will become the most important thing in my life .
it will take some serious mental reform because i 've conditioned myself this way for years but i know it is crucial .
i 'm aware of a triple negative i 'm saying that i was the one who was drunk .
the fight vs batroc in the beginning was also pretty good .
if kurt cobain saw you wearing that patch he would shoot himself again
really any show with not too much chronological plot lines going on .
i called him noche it 's spanish for basically the same thing . ''
you think we 're still going to be running java in 2050 ?
as the teams only scorer who can create his own shot
bjj is already steady state cardio as it is .
with hiit like training if you 're doing some hard rolling
my little brother once asked me to make him a triple meat subway club footlong which was 24 pieces of turkey 24 pieces of ham and 18 pieces of roast beef .
if my managers had even given a single fuck they would n't have let me take it home but they did n't and so i got the satisfaction of saying i told you it would be disgusting '' when he actually tried to eat it .
or possibly the other levels government who fund other transit systems more than ours .
it 's pretty clear there are player behavior monitors etc involved in champ select that the behavior team has to make sure are working correctly ?
i used to go to a beer lovers meetup that was good until it got too big .
i 've now got a regular hobby so i have n't used it in awhile .
your submission has been removed because book suggestions/recommendations are supposed to go in our weekly recommendation thread https www.reddit.com/r/books/search ? q=automoderator+weekly+recommendation sort=new restrict_sr=on or r/suggestmeabook click here to post !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/books if you have any questions or concerns .
remember shadow mantle 's 6p only applies to the first target hit so i think i would try grievous wound instead for even more single target damage and let fan of knifes take care of aoe .
coincidentally one of the better runes or is it just my favorite ?
for fan of knives assassin 's knives is also a physical rune .
college kids are the worst because they 've never been told any better by mommy and daddy that the rules do in fact apply to them .
you do n't know these kids they were having a post game party .
it could have been solved with a simple keep it down . ''
you are the one projecting your own problems with neighbors on to a situation you had no stake in .
yea that 's really not cool of them but just keep looking .
think positive and good things will come and remember the work you put in now as you get settled into the new city and get your life together will pay massive dividends in the future so keep at it
not saying they should put it on a timer ... but it 's incorrect to think it would cost more to heat it back up .
maintaining temperature takes more energy than letting it cool and heating it back up .
googled a kid from grade school after i heard he knocked up a chick from my roommates high school
oh i see you have since instigated a riot on a bus
ah you also robbed someone and dropped your cell phone at the scene which is how they caught you
yeah that republican governor is so sneaky that he is secretly screwing over the whole state while enjoying a 70 approval rating .
no idea why they downvoted you as this is 100 true .
ffa seems to not have loss forgiven for joining games in progress .
i know because i lost my 100 win rate by joining a game where 3 people had 10 kills already .
did the streams go down or is it just my shitty connection
that 's pretty demeaning to men and men 's sexuality do n't you think ?
i think it depends on whether you put a connotation on the words .
without any positive or negative connotation a woman 's sexual game theory optimizes around lots of investment into a few mates .
a man 's sexual game theory optimizes around lots of investment into a few mates plus a little investment into basically anywhere he can put it .
i 'm a man and i 'm an mra and i really hate how our culture demonizes male sexuality .
but i think it 's totally accurate to say that men have looser sexual standards than women the simple biology of it means that it would make the most sense for a man to have the instinct to basically fuck any women who will let him .
or to look at it another way the downside to a woman just having sex with anyone who comes along is that she loses the opportunity to mate with more promising mates .
the only downside to a man having sex with anyone who comes along is he loses that time spent having sex .
he can get someone pregnant and then get someone else pregnant within an hour and keep doing that .
any given pregnancy is n't preventing the other ones from happening .
the mayor in my city recently said it 's illegal '' to self-deal for his muslim friends .
throw as many charges as they can and hope one of them sticks to justify their actions .
i 've seen stories where they never explained their charges .
waited until the guy was in jail and then leafed through the book to figure out the charges .
this is horrible advice and will give you a hernia .
inhale pre lift exhale during lift inhale on the way back down .
a simple way of remembering is you breathe in to fill your muscles and brain with oxygen exhale during load to not spike your blood pressure and pass out then inhale on the way down .
start your breathing as soon as motion begins in either direction .
this guy held his breath and suffered the consequences .
i like this 3d model series of worldbuilding a lot .
id rather spend 60 on an unfinished game with hundreds of hours of content over a bug free game with 20-30 hours of gameplay .
it can also be seen in the glitchy version of the titles for a few frames .
similarly atolls should function as both land and sea like cities .
ah my friend i see you are new to the victim game
i can see you 're not new to the victim game you 've been playing the victim for years now !
he 's a horrendous coach and his studs are bailing his lack of feel for the game out .
i ca n't hear enough of it to say for sure .
that sound was everywhere at the time this scene was filmed could be any number of singers .
i do n't remember honeslty i just picked the first one that looked good to me
i remember a friend showing me it in the ruling house mission .
he thought that would be where you got the stormcaller subclass .
ditka with his hands in the air bears players in the background .
much better than the one i posted a couple seasons ago .
i watched a genocide run of undertale today and holy cow i 'd never be able to do that .
i thought it was just killing whatever gets in your way .
you have to systematically hunt down and eradicate every last monster you can find .
also did that run seriously make me pity flowey ?
both on the player 's heart and fingers considering that sadistic final boss fight .
i also watched the turn of the golden witch arc of the umineko anime having finished the corresponding game yesterday .
the events covered by the last episode of the arc should have taken at least two or three episodes in my opinion .
i felt way more emotional at the deaths in the game than in the anime since the game gave me reason to care about the characters .
but like dangan ronpa 's anime umineko 's anime had to rush it in favor of the plot .
before i graduated high school i took a college class through a special summer program at harvard .
as such the transcript from that needed to be sent to my current college so i could register for my fall classes .
turns out they lost that transcript so it needed to be sent again before i could register for spring classes .
i requested harvard to do that on the 29th and the admissions office still has n't received the darned thing .
supposedly today was the deadline it had to be in by or else i would n't be allowed to register at all but my family has a connection at the school that could chalk it up to extenuating circumstances and overrule the policy if push comes to shove .
after all it 's not my fault the transcript has n't been delivered after two freaking weeks .
and it 's not my fault that it might actually be there already and they just have n't found it yet .
man all the classes i want are gon na be so full ...
step up mode on hard is really really difficult and i was having a lot of trouble on this one step that would hide the notes right before you had to hit them .
but i cleared that step and a few others today and i 've just got one left to go .
tomorrow i 'll go meet with an academic adviser to make sure the online system knows i 'm double-majoring not single-majoring and also to finalize the schedule of classes i want to take next semester .
i just need to confirm a thing or two .
aotd1 i try to live so that i do n't have anything to regret .
but at the moment it would probably be not noticing the problem described above sooner and getting it resolved sooner .
to be fair though i was only able to learn about the problem by logging into the thing that is only used for class registration and nothing else so ...
aotd2 well you already know i like manga and light novels so i 'll go into genre instead .
fantasy and slice-of-life make up a huge portion of my bookshelf since that 's what 's most common but what i like the most is horror .
you do n't see much of that because it 's really hard to pull off in manga form and as far as i know the higurashi series is the only one that 's done it well .
that 's not to say the fantasy and slice-of-life genres are bad .
just take a look at assassination classroom spice and wolf or accel world .
i think i was in a similar position to yourself .
i was always interested in architecture but the chance did n't really show up until i was in my mid twenties .
i did n't do anything art related in school no art technical drawing engineering technology my subjects were chemistry physics and accounting .
i submitted my portfolio which i had completed myself in my own time nothing complicated a lot of pencil sketches some colours stuff some social awareness ... to this day i have been told my interview for admission was one of the best the school had ever seen .
i 'm not quite sure why but there you go .
it 's not something you need to do from the time you were knee high to a grasshopper .
you just need to show some enthusiasm for learning .
do n't do what a lot of students do which is think you know it all on the first day .
because of your background is say start putting together some kind of portfolio .
it does n't have to be good it just has to show potential .
do n't just sketch so that there 's an extra page in your portfolio .
sketch because you want to because you 're interested in what you 're doing .
riot give money to teams and team pay the players .
that 's like 12500 per split per player then riot also gives money to pay gaming house and other stuff .
also the teams can pay another salary from their own funds but they do n't have to .
here in scandinavia they would sometimes even brew 3 times on the same malt creating an ever weaker brew .
normal sweet '' milk was often reserved for old people or kids .
i soak them first in water overnight rinse then i use the mixture .
it was actually soy sauce balsamic vinegar and chicken stock .
i do n't not have the game yet and i may not be an mature adult but i 'll post my character here without an irl of me on the side .
maybe throw in some sg-1 too for good measure watch firefly as well .
dammit i keep wanting to add more but do n't want to exceed the character limit for posts
i plan on getting 2 after i beat 1 .
hard to embrace your natural colour when you live in australia and can get sunburnt just walking across the car park !
the thing is they seem to want to encourage teamfighting more with the removal of exp stat but theyre doing the complete opposite by devaluating visually the amount of kills you participate in a teamfight .
no nazeebo is gon na feel good when they see 0 kills/30 assists when they see their nova having like 20/10 .
i hope blizz takes note of this and that their new kill stat system crashes and burns .
i would like to do something similar any tips for me ?
justin bieber knows how to play the guitar and i think the piano ?
he has a good singing voice and he has broke out the brat persona hes been 4 years ago .
thats just a big numer because his music panders to tweens and teenage women just like elvis and the beatles .
mainstream radio has some good songs here and there .
i dont really glorify the bands of le olden time but i listen to some of them .
but i wont say that mainstream music today is much worse .
bands are just hired men today because no one of them are making something revolutionary anymore .
sorry m8 advancements happen to anything and that applies to music as well
if you 've not used other services you 're going to be happy with what you 've got .
so all this tells us is that they surveyed a bunch of people who only used iphone .
they did n't ask which one of these three do you like best ? ''
they asked users of each to rate their satisfaction with the one they were using .
siri users were more satisfied with siri than google now users were with google now .
i got opal jewelry and i think the entire process for me cost about 400 before a tip .
they lasted a little over a year with me having to push them back in and avoiding hugs with people and being careful with bras and such ...
i 'm also very very skinny so the placement of mine was n't a very good idea plus i think the large opals i got were a little heavy .
i had two large opals on the inside and two small rhinestones on the outside .
the rhinestones were fine but i got them removed as well since they were too far apart to be by themselves .
gravity just was n't my friend so it was unavoidable .
i know if you get them above your collarbone you 'd have a better chance at keeping them there long .
but that 's not where i wanted them so i ignored that advice .
rip those dermals i loved them ... ... . if they could stay in place with me i would definitely get them again .
they just we not for my body type i guess .
i really do n't have any noticeable scarring from them either .
i still have the jewelry in case i ever decide to commit again .
if i knew how to post images on here i would .
i 'd show you what i had and the scarring they left .
a union where every hates the union because they do n't understand that ... they're the union !
with this luck it 's likely my computer would break before i got the chance to play but i like those odds
ehhhh there 's a lot of people who think he 's completely brilliant .
obviously not all of them but the crazies are definitely out there
that 80/20 figure was for sales in a quarter or something .
they will have 100 of sales if amd dies but less than 100 of the sub will be using them .
your misunderstanding he only found out how good it was during pro tour testing after the review ep .
imo complaining about opm 's fight scene seems to totally miss the whole point of the anime .
i know that but so many people seem to say that the fight scenes are the bread and butter of opm along with the comedy .
the post about 11 million was 8 months before ... . we only had a small bump during ti5 which disappeared immediately after
copper is somewhat rare do the material search for it so it 'll pop more obviously .
it is only found in about 5 different junk items .
on my seiko 5 baby monster '' the bezel has a slight spring action .
you push it down and set nice and smooth .
if you just turn without pushing it is rough .
my contemporaries would laugh me out of the building but i 'm really partial to acapella when i need to chill .
otherwise depending on mood i might go for a band https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=uldfx4cieno
12 am here and i 'm in the mood for some sleep can you tell me what the video is ?
the first one is lazy the second is carelessness and paranoia and the third is just ridiculous .
dvd cases even if you have 30 in a row take up barely any space physically .
those developers are getting owned by the big dogs anyway .
it 's noble but the idea that you 're helping the small guys out by not buying it physically so you ca n't sell it cheaper to someone who might want it later is a bit nutty .
if games go entirely digital the small developers that actually create what we end up loving will receive even less than they do now ... .
i 'm afraid i already have everything that you 've listed that i would be interested in .
if you 're interested in buying the supernova sway bitsy anyway please let me know !
the first order of business for legalization/decriminalization in the us is to put an end to the privatization of prisons .
private prisons are one huge opponent of decriminalization or legalization .
they make too much money off it being illegal right now .
you do realize there 's no basketball team in san diego right ?
also the lakers have a recognizable national brand unlike the chargers .
i would think the 35s would start to rub the unibody with the fenders out of the way .
2 '' and 33s would be mighty tempting for me ...
she also stabbed a walker in the chest about a dozen times .
well today was an interesting day buuuuut that 's about enough internet for me ...
i was worried about our rebounding against the drum-beast !
but again we are shamps for a good reason ! !
this is an obvious approach and there is no way they have n't considered it .
it 's discarded because it does n't put in team completion front and center .
while team play was an original design goal for hots i ca n't imagine that it is n't being slowly phased out .
team play focus was/is a unique selling point but it 's just not a point the broader moba player base is buying .
team play-focus is now a problem to be solved.solo glory is what sells so that 's what hots has to add .
for all i know i was the weird kid in my school days .
grew up to be the weird guy in my circle of friends .
pro-gg seems to be slower to reach for the downvote button even when the numbers are roughly equal .
quick to upvote things they agree with but less likely to downvote things they do n't .
this is completely at odds with everything i usually see .
i mean even right now your post is 2 and mine is 1 and i just responded to 3 in a row that were at least at 1 .
i think you 're seeing what you want to see .
you should n't be shitposter '' you should be unnecessary essay guy ''
this is the problem with the world because someone 's different than you they are wrong .
we 'll never achieve what we want until we realize that there is no the same as me '' .
it 's worth noting that nothing has actually happened .
it has all been a bunch of talk and declarations and posturing .
australia creates a concentration camps in a client state imprisons men women and children where they are knowingly beaten abused and raped .
then the govt 'proves ' the media has access by sending one just one dog fucking propagandist posing as a journalist .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/circlejerkaustralia if you have any questions or concerns .
however your submission https www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/3s8o6g/wtf_is_happening_on_college_campuses_mizzou has been removed for the following reason s
your headline must be comprised only of the copied and pasted headline of the article and/or a continuous quote taken from the article .
if using a quote it should reflect the article as a whole
we recommend not using the reddit 'suggest a title ' as it tends to not give the exact title of the article .
rehosted content http www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/rulesandregs wiki_ensure_that_you_are_using_the_original_source an article must contain significant analysis and original content not just a few links of text amongst chunks of copy and pasted material . ''
video links must be from the original source 's website youtube channel or affiliated website .
off-topic http www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/rulesandregs wiki_the_.2fr.2fpolitics_on_topic_statement all submissions to r/politics need to be explicitly about current us politics .
non-political news should be posted to r/news or to a state or city-specific subreddit
other material that is not explicitly political can be posted to r/politicaldiscussion
if you have any questions about this removal please feel free to message the moderators .
https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/politics subject=question regarding the removal of this submission by u/gingrich2016 message=i have a question regarding the removal of this submission .
but it 's probably a better idea to sell it
it looks like the antecedent says that x is a cat y is a dog and if anything z is a cat then z is y .
this means that if there is any cat z then z is both a cat and a dog because z y and y is a dog which is false .
if there are no cats at all then the initial conjunction is false .
either way the antecedent is false which makes the overall conditional true .
that would accord with your teacher 's answer but it seems like a weird example .
even though i most likely wo n't win thanks for doing this .
i wish you the best of luck with your bug !
why do n't you listen to an actual expert ?
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/circlejerkaustralia if you have any questions or concerns .
for real though that was a just a sneaky way for them to get passed censorship
they definitely could have done a better job promoting it but i 'm grateful they released a driver pack for the game !
i 'm curious why did you have to wait two weeks ?
you nerf him one of two things happens 7/9 classes no longer run a 7-drop and antonidas does n't generally get played on turn 7 anyway or everyone continued to use dr. boom .
dr. boom being an auto-include is n't strictly due to his power it 's simply that other 7-drops suck dick .
and nerfing it is n't going to fix that .
you play a 7-mana minion it should have an impact .
cool when you do.. post in here if you do n't mind
misread your initial comment as weak '' and not weaker '' .
great one handed catch at the end of the game .
it 'll be at least a week though before i can make another recording
i ran a short tabletop rpg campaign set in the one piece world a few years ago and it 's damn easy .
there 's been plenty of the world shown and yet there 's so much more that has n't or ever will be shown or talked about .
you can tell the players that do n't know anything about one piece just some basic world info and just let the players come up with anything for their characters and put it into the world without stepping on the cannon source much .
i centered the campaign around right after one piece starts in east blue so they are right behind the straw hats until they got to the grand line where they would go a different path and do whatever they want .
if they made it sabaody they would be another super rookie/supernova crew .
it was really interesting when i made random roll tables with all sorts of devil fruit ideas ranging from crappy ones to pretty good ones and gave everyone the choice if they wanted to be a devil fruit user or not .
only one player who was the captain decided to roll for a fruit roll d100 for type zoan logia etc .
then d10 to get specific power on that type 's table 1 being a bad power and 10 being the best he rolled parmecia and then rolled a damn 10 .
which was gravity powers couple of years before fujitora made his debut .
also two players made their characters flamboyant sword fencing brothers that were from a wandering island and one of their goals was to find it again .
other characters were a half or quarter giant a dwarf and a former marine captain .
hard ass school once you 're in but you wo n't have an issue getting accepted .
in america we have more varieties of peanut butter in a single aisle than you could possibly imagine in whatever shithole you had the misfortune of being born into .
we have plenty of the plain type too of course for all the milquetoasts out there .
coincidentally i 'm having dinner/beers with an real-life atp friend tomorrow evening and i 'm going to chat with him and get his opinion cause he knows more about my medical background than this sub and then likely contact an ame and maybe an aopa attorney .
knowing that i could get a medical if i set aside my meds it would n't kill me to do so i 'm likely going to continue my training .
unfortunately i really doubt my cfi is going to want to take a non-ppl student in a tailwheel and the cub is the only lsa they have .
how good it is will depend largely on how quickly the blade travels to the target location before it can be activated .
if it flies to the target location too slow someone can just see it come in mid air and change direction easily .
heroic leap is near instant but it 's only one action .
this ret leap '' has a double action requirement .
also without a snare/root at the arrival point targets will still escape easily .
hopefully they leave in a snare on some other ability that we can use like hamstring .
so ... you tame crazies and name them after coffee ?
but you seem to really like latte so technically you were cheating on him ?
good authentic discussion are you this condescending in real life ?
edit you meant the fans in chat i think .
my aim was to explain how the democrats shifted from focusing on class issues to focusing on race issues .
i even said that this shift made some sense at the time it happened .
i do n't know how you read this as some sort of attack on the democratic party and/or praise for the republican party .
i listened to a guy order a pretty weird sandwich a month ago .
it was a 6 inch italian herbs and cheese salami pepperoni cheddar cheese toasted a grip of pickles like double or triple what someone usually gets on a sandwich a little bit of lettuce ranch dressing salt and pepper and parmesan cheese .
i 've eaten some odd combinations of food stoned before but this weirded me out to the point that i still remember the exact order a month later .
um i 'm not trying to be rude but how do you get a sub 12 average when your oll times are almost the same time ?
you are very brave to have come on and talk with everyone .
you are stronger than you give yourself credit for op .
i think your thinking is conveluted and palistine is n't the innocent victim you think it is .
if you want to ask this a little clearer i can offer an opinion .
except you have autoreffing for the receiver in method calls so it 's only explicit with ufcs .
i wish i could sell him for something but theres no way to get value back at this point i feel like .
this is an interesting time in history to be alive .
someone posted it on this subreddit i think a few days ago
will corona pilgrim said it over and over again .
he mentions that some comics are canon like iron man i am iron man !
again in the interview with comicbook resources he says homecoming most wanted and operation hydra are n't part of mcu timeline while this sceptre 'd isle '' is canon .
there are a lot of citations and quotes here under the development '' heading
captain america thor avengers contradicts thor the dark world as both feature malekith .
this from comicbookmovies.com is an easy breakdown http www.comicbookmovie.com/comics/marvel_comics/news ? a=97874
i 'll have mine tomorrow and will post pics when it arrives .
you 're full tried to send you a request .
working on my sakuya team and have her in my bf slot and sometimes active .
the darkness if you 've played it you 'll understand why
i remember feeling sad for dante in devil may cry not sure if i cried though .
alundra for a 2d game that certainly hits a few horror notes and emotional notes .
i 'll need to complete that game some day ...
your post has been automatically removed because you did not include one of the required title tags .
if you want you can submit a new post http www.reddit.com/r/fawlessraiders/submit ? selftext=true .
please ensure that you include a tag at the start of your post so other players know what you are looking for .
examples include xb1 ps4 ps3 xbox 360 meta etc .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/flawlessraiders if you have any questions or concerns .
and here i thought the name calling was going to be related to bedroom role-playing .
if you were starving would you be willing to steal an apple from a grocer ?
those example were explained/debunked already on r/ancap many times .
just ordinary extreme aka lifeboat scenarios which are useless .
secret aardvark is good and hotter but more tomato-y .
definitely a bit hotter with a bit more complex flavor .
those essence just are n't designed to stay opened that long especially with mixing .
i left some leftovers in a clear dropper bottle once and it went cloudy in 2-3 days so i 'm trying to use them within 24hrs now .
if i win i 'll have to share this with my little brother but idgafffffffff l. thanks !
it 's almost definitely going to just be a curated list of mods that do n't add anything of any real value .
total agree ... but because of the digital age ... every sob on a bar stool is such an expert now outside the bar !
the trash that bears fans themselves have given to cutler has been really sad .
i 'm a huge believer that you stand by your team no matter what and your coach qb ... the whole nine yards until they 're gone .
especially get angry at ex-players ... who know exactly what these pros are going through and still trash them when expectations are n't perfectly met .
in today 's nfl parity and injuries have increased and many times..coaches have no choice but to grab from the bench and put players in who have n't had enough reps with starters .
but ... being an army vet and playing college rugby instead of high school and college football ... i have a total different concept of being a team player .
especially my army time and service to our great country ... it 's all about commitment .
some of my friends went by the plaza to see it .
and it 's pretty basic knowledge that following a program poorly and plateauing is n't helpful either .
you seem unwilling to consider it could be both .
all the other blizz games have them hots needs cheervos as well .
what 's with this trend of people dying after watching the force awakens ?
makeup as a hobby was new and exciting so i wanted all the things but now the 'new hobby novelty ' has worn off a bit i can take a stepback and be more practical about it .
this is exactly what happened to me early this year .
i 'm someone who when i get into something new i completely throw myself into it and am so enthusiastic .
so i got really obsessed with it and was spending all my disposable income on it .
after about maybe 8 months or so the obsession died down and my spending slowed down dramatically .
now i have to really love a palette or a lipstick to be compelled to buy it because i have more makeup than i know what to do with .
it 's a great cause and since every cent goes to aids i 'm happy to drop for a viva glam product even if i own something similar enough that i otherwise would n't buy it .
there was an r/denver thread about it yesterday i think if you want to check that out
the one on the right looks like he put his singlet on backwards
its all in the fucking graph i have posted a link to three times .
i 've had one dip on my xbox it was to maybe 15 and i played til 4:30 this morning .
as far as controls on pc well my pc is still in the building stages .
the ducky may be a little high but i 'm not sure since it 's a tkl but i bought a ds3 full a warmaster the same keycaps w browns and red led for 125 shipped not too long ago
i have an intel hd 4000 and even in windowed mode on the lowest settings it kept crashing .
one slice of my homemade bread one baked potato and a friend 's pulled pork .
oh haha i do n't think anyone 's done that yet but you can search for one and maybe show me if you find something like that .
why do you have an all seeing eye on your chest in that one pic ?
they 're about on par with their pot metal bretheren made by volunteer arms .
i 've tried pc but i just do n't care for and never really got the hang of m k i just prefer a controller which is a death sentence if you play pvp in shooters .
i also prefer to play on my tv vs a monitor and with me not being the only one using the pc it 's just not feasible to have it connected to the tv to play games .
i was hoping r6 siege would scratch that itch because of the way cod it going but it just does n't feel like a r6 game and there is no campaign which i really like to have as a fallback .
so i 'm going to hope that the new ghost recon is good even though i prefer fps over tps .
you may want to do some research before making such proclamations .
i like the contrast between the two alternating narrators of kafka .
kafka with this depressing realism and nakata with this surreal magicalism .
when you read the first few lines of the chapter you knew right away who 's talking .
norwegian wood is my first murakami book so it 's the first that made me feel that 'deep ache ' which is a trademark of murakami .
as someone who has only read typical ya books until then it was a shock to read something sooo different .
it had opened my eyes into a whole new world of books with actual unpredictable plots .
underground made me realize how important other people 's point of views are .
that in every event there 's probably 10000 different perspectives you have to consider .
while everyone liked 1q84 i personally think the story was dragged out too long .
if the copy i bought was the one with three separate books i would n't continue reading to the second book .
i guess it should be taken into account that by the time i 've read 1q84 i already read a lot of his works so the story got a bit dull for me .
do n't forget us valebros the northerners and the iron islanders .
pakistan says it wo n't take migrants with a criminal record back from eu '' .
unless you mean that there is a european union with a criminal record .
the same cross section is the first thing to look for .
i think the ontario government should liberalize alcohol sales but they should also keep the lcbos as they are quite honestly unmatched in quality and accessibility .
government monopolies are not the same as private monopolies where sole motivation is profit and there is no civilian oversight .
telecom and car insurance are other examples of well run government monopolies '' .
as long as they are satisfying our needs and wants they get to stay imo .
infant baptism is only an expression of the parents desires .
when a person is old enough to think for themselves .
he went down real easy with myself on my alt at 283 light and my friend about 260 light .
the video reveals absolutely no details about the identity of the guy in the back .
it does n't show his face and the officer does n't say his name .
it 's going to look like a truck version of a crossover because that 's what they 're selling in the rest of the world .
they wo n't design a new one for the us market .
the corners at the binding side are slightly dog-eared .
it 's bothering me more than i ever thought possible .
i enjoy playing with people who just enjoy playing .
i get really stoked doing just about anything in game .
i 'm hoping to finish the nm kings fall tonight to finish up the tom quest .
i have a mic and am stationed in italy currently .
yeah this is what i usually do in harder lanes .
the problem is that while it effectively stops something like a riven lane from snowballing it seems like darius flat outscales me eventually .
if i 'm farming under tower he gets to free farm if we have the same amount of cs he 's winning .
i do mean trading throughout the game as well not just early laning .
on the flip side of the coin though it bothers me when people act like there 's absolutely nothing that can ever be done to alleviate the effects of depression .
trying to look on the bright side counting your blessings watching cute videos spending time with loved ones eating your favorite food giving yourself a pep talk etc .
certainly wo n't make the problem go away but sometimes it can give that little push that can help you get through the day .
source i 've suffered serious depression my whole life .
first time i 've seen a 06 chopped up .
you got the reliability of the new school brains and the old school look .
and a few hundred years later catholics and lutherans settled the theological underpinnings of the disagreements .
luther was hunted and his followers killed but eventually lutherans and protestants found a way to function in society alongside catholics .
the anabaptists were a part of a different uprising called the radical reformation .
they preached that no one was allowed to personal possessions everything needed to be shared equally it was a communistic doctrine .
they even preached that those not with them were against them .
this all culminated in a town called muenster germany were anabaptists believed that the second coming was nigh and the chosen would be taken soon .
they then infiltrated the city administration exiled all catholics lutherans and protestants from the city .
had all remaining residents turn all of their belongings in to them jewelry etc .
and made it a law that everyone had to leave their doors open so that anabaptists leaders could check on them whenever they wanted .
they also re-enacted old testament law the ten commandments and made any violations if them punishable by death .
a local black smith spoke out against them and was brought before the city and brutally executed .
the anabaptist leaders started preaching that all unbelievers be put to death .
the anabaptists then made polygamy a law and the men started marying girls as young as 13 i believe .
this all culminated in the local prince laying siege to the city for months in an attempt to take it back .
eventually the city fell and the maniacal anabaptist leaders were put to death .
twitter is a good resource to see if that info has been released .
just search for your goalie to check out any recent news .
but espn will usually pick it up and post it .
also the score app will have an expected/confirmed starter for all games on any given night .
maybe you thought the outstanding issues were not severe enough to hold the release but upon final testing it was decided that they were .
maybe the issues were thought to be fixed but then were found out not to be .
jancok here s p e c t r e http imgur.com/dbbrn7s
jancok here scouts guide to the zombie apocalypse http imgur.com/dbbrn7s
there 's not much you can do except plead your case and hope someone changes their mind .
especially in european cities you have situations where traffic is stuck and more pedestrians than cars are on the road walking randomly .
i fear that self-driving cars bring us back into the age of grade segregation of traffic .
that 's what happens when you get all your news from r/politics .
humans are mostly intelligent beings and need to stop procreating uncontrollably .
but we have so many members in this sub i think we should be able to get 10 to 15 submitters a night .
that 's like 1 of 1 of 1 of the total sub .
but with the 'haha gotcha ' factor at the end unlike the homophobic pastors .
it said women are paid 14.2 less per hour than what men are paid
with that the missed crisis probably some starving the game ended when i moved to the gas station and ... .tooth .
all i need was one gas can which happened to be on the top of that deck .
what 's he gon na do call the cops ?
about 3am when he is done selling and stoned himself .
of course this is a hypothetical theory i would never or am not planning to do it.ka-ching ! lol .
holy fuck im so jealous ... . my character is 10 int ... .. fuck i wan na restart
when the raiders first moved there they were a damn good team perineal playoff team and champions of the 1983 season .
by 1988 low attendance was a problem fans did n't seem to care as much and relocation rumors started .
the chargers as much as i love them are historically mediocre .
this idea that moving to la is will somehow make them a better in any way has nothing to back it up .
if they move get that new stadium the best case scenario is cowboy stadium lite .
fancy new digs hollywood types casual fans enjoying cocktails and 60 pizzas in the many bars and restaurants all while opposing fans cheer their team on .
use a backslash before the octothorpe or else markdown picks it up as an h1 tag ...
certainly not trying to excuse things but maybe it was an accidental pregnancy ?
probably did n't realize she was pregnant till after he was gone .
every scripting language can natively parse it into its special arrays .
no they said it was faster than the other big ships ...
i sincerely doubt the speeds it 'll reach will be considered fast as fuck ''
as for the firepower do n't forget this is meant to have the same level of power as the other huge ships not a tiny lil fdl
so a 'no ' on a system that curbs the profit incentive from creating waist and innefficiency at the benefit of insurance companies .
and your reasons because of a hypothetical about how suddenly traffic will get worse and because the word free '' is scary ... single payer does n't equal free .
your comment is full of confidence but devoid of substance .
but we should expect loads of troll comments trying to create fear doubt and confusion to protect the current system .
i have a cyrix 6x86 for pentium boards sitting around with the cooler still .
and an amd k5 pentium compatible that was stuck on a 486 upgrade pin package to upgrade 386 and 486 systems to pentium speed without pentium price .
contact your homeowners insurance company now and put it on record what happened when where how and why .
they will handle the legal defense if the need should arise .
i have the hero4 session as well quality could be better but it 's worth it for the form factor .
it is n't just a matter of spouse and kids .
the question is was it feminists or just the daily mail who are classic jack thompson https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=5ewfj1kshci shit or did actual feminists write the dm article ?
it would have to be a feminist author to be feminist hypocrisy .
though i think anita was complaining it encouraged violence against women
mainly just u/orkishblade and i competing to see who has the bigger d10
and i want running backs tired of starting jeremy hill .
williams has to be straight up 1 for 1 for green .
he sent me an offer of justin forsett and frank gore for aj green .
ugh your post is full of so much hyperbolic bullshit i 'm not even going to try to reply .
you do realize certain heroes are better at certain stuff and will be evaluated differently ?
nova getting kills is much more important than a warrior for example
my chris ivory for his tj yeldon and andre ellington .
my rb core is eddie lacy chris ivory melvin gordon and cj anderson
me and my buddy have done it by 6 .
just do as much as you can each round .
round 3 open up one complete area and do everything in one beast mode etc .
if you work efficiently enough you can have it done early .
unless a hash function is horribly broken it is intentionally very very hard read impossible for all realistic scenarios to derive the source data from a hash of the source data .
for example here https www.debian.org/cd/verify are the keys and hashes for the current distributions of debian linux .
you will find it very hard to tell me the exact binary data of debian linux based just on that hash .
however if i give you a bunch of data and say this is debian linux trust me . ''
you can quickly see if i am a liar or not by checking the hash .
to offer those features they just need to provide an encoded value that was not a hash at all but could be conveniently passed around .
i will ask different agencies and clinics about how they proceed .
and the charity streams need to be approved as a 503.1c tax exempt
it is 501.3c and it is n't the people streaming who need it .
it 's the organization who actually receives the money .
if someone wants to set themselves up as the 'speech police ' they are free to do so just as you are free to ignore them and say what you want anyways .
they are then free to complain about you and are free to advocate for example throwing you out .
you may not like that but that 's freedom of speech for you .
you 're certainly free to advocate that they are expelled as well .
some apartments near ucf are affiliated with ucf but i believe you need to be attending ucf in order to live in them .
i 'm not sure if they will accept students from valencia .
they are not much cheaper than non affiliated apartments but they do usually come pre-furnished .
the furniture can be pretty shitty and a lot of students end up storing it and buying their own .
i 've never heard of an apartment having a college discount .
outside of that you 'll need to use google to find an apartment .
keep in mind that some apartments are subsidized by the government and they typically do n't accept students since they are meant for the poor .
if you see a really cheap apartment that might be the case and it 's best to call them before you do a tour to see if they accept students so you do n't waste your time .
most apartments and houses are not furnished so you will need your own furniture .
you 'll always have input lag with lower fps and i think v-sync just adds on to that .
do you want a game that is n't buggy or do you want better higher fps with less input lag .
yeah i knew that but i swear a report came out on friday saying he 'd be back sooner due to the rollins situation .
blizzard is lazy and instead of taking botting countermeasures they just banned everyone with golden shaman portrait .
and it 's not very hard to make from common household items .
the trick is that if a playtester communicates this is fun '' or this is boring '' they 're telling the truth .
if they start telling you this is why this is fun '' or this is why this is boring '' they 're full of shit almost every time
otherwise i 'd say that 's someone getting the last wish of their life and its sad but beautiful .
be consistent if there is bad behaviour there needs to be consequences .
most women dont get that the hipster beard is most mens savior to hide stuff .
it 's hard recognizing the need to reject such an awesome deal too .
that is serious sexual abuse and its not too late to press charges you know ?
do n't be afraid on someone elses behalf to dig up the past you have every right
in addition to what others have said give feedback to the setters .
often setters do n't have to time to climb at the gym and do n't watch how people climb and are never able to get feedback so they 're stuck in their own perspective .
obviously the setting wo n't change overnight but if you are able to point out certain things problem 3 should have had a higher footchip at x move so the movement is n't dynamic for shorter people setters will have that in the backs of their minds while setting .
you can also request to have more of specific techniques such as toe hooks .
i 'm a setter and encourage the climbers to tell me their thoughts .
turns out at the gym i go to many people like balancy problems and traverses .
so they see all the power problems as poor setting because they do n't have fun on them .
i think that makes you more of a rational realist than a cynic .
literally would be a profit of 5 cents if sold for 8.5 a share no ?
national polls and especially national head-to-head polls pitting hypothetical democrats against hypothetical republicans do n't matter at this point .
state polls are still worth paying attention to though we 're only about 3 months away from the start of voting .
an excel worksheet that i finished working on over an hour ago .
that 's intereting but there 's a big difference between no one will dare buy your product without the mark and you ca n't legally offer your product for sale without the mark .
scroll down to the bottom of the page posted above albion one of the best reproductiom companies for real usable swords makes.several and none of theirs weigh more than 6 pounds and that is using modern steel .
if you exit the match instead of waiting for it to end it counts against you and you wo n't be able to play for awhile .
it 's like withdrawing from a dungeon instead of finishing it .
thought i was staring in an episode for a while because no one i know remembers it .
have you tried quoting resellers in addition to the big boys ?
the biggest lec 's are only going to play nice in their own pockets .
with trying to put a ton of phone numbers all under one carrier you 're going to have to find a carrier that can resell everyone in each respective territory .
basically some parts of the world not sure which ones do n't set their clocks back one hour in the fall
not completely sure of the reason or the science but it 's somewhere
nope ... and you probably wo n't need it now that music and video services are free .
i never would 've guessed his line 's chances were anywhere close to years past .
to get 635 mj not 634 you have to cut back to 5d 219 m/s w 170 armor .
if you want 604 mj then you can go with a 5c 227 m/s w 170 armor .
as the saying goes speed kills or lack there of so there is a trade off there .
of course there is 730 points of armor available too .
i hope you understand after reading these comments what a monumentally wonderful thing you did for that girl .
well i can get why seeing as how bethesda made f3 f4 .
i think new vegas was better than f3 and it remains to be seen if the story setting and themes of f4 are better than new vegas the graphics undoubtedly are .
you had another post removed less than 24 hours ago for the same reason by a different mod and more earlier .
other user 's posts have been removed and directed towards the megathread during the same period there have been no other complaints and questions are still being answered there .
at this point your posting frequency and content should be considered spam but every time you have been politely pointed back to the megathread .
it is a delusion that you are being singled out by anyone for the questions you are asking .
you have ignored the instructions and explanations of two separate mods .
here is the advice of a third in the form of a warning your whining entitled attitude is not warranted or appropriate .
you are creating a disproportionate unreasonable and unnecessary amount of work for the moderation team .
i 'm more pissed that there is tons of things to unlock and i 've already got the same legendary camo for the same gun already .
what 's the typical price to get 30-year old man to cover auto insurance ?
just how much does it charge 40-year old male purchase auto insurance ?
what recommendations do insurance providers utilize to look for the cost for a person ?
is zip occupation code operating history or era the main element ?
i 've seen the 2gb celeron c720 at jb in sydney cbd in the past same with caringbah in south sydney but that was the extent of their 'selection ' and it cost over 400 aud .
ended up getting my chromebooks through friends in the us forwarding them on to me .
was considering the dell 13 but with the dollar being so poor lately i 'm holding off because its just too much at this point especially right before christmas
i 'm currently sitting in class and i 'm so fucking confused but i am afraid to raise my hand and ask wtf is going on because it feels like everyone but me knows where we 're at .
i feel like it would also cover too much material that we have already covered i need some guidance to connect the dots here .
y=2 x-3 ²+4 right off the bat i took 4 from both sides and divided by 2 to give me y-4 2 x-3 ² and then i was confused because i figured the vertex would be between the two solutions for x as i had in the first question on the page which was y x+5 x-1 so it was x=-2 but i just had x=±3 ... which could n't be right .
we ended up talking about how this is in vertex form '' so the answer was 3,4 ... fine .
y=x²+4x+5 i immediately went into this one like i did the first .
took 5 away from both sides and had x²+4x=-5 at this point i was a bit lost and just did 2+2=4 and then looking at my notes i noticed some of the other problems we did like this had a 1 in them so i just tossed a 1 in at the end to round it off .
so if someone asked for the x intercepts here would i just come up with nothing ?
y=x²+6x+4 at this point i just quit so i waited for our professor to go over it .
so i do n't really understand what does what .
i do n't know why i ca n't just do the old add then multiply '' thing i usually do with a quadratic .
why do these ones require all this plus minus and roots and garbage ?
what dictates if i 'm trying to find 2 1 or x=±√13 as the answer ?
i know a lot of you will look at this and think this guy is probably the dumbest person on reddit ever . ''
i accept that but i 'm so damn confused ... haha thank you and may god bless your souls for helping me .
edit also what confuses me is i 'm sure i 'm missing something like this formula is for finding the vertex and this is for finding eh intercepts . ''
but what confuses me is it seems that in the last two problems i was still completing the square both times but got different answers .
i have to do a trouble brewing game for the morytania achievement diary but there 's absolutely no one there .
is there an optimal time to look for a game ?
hey guys i 'm experiencing problems with da o on my pc .
i load the game and my screen goes black flickers a couple times and produces an audible static sound .
it then stays black the music from the game can be heard but nothing is displayed a data leak also occurs which produces a high pitched buzzing .
the game worked in the past all other games work fine but ever since i got my new monitor with 1440p resolution many games do this but i fix them however the fixes i use are n't working here .
running in windowed mode by adding w '' to the target '' section in the games properties as well as doing this in origin settings .
other games work as usual it is just this one that is causing these problems .
what comes to mind when you are staring into the abyss ?
edit it did n't happen i 'm crying in a corner .
the original f-zero was released on 21 november 1990 https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/f-zero .
f-zero did n't have a game for its 15th nor 20th birthday and i am really hoping for a 25th .
whilst that does only give them 9 days to register it it can be done .
my assumption essentially f-zero gx in hd with various additions
the nintendo gamecube controller adapter has full support and default controls are the same .
after beating the first 4 cups in master you unlock the track designer a beefed up version of f-zero x 's track designer with added and translated options for
preloaded are 3 tracks mario kart 8 mute city mario kart 8 big blue and a demo course displaying that everything in the game already is possible to make in the track editor .
tracks can be saved to a captain falcon blue falcon amiibo or shared online .
online mode available under the multiplayer menu after beating the 3 default novice cups .
your opponents are based on the amount of space credits you earn from races .
winning one online race gives 1,000 sc winning one offline cup gives up to 40,000 sc master and one story mode mission minimum 10,000 .
races are per-region ie na v na sa v sa au v au/asia jp v jp/asia/austrasia rest of pal v rest of pal etc .
at lower ranks you can only verse up to 9 other players at a time in order to reduce congestion .
after receiving 5 million space credits you can do online missions/bounties for 100,000 sc or more depending on the difficulty ie save jody in 40 seconds or less would give 1m sc .
really far fetched but also a really fun idea .
also i live in australia so i 'm not certain on the dates .
the phone froze so i had to do a hard reset .
i 'm out at sea so having no wifi sucks .
there 's some suggestions online to reflow '' it as in blast the iphone with a hairdryer .
iphone6 ios 9.0.1 ca n't update to 9.0.2 despite being downloaded but it said it requires network connection which i do n't have because the wifi is dead .
no cell phone networks in the middle of the pacific ocean obviously .
edit i guess i 'll post a solution '' that actually worked for me just now i found this suggestion in another forum
i blasted a hairdryer right on where the front facing camera and ear speaker is until i got a warning from the iphone saying it can not be used due to overheating .
you 'll notice that parts of the screen getting hot will turn dark and when that happened i redirected the air blast away from the screen temporarily until the dark spot went away .
this happened a few times until the overheat warning came up then i stopped the hairdryer .
there 's a temperature sensor right there to flag the os when to stop certain components from turning on to prevent damage .
after that warning i turned off the phone i just forced shutdown you know holding the power and main button at the same time .
i doubled bagged it with ziplock bags released as much air as possible and immediately tossed it in the freezer for about 30 or so minutes to cool it down the phone is still off at this point .
i took it out and let it sit until condensation stopped .
turned it on and bam wifi is working now again .
if someone can explain why this works that 'd be great .
i can only assume it recalibrates '' that temperature sensor to properly flag the os again .
other people speculate it reflows the solder joints i 'm skeptical because i solder a lot and it waaay hotter direct temperature for solder to melt.. best to use a heatgun directly at the exposed circuit if you want to reflow electronics .
others say it 's the expansion and constriction of components that lets it to set it back right again .
mine is the loving embrace of a loving and totally transcendent god .
el is a god who is human and god light and darkness at the same time .
the way to our god is threefold intellect rightness and beauty .
intellect is the capacity to know right from wrong .
beauty is the result of what happens when we choose rightness .
this is my second time posting on here for arena coaching .
the first time went fairly well and i 'm really glad that i took a chance .
i love arena and i like teaching/talking to people .
also if you honestly feel like you learned nothing from a run then do n't pay me d. do n't feel bad about it you 're here for a service and i would rather lose some money vs get a really bad review or have someone leave disappointed .
we 'll hop on skype where we can have a q a session to settle a day/price and get to know each other better .
during coaching you go through your plays and i will tell you my play .
i will have a stopwatch ready to make sure we do n't rope and we can talk more about the play during your opponents turn .
oh yeah and here is my last post with some recommendations on it if you 're interested .
if you were anything like me you would have thunk
proceeds to spend the next hour online trying to find the problem about pipboy app connection issues
was det chaz does n't know if he can play today
earlier today i was getting 2mb/s on a large file download but now i 'm only getting 200-400kb/s for the past 4 or so hours .
i am connected to popcorn and i live in the northeast
after killing a rune dragon it dropped some dragon platelegs .
never posted in r/coffee before so i really hope someone can help me out .
i really love coffee and espresso and make some every morning .
i recently was gifted an de longhi esam 4200 espresso machine .
i have been using it for several months now and am extremely satisfied to have fresh ground and brewed espresso each morning with minimal effort .
that being said there are dials to control the amount of coffee used the amount of water used and the size of the grind .
does anyone have any recommendations as to which combination of settings with these three dials would give me the best '' espresso from this machine ?
i realize that best '' is a subjective term but i am assuming that you guys know so much more than i am that your best is probably my best too !
does anyone else type a sentence then realise they used the wrong layout ?
or perhaps you just jumpled a couple letters from the wrong layout ?
so as you guys know i am put under excessive pressure on a daily basis on everything .
i feel there are so many things i should do .
i feel like i have so many things waiting for me to do .
i feel like so many compulsory things are waiting for me to do .
i feel so many compelled things to do which are not compulsory in any person 's perspective but compulsory in my own perspective .
i feel like having excessive high standards for myself .
i feel like i am seeing myself too high that none of my progress are regarded as progress '' but are just a trash process that is sacrifice for the good .
i feel i am perfect but i ca n't proof my perfection .
i feel i am meant to be perfect but i have yet to proof myself perfect .
ok i 'm not saying i am perfect but i suspect i am holding a serious perfectionism towrads myself and i am inter-winded by this perfectionism and being slaved by this high excessive request on myself .
you have to get a job right now . ''
you have to use x in this sentence . ''
you have to send your resume right now . ''
you have to pick up the phone right now . ''
you have to ask yourself that question right now . ''
you have to teach yourself the way allison teach you right now . ''
i 'm not a teacher how can i teach like a teacher ?
you have to polish your language like the people on there right now . ''
you have to do it politely like networking right now . ''
you have to raise your hand to answer your question right now . ''
you have to go inside and ask them right now . ''
you have to polish all the grammar right now .
you have to answer the question right now . ''
it becomes a compulsory thing like a mission i have to do everyday .
if i do n't do it i will receive guilt-tripping punishment pride feeding enormous praise if i do it as a mean to push me do it
to this point i have become a sick perfectionism .
pathetically living everyday in my little bubble and forgot what normal standards '' are not anymore .
wp marco rubio we must kill philosophers and make more robots . ''
you 're flipping hamburgers at mcdonalds and pondering the finer points of plato .
i can only find people reselling them for pretty high prices
or this version that most reviewers say the joystick is terrible and unresponsive
just messing around and playing with korg volca bass korg volca beats and a korg kaosspad that i just hooked up was a challenge .
decided to record myself playing around with the synths .
the stuff on the top loader is just tape residue
hi i 'm trying to defeat the jailbreak detection inside of a banking app .
disassembling the .app using hopper i noticed that the checks looks like these ones https github.com/sat2eesh/ios-jailbroken/blob/master/jbroken.m .
obviously hooking nsfilemanager solves the fileexistsatpath ones but how can i hook
this morning if i try to use a private server also 127.0.0.1 i get agar.io to connect to his server .
i pull the drawer from the register heading to the office .
a gentle hand lays on your shoulder as i pass you waiting until you pull the earbuds out before pointing towards the door .
lock up then start sweeping so you can mop '' i say with a tired smile .
continuing back to the office i start counting the cash to get the paperwork and deposit ready .
run off to vegas and force me to run the store.. not like i have anything else to do with my nights .
at least the new girl is cute.. i think to myself .
i glance out the office window to watch you flick the lock closed getting a little distracted by way your hips sway as you walk to get the broom .
shaking my head at my own thoughts i set the store speakers to play from my ipod .
a soft instrumental song quietly resounds through the store while i turn back to start counting the money .
i just found out about this subreddit so maybe it 'll help me out .
2 days i have to wake up at 7am and on three days i have to be up by 12pm i 'm usually trying to wake up at 10am .
i recently started to get a job which i 'm doing directly after school on those two days and on saturdays .
but i got problems with waking up by now !
before the job i could wake up and make it to school on time .
now i have did n't went to school twice and i really do n't wan na do this i really wan na participate .
last night i went to bed by 11 and actually went sleeping at around 12 .
some time later my girlfriend calls me on my phone we have ldr it 's kind of a tradition we do .
but this time she woke me up which does n't bother me usually but i think i 'll have to tell her not to do this because it took me some time to fall back asleep .
but that 's definitely not the problem why i 'm not able to wake up .
i had the same problem on monday my sleep was n't disturbed as far i know .
math problems and alarm somewhere else does n't help me i 'm just going straight to bed after that usually .
if there is a relatively cheap way of fixing it that would be ideal .
there is a crack in part of the screen if it makes a difference .
hey guys with the season changes comin in hot i 'm looking for some support mains to own with .
i 'll be playing cait vayne trist maybe and possibly a few others .
i work 10 and 4 shifts 10 on 4 off and have been working until 530am pdt .
looking for some guys to play a couple games with in the am as well as when i 'm off .
i use crs voice for comms and skype msging if you need to get ahold of me while i 'm offline
i 've had a lot of fun and meet a lot of good friendly people on here to run through some different ideas with i 'm always on the lookout for more though .
this wednesday i would love some celeb rp fun based around a few of my favourite celebs someone like kate beckinsale maybe although i 'm always open to suggestions as well .
otherwise i 'm happy to chat or take on some more roles as well if you have something fun and interesting that will divert my attention .
they could be based around simple things interviews photoshoots fan encounters meeting people at parties or working at their homes on something .
they could be based around them doing research for roles or maybe being seduced into exploring other avenues to enjoy themselves in .
maybe some vacation related fun and games at the beach or by a luxury resorts pool or enjoying a spa and massage .
some kind of group scene involving a celeb and a few guys is particularly catching my interest at the moment if it interests anyone .
i 'm open to all sorts of ideas from the mundane to the elaborate and very much looking forward to seeing what we can create together .
especially appreciate some variety in the scenes we play plenty of descriptive build up and tension to a scene before we get down to the real fun parts and can do both short term one of scenes or more long ranging ones as well especially if we have a lot of fun with them .
kinks wise i 'm pretty opened minded oral anal cum groups ect as long as it 's all sultry and fun i 'm game .
things that i wo n't do include incest watersports violence gore that kind of thing though .
feel free to send me a message if your interested looking forward to hearing from you .
all he does is make other streamers look bad does n't even show any gaming content and is under the influence of drugs and alcohol every day .
i just prestiged and prem unlocked seraph 's golden gun .
but everytime i reset my console it forced me back to overdrive in the loading screen and grav spikes in a game .
i didnt have the chance of play the game and im really curious about s6 vayne which is my favourite champ .
new pd and botrk changes plus w and ad changes effects her or not ?
im not much of a brainstorm guy and kinda try other pros builds generally .
i have never made a request on this thread before but i thought to myself hey just give a try .
who knows maybe it will be the best decision you have made on reddit yet ! ''
i am not going to be ashamed to be among the countless others requesting this game it is an awesome aaa title .
i am sure many of you guys already know what fallout 4 is all about .
post-apocalyptic nuclear-fallout sci-fi survival and an rpg with an epic and immersive world .
i love the open world genre and when it includes my other favorite genres such as apocalyptic and survival plus a good story and characters i am simply sold on it .
so why you ca n't get it for yourself ?
i am faced with several financial difficulties right now sadly.. my father has recently lost his job due to a spinal injury he had at work hospitalization and medical fees is taking a big chunk on my family 's savings .
add on to that my part-time job still a student is barely enough to purchase my own meals and transport .
the little i have after all of this is used to supplement my dance lessons and equipment .
many of my friends did told me to sacrifice dancing but i simply ca n't since it is one of the few things besides playing games and talking to close friends that makes me happy .
at the end of the day the only games that i buy which is roughly 4-6 games a year is mostly either old/bundled games or those on 75-95 sale with the exception of maybe 1 or 2 aaa titles i get as gift from friends during my birthday still waiting for witcher 3 and dragon age price drops.. .
either of which i doubt would befall on fallout 4 anytime soon..
so on my hours after work or visits to my dad i would go home and play something for roughly 4-5 hours before heading to bed .
by the way if anybody is wondering on what game they should play besides fallout 4 i recommend the book of unwritten tales series !
it 's lighthearted funny and just makes you smile after a long and tiring day !
why ca n't you just settle for other games ?
well.. the amount of hours that is offered for fallout 4 is simply alluring .
i believe that it is well worth it 's value .
i want the person who might gift the game be assured that it would be played for months on end and not just for a few weeks .
i also love the character creation and role playing elements that the fallout series have it 's a break from other games where i truly feel that i am playing myself in this situation rather than a character that has to go down a certain path .
right now the games i have been occupying myself with are some point and click adventures that i am playing via family sharing with a friend tbout the walking dead and life is strange and minecraft and contagion though sadly i am nearing the end of those chapters soon.. minecraft is another big value for money to me been playing it for 5 years and almost daily !
a big thanks to all those who made it this far !
i really hope that i would be able to experience the game soon !
i was initially planning on waiting for a goty edition to be release and wait for a steam sale for a price drop but so many people are raving about it and i feel so envious !
it 's a battle right now to simply avoid spoilers t.t
it 's a tall order but i just wanted to get this off my chest and give a try anyway so yea !
there are so many rewards to explore and each place tells a little story on its own .
i spent 3 hours exploring a bunker making sure i would see every nook and crany and trying to piece out what happened to these people that were sheltered here .
each place tells a little story and everyone thinks of it different .
you see a skeleton on a bathtub on a bunker room and your imagination starts flying and wondering different scenarios for what happened .
i missed this aspect so much the environmental story telling is honestly the best kind of plot device in this game because the environment itself tells you a story and you dont have to look at lenghty logs to figure out what happened .
i could spend hundreds of hours just exploring places making my little narratives for what happened in each desolated settlement and the time would just fly by .
the attention to detail is just amazing and honestly i cant stop playing this game even thought i am suffering from some performance issues i cant put it down .
i rent a flat in a converted house that has been turned into several flats there is one telephone socket we were having internet connectivity problems so i bought a new telephone front plate previous one was about 20 years old wired it up according to the instructions .
now have no internet connection and no dial tone on the landline .
the cable goes up through the wall and into the loft so i assume it connects to the flats upstairs have yet to ask if they are having connectivity issues .
my landlord says its not his responsibility to sort anything to do with the telephone line out .
also is it ok/legal that there is no master socket just what i assume is a extension line ?
csgo keys tf2 keys games from my wishlist open packs 2-pack 3-pack 4-pack
port royale 3 gold and patrician iv gold double pack
as i mention in title of this topic i have csgo keys tf2 keys cards games steam gifts and i want games from my wishlist which you can find above or http steamcommunity.com/id/gwynhbleidd/wishlist
post down your offer here or add me directly via steam and let me discuss with you
you can also offer 2-3-4 packs to open or franchise packs complete editions goty steam keys and etc etc .
every time if i try to shoot someone out of a window placing my crosshair on his head i hit the bottom of the window..
same if iam behind a stone my crosshair is on the enemy but i hit the stone for some reason .
disney spent a fortune purchasing the rights to star wars and that includes eps i-iii .
anyone who claims that disney wants to ignore '' the prequels is crazy for a whole generation of fans the prequels were the star wars films they grew up with .
but disney are also smart enough to realise that the prequels were poorly received and do not stand up well to the original trilogy .
the obvious solution is for disney to release special editions of the prequel trilogy in the same way that lucas released special editions of the original trilogy .
however since the prequels were n't as well received as the original trilogy and already had good special effects disney will realise that they ca n't just release updated '' versions with no substantive changes .
therefore i strongly believe that disney will release special editions of the prequels with significant changes and new scenes to encourage fans to watch them .
the best option would be for disney to reveal something in the prequels which connects to the sequel trilogy and changes the way we look at all of the star wars films that would force star wars fans to go and see the films even if they hated the prequels .
i 'm sure you can see where i 'm going with this ...
of course disney ca n't completely change the overall plot palpatine coming to power anakin becoming darth vader so they need to come up with significant changes to other characters and come up with some way to link the special editions prequels to the sequel trilogy .
all of the above makes clear business sense and i would be surprised if disney did n't do it .
the key question is what changes disney could make to the prequels which would fit the above criteria significant enough to make old fans pay to watch the special editions but without altering the overall plot .
the obvious answer is for disney to release special editions of the prequels which reveal djj as the true sith master .
episode i already contains a huge number of hints but they are very subtle which is why no-one picked up on them at the time .
disney could edit episode i so that the hints are more obvious and perhaps establish a clear jar jar palpatine relationship .
episode i is not actually a bad film and with some decent editing and some additional scenes hinting at something darker it could easily be made into a reasonable film not as good as episodes iv-vi but certainly watchable .
it is in my view the worst of the star wars films .
the djj theory supports the view that episode ii was the one which was most re-written as a result of the fan backlash .
jar jar was clearly meant to have a far bigger role in episode ii but was written out of it save for a few minor scenes .
disney could edit the entire film to add in djj they ca n't at this stage get rid of count dooku but they can show that he was just a pawn in a far bigger plan being orchestrated by djj .
this would involve adding several new scenes throughout the film and they could also show how obi-wan came close to discovering the truth but never quite got there his whole investigation '' in episode ii never really goes anywhere .
i said earlier that disney ca n't change the overall plot but that does n't mean they ca n't add one very pivotal scene anakin discovering the truth about djj .
this could be added in at the climax of episode ii and show that djj is secretly behind the clone wars .
anakin would then be faced with the decision as to whether kill or spare djj his childhood friend .
i believe the most dramatic option would be for anakin to spare him and feel so conflicted that he does n't tell the jedi what has happened this would be yet another prod for him to turn to the dark side .
this would fundamentally change episode ii and if done properly could make it a good film .
it would certainly make old fans want to go and watch a special edition .
in episode iii disney could again show djj operating behind the scenes and orchestrating palpatine 's rise to power .
towards the end you would then show palpatine turning on his former master and freezing him in carbonite .
i 'm not sure why palpatine would n't kill djj instead but there might be a strategic reason for keeping him alive .
episode iii is already a decent film and these additional scenes would make it an even darker film full of foreshadowing for eps vii ix thereby tying together all 9 of the star wars films .
that 's my personal theory and i think it makes sense of everything we know so far .
on the other thread i was told that bluetooth controller would be a good complement to google cardboard .
it seemed like a good idea at first but then i started doubting .
google cardboard apps only support either magnetic ring or capacitive touch button for input .
therefore any google cardboard compliant app will only recognize those two inputs methods .
are there any worthy apps outside google cardboard garden that worthy to be used on google cardboard ?
is there big enough number of such apps to make it worthwhile having a bt controller ?
can anyone provide some examples of very popular 3d apps where you can use bt controller and which are good quality and can be used on google cardboard ?
as i 'm playing chang'e right now i know there are going to be matches such as joust where i 'm going to be a healer more than a damage dealer which i 'm fine with i like being a healer problem is there are n't any builds that i could find that show you how to build a healer ... .
this is the build i 'd use when making a heal build is this good ?
utility item such as divine ruin to shut down enemy heals
good build or do i need to swap some stuff out
i went here for the mission that sends you to the most southwestern part of the map and i never expected it to be this good .
after modifying my pa helmet with some lead plating for extra rad protection i decided to go towards the glowing sea .
i walked up to the edge in my power armor and decided to go in hoping i would n't get swarmed with rads .
did n't take long to figure out rads were n't the danger here .
raindrops starting to appear on my power armor helmet as if acid rain had started to pour later found out it 's a regular rain effect but it was still really cool .
everything becoming more gruesome looking by the second with an acidic fog coming up and the ground starting to look like rotten meat and the subtle geiger counter sound was somehow scarier than a full blown 500rad/s sound would 've been .
i remembered some npc telling me nothing could survive out there but they were wrong .
the creature that appeared to be a deathclaw came up to me and for a good five seconds i thought i could take it on .
ran away after i saw my laser rifle barely damage him and it was a good decision as 2 more deathclaws showed up .
i made it far enough to lose them but soon after they gave up chase and i thought i had made it past the hazards a bunch of radscorpions showed up and gave chase .
i do n't remember them being that fucking scary from fallout 3 same goes for mirelurks holy shit .
as i ran further towards the crater a huge lion king-like rock appeared from the fog with a deathclaw standing on top posing as if it were the king of the crater .
that 's the moment where my jaw actually dropped .
he did n't appear again as i ran past the rock but the moment was just so intimidating along with the rest of the experience so far .
finally arrived to the crater the radscorpions gave up .
in the middle of an area that would kill you a thousand times over there 's a small settlement of people praying to atom .
then you figure out the scientist you 've been looking for is even further ahead .
i thought the commonwealth was a nicer place then the capital wasteland .
turns out you need to go to where the death started to really get your kick .
the capital wasteland has absolutely nothing on the glowing sea .
did any of you experience it similar to this ?
if fallout 4 had n't won me over yet this would have done it .
hands down the most intimidating experience i 've ever had in video games and i 'd love to hear what everyone else thought of this part of the game .
needless to say when i max out my character i 'm going back there .
i 'll be travelling to rome in the coming week and wanted to know if there any good cheap and reliable locker options .
i wanted to keep one bag in the locker for about 4 days as i 'll be going to other countries .
the options at the rome international airport has a costing amounting to about 60£ for 5 days .
so this one is actually a comment posted of all places in r/conspiracy and it effectively debunks one of the claims made by people like eric dubay .
ok i 'll debunk one of his points where he says that the curvature of the earth is n't taken into account into engineering projects .
partially true because most big projects allow for small errors .
but in the case of a high precision giant engineering project like the cern this has to be taken into account
to make matters more complex from a visualisation and planning perspective the curvature of the earth has to be taken into consideration in any future design path .
this means that the flattened satellite imagery available across the diameter of any potential alignment for the fcc has to be compensated for in the virtual modelling .
this curvature 3d versus flattening 2d effect accounts for a differential of up to 100m across the diameter of an 80-100km ring and the alignment is further restricted by a maximum slope of 1-1.5 across the whole circumference for the complicated cryogenic and magnet installations to work effectively .
it gets quite complicated because if we were to use sea level as our reference point this would imply horizontal .
if it were the same distance above sea level around the ring then you would not be in the same plane because the machine would be following the earth 's curvature said osborne .
the best way to imagine it he explained is to think of the fcc as an enormous fixed disc that needs to be sunk in its entirety into the earth in order for it to be in the same plane .
with the effect of the earth 's curvature having considerably greater impact upon the necessary depth considerations for the larger fcc as compared to the 27km lhc early calculations show that for an 80km ring and to remain within slope parameters the shafts might have to be at an average depth of 270m with a maximum overburden along the tunnels of up to 670m .
this compares to an average shaft depth of 100m for the lcc and a largest overburden of 170m .
so as you can see the actual curvature of the earth on scales of hundreds of kilometers is very real and very much needs to be taken into account when building something of that scale .
mind you people often wonder about the impact on tall buildings but since they occupy very little space on the surface of the earth the effect on them is very small .
instead look to very wide or long structures and buildings like suspension bridges or like here giant underground particle accelerators .
thus if the earth was actually flat but these engineers still factor in several hundred meters of differences when constructing these things particle accelerators would simple not work .
seeing as they are n't the earth is quite obviously not flat .
last weeks i 've been rarely seen it or not at all d
i have preordered a 64gb aluminium nexus6p from the mobile store in hyderabad which has not arrived yet .
i wanted to know if people in india have encountered any defects .
depending on that i may cancel the preorder and buy later if there are any build revisions .
i am definitely late to commemt on the matter since i wanted to observe the impact of the tax then comment .
tl dr the ge tax is a complete disregard to the economy because there is not even a look at how trades are done .
players buy low sell high since players earn less in lta as tax takes effect they smuggle to hta and sell .
there is no demand on many goods in hta .
non top tier weapons and consumables have price crashed in both areas .
their buying prices become nearly the same or literally unbuyable in mta or hta .
but they can only sell in lta so even low tier gears crashed
but that 's a bit off topic since it is related to removal of high alch
since you can rarely sell lower tier goods in mta and hta except combat items like runes and sharks the 20 tax has become an inescapable golden beast whoch devours everyone slowly .
an extra note before tax the prices were slightly higher in hta but nevertheless limited to those needed in hta only .
which i actually expected in the term of smuggling ''
there must be an universal buyer that causes the selling prices in foreign places be higher so players can not be completely relied and a steady demand system must be placed .
so a solution is to increase buy-sell price of general store for all items found in foreign threat zones .
it will simulate a simple demand in society and would encourage transferring resources to different threat areas .
apparently women often make good forklift drivers because we 're more calm and follow procedures
i got 3 penalty points a pass is 39 or less and can drive up to 5 ton carrying capacity .
i 'll mostly be driving a 4 ton limit truck .
i 'm feeling well chuffed especially since i did it all with pretty bad cramps !
my girlfriend of 2.5 years dumped me on new year 's day so she could start dating the cto of a small tech startup .
to make matters worse when i asked her why she preferred this new guy to me other than the fact that he 's a rich cto of course the main thing she said was that he was always happy and upbeat and mentally sound .
she did n't say it directly but she heavily implied that she just got the point where she could n't deal with my bpd anymore .
i have since utterly failed at any kind of dating whatsoever .
i 've spent a lot of money hiring a dating coach a professional photographer .
i 've been doing everything i can to attract a girl .
the worst part is the disorder not only makes me less attractive to girls it makes me feel 100x worse about being less attractive to girls .
i honestly think i 'm going to be alone for the rest of my life .
the year 's almost up and i have n't so much as kissed a girl .
i 've been rejected by dozens in person and hundreds online .
what are you supposed to do when you have bpd and you really are unlovable ? ? ? ?
there i was pants around my ankles listening to zombies shuffling outside the bathroom door .
i did n't really know what to call them .
these creatures terrorizing the world though they 're faster ... a lot faster .
they 're also ... a bit more alive then zombies .
some people have been calling them infected biters psychos ... my younger brother used to call them killers .
thinking about that dumb name reminded me too much of my family .
i 'd only left them a few minutes ago sleeping soundly in their beds .
creeping to the toilet at the crack of dawn i did n't know that it would be the last time i 'd see them .
i wished i could go back and tell them i loved them .
staying alive needed to be my top priority my only priority .
mum constantly sprayed febreeze around the house to mask our scent but the killers would have adjusted by then ... honing in on my scent .
i shuddered thinking of them lurking outside the door like sharks circling an injured swimmer .
what do you do when you 're about to be attacked by fast smart zombies ?
i screwed up my eyes trying to think of what mum would do .
she would ... she would ... i struggled to think .
i was always the kind to improvise she was always the kind to make plans ... plans !
i decided i would take after my mother for once and make a plan .
she 'd start by assessing the situation her inner knack for risk management taking over .
the most obvious thing was that i would have to get past them .
it was hard to say ... there was just groaning and grunting and a whole host of gruesome organic noises .
i could n't fight the suckers that would mean way too high of a chance of getting bitten .
plus there were no weapons in here apart from my older brother 's razor which was blunt and useless .
the shower was broken because the head had fallen off and was now lying by my feet .
i stood up and washed my hands with the last of the rainwater .
it had been collected during last week 's storm .
the taps had cut out a few weeks ago .
reaching for a hand-towel i accidentally knocked something into the basin .
i looked down at it ... maybe it could work as a distraction ...
i searched quickly through the bathroom trying to ignore the scratching at the door .
i quickly undid the latch and swung open the door flinging the jammed deodorant down the hall hissing like a grenade as the wedged-down button caused the canister to spew disgusting smells into the air .
three killers went after the deodorant leaving only two in my way .
i hurled my makeshift baton against one 's head .
it cracked down on it 's skull with a sickening crunch .
i whacked the killer in the gut with the shower-head .
'he ' went tumbling down the stairs groaning before landing on his neck .
i jumped the body at the bottom landing awkwardly on my ankle .
i grabbed it tears pricking in my eyes as i left my house an orphan .
operator 1 hello emergency service operator which service do you require ?
caller breathing fast footsteps 32 jenner street ... ah !
caller lisa bretton unknown sound andrew bretton marky ... marcus bretton .
caller i do n't have an address ... unknown sound my name is my name is jennifer !
i had been limping down the middle of the road but the bag was slowing me down .
it pinned me to the ground and i kicked it .
i think i broke it because the killer just slumped .
i heard there had been a massive killer attack in the first couple of days .
no-one can buy food any more you have to take what you can get .
if that means stealing from dead people that 's what you do .
thankfully dad had made us a stock-pile before he ... before he was bitten .
i ran back to the lobby where it was light and skeleton-free .
i had hidden the bag behind the receptionist 's desk .
now was as good a time as any to find out what mum had packed .
the first thing i found when i opened it was pen and paper .
grandpa 's hunting rifle which i do n't know how to use
there are half eaten plates of food everywhere covered in a thick layer of mould .
i walk past a browning fruit bowl almost consume buy fluffy tufts of mould .
i look around again eyes catching on the tables again .
lots of them are half-full of various drinks juice coca-cola lemonade .
it 's probably a bit spoilt of me but i really do n't want to mix the drinks .
the best thing is that some of the tables even have full jugs of water .
i run back to the bag and grab the empty water bottles .
i start filling them up setting aside the empty glasses .
at least i would n't die of thirst now .
i 'd collected the water from about half the tables when i heard voices .
i stopped what i was doing frozen like a deer in the headlights .
i 'm basically the only one keeping you alive . ''
mum and dad said 'wait here until we get back ' .
that was two weeks ago theo and now we 've run out of food . ''
i 'd slipped on a mushy piece of food that had obviously been congealing for weeks .
i should probably tell them that i 'm not a killer or looter or anything .
i stand up and shine the torch at them .
he turned around to leave dragging the younger boy with him .
there 's no food and too many infected . ''
kicking myself already i tried to make them stop .
enough to last all three of us a bit more than a week .
as we walked they told me about themselves and i told them about myself .
the older one nico is 13 only a year younger than me and the other theo is 10 .
they had been living in the hotel for two weeks since their parents had disappeared looking for food .
by the time night came we were far away from most towns at least far on foot .
before i had the chance to yell a 'hey wait !
as the red-brown trees grew closer i began to make out a shape .
i ran my hand over the old brick pressing hard against them to see how strong they were .
i threw a sleeping bag to each of the boys .
i got the feeling that i was n't supposed to know about that .
baldonado is an italian name but we 're half spanish .
it was clear that they were n't big fans of conversation or at least nico was n't .
he seemed like one of those serious types who ca n't take a joke .
maybe he was n't always like that but the end of the world does that to people .
so i 've been playing around in the editor and for some reason this is happening
what it actually looks like when playing the map http i.imgur.com/0aq9iig.jpg
i 've tried moving the slider a bunch but it still decides to just kinda jump up for some reason ...
i guess i should mention i 'm playing on the newest cutting edge .
i 'm currently making appointments for car test drives this coming weekend .
i made one little mistake in that i did not realize that a garage has multiple locations and the car is about 15 miles away .
i could only test it if i cancelled other test drives .
first of all a sales person immediately offered me the car for 500 quid less upon requesting the test drive .
later on he offered to bring the car to my home or work for a test drive .
it 's a fiat panda with low mileage and full service history on the upper end of what i 'd like to pay now 5k still too high in my opinion but i like pandas and there 's not a comparable one available around here .
if i find a car i 'd like to buy i would like to have it checked in an independent garage as i know nothing about cars .
is this possible and how do i find a garage that can do that for me ?
are there garages that do thorough checks for this purpose and how comprehensive should such a test be ?
i have got really good suggestions here before am back to ask about some vampire books !
not the ones mentioned in the title as i have read them .
bunnicula and some charlain harris southern vampires as well .
no graphic novels please also not explicitly paranormal-erotica genre sexual elements like vampire chronicle are ok .
any kind of vampires is fine just more of a novel focused on story/character interaction/lore than any particular genre .
hey just checking if anyone else is having this issue .
my console is up to date but when i go to install the copy of fallout 3 that came with my xbox one it is saying i need to update and wo n't actually install the content .
is this due to backwards compatibility not working yet or is it a different issue ?
it takes many links to make a chain but but only one to break it .
think about that as you evolve through red pill .
if you 're doing most of the work but skipping some parts then you may be throwing it all away .
you may be improving in 90 of the areas we focus on but if you miss one key area them your results at home might be negligible .
heck i believe red pill is far more than a sexual strategy it 's s life strategy .
so missing one key area might be affecting every part of your life .
main example if you 're doing everything but lifting then you 're wasting everyone 's time .
the benefits of lifting are clearly explained plenty here .
other example i 'm kicking ass with rp but i 'm still rewarding too much of the behavior i do n't want .
i can see it undermining all my hard work because it 's sending her mixed signals .
this is a followup to my previous post about a parking citation https www.reddit.com/r/utarlington/comments/3q22az/got_a_parking_citation_not_complaining_but .
to recap i have a garage pass but parked in regular student parking because the garage was closed .
not sure if that was enough to get me off because i made an honest effort to pay for parking so i was debating on whether to embellish on the fact that i had a flat tire .
the likelihood of jail time an additional fine or being kicked out of school was too low compared to the gain of getting off the ticket economics majors rejoice .
additionally everyone seemed in favor of lying implying that socially it 's considered okay to elaborate '' .
i justified my action by saying but mommy everyone does it .
whether that 's okay or not is another topic for another day .
finally i decided that i do not really trust the system '' having been burned in the past and i was not in a position to believe in it again .
had i been rich where throwing down 50 is like throwing down for a cup of coffee then yes i am better able to believe in the system .
if a parking fine was like a cup of starbucks at 5 then telling the truth for the sake of principal is easy .
actually 15 might be my moral limit economic majors rejoice again .
anything more than that up to 120 is payable but i will try to weasel my way out .
more than 120 i would have bought a second pass because you pretty much might as well buy one .
that 's all to say morals and ethics have a price threshold .
for example how hungry would you have to be for you to start stealing if at all ?
would you starve to death and die for morals ?
so i lied and they paid no attention to it meaning that my lie played no role in their decision .
they gave me a warning based on the fact of the reasonable truth of what actually happened that i made an honest effort to pay for parking via the mav garage and to move my car in time and should not be penalized for a onetime honest mistake .
even more props if they were aware of my previous post and instead of penalizing me for lying they ignored it and made a verdict on what was the truth .
this has won me over a little bit more to the good '' side so to speak and i have a little bit more faith in the school trying to be what a school ideally is something where young people can go in and learn both intellectually and emotionally .
my 6s is jailbroken and i want to use apple pay but i 'm concerned about the safety of this .
lots of people also lots of people on this subreddit hyped this game up waaaay too much you expect too much and then you get this http imgur.com/fypsbvu
over 2000 negative reviews from people who expected way too much and didnt get what they wanted this game is great but its not going to be world history ... you can downvote me if you want but this is just the truth at least im one of the people that are enjoying fallout 4 alot !
i wanted to do my ia about cryptography and frequency analysis to break a caesar cipher but my teacher said that the topic wo n't enable me to make calculations to solve the problem so he told me to change it and i am so stuck in finding a topic that i can actually understand .
i was thinking about doing it on binary numbers but i do n't really know what exploration i would be doing with it .
i loved it immediately because they all look so amiable and tame completely polar to their stage personas .
i could n't find when and where was this taken .
if you 're interested here 's my wall http i.imgur.com/tbuxyzl.jpg of posters .
beatles dylan and zeppelin are my gods and my holy trinity collection is finally completed .
hi guys i 'm pretty unhappy about my new aria scale .
at first i was very satisfied but then i noticed it had very fluctuating results .
and i do n't mean from day to day but in the morning i stepped on it and it said 90.2 kg which is impossible then i got off got on again then it said 87.6 redid it and then it was 86.4 another time it was 86.3 ...
so in the course of 2 minutes i went from 90.2 to 86.3 ... what a weight loss
i 'm considering sending it back for a refund or does anyone has a tip/explanation ?
i am currently reading geoff johns green lantern epic but after that i 'm thinking of reading the entirety of the new 52 which i have .
i want to read them in an order that connects most events and the way they are meant to be read .
i was wondering if anyone had tried out one of the 51 dungeons and seen exactly how much the exp was increased ?
i have n't for the life of me been able to even do one what with dps queue times and other 3.1 stuff .
i 'm a social service worker in ontario hating my job stuck in a salary bracket i 'm not content with with few prospects of advancement in positions or salary .
i did one accounting course in university and i liked it .
i 've always been a numbers and analysis person but avoided it for a career because i thought it would be boring .
working in social services is never boring very difficult clients and poor working conditions but i 'm at the stage where i would take something slightly more boring '' for more enjoyable work in something i have a natural aptitude for and a higher salary and in-demand positions e.g .
i have a university degree so i have that prereq for pursuing a cpa taken care of .
i 'm researching it but have some questions the cpa ontario website does n't answer and i have n't been able to find in this sub .
how quickly can the full cpa prep be completed in as close to full-time study as possible ?
the cpa website is n't clear about the length of modules or how many you can take at one time
what is the total cost of the full cpa prep ?
again the numbers on the website are really murky .
i 'm planning on taking out a line of credit to finance my cpa prep .
what did you need to provide and how much did you get in total ?
here 's one path i 'm considering if it 's viable
quit my full time job and do the modules as quickly as possible working part time and/or taking isolated courses at university to augment the prep schedule if it is n't fast enough imo i should be able to complete the prep in 1 year full time if i go nose to the grindstone university courseload 5 courses x 3 semesters 15 courses and the prep is 14 modules .
next step apply for entry accounting positions leveraging my completion of the prep and admission into the pep into full time work in accounting while i gain the experience component .
my circumstances are somewhat unusual and hopefully you can help with some concrete answers !
tl dr i do n't like my career and want to get a cpa .
i want to know how long the cpa prep takes full time .
the technology could be anything like an electronic device a movie or a book or just the invention of the wheel .
basically anything that would be considered advanced for that time period .
i saw quite a few people talking about this and it even seems like it 's planned but is it speculation still that starting via a planet is coming tomorrow ?
i did a search on youtube but it only says isengard theme https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=zpd17arloo8 .
it is n't on spotify so i was thinking it had a different name .
in discussion threads we talk in-depth about game features interesting mechanics and other aspects of the franchise .
the goal here is simple create a new ability that adds depth or value to the game without making a pokemon op .
tell us the details too which pokemon get this ability ?
does it have effects outside of battle as well ?
suggest it in the comments here and perhaps we will talk about it next time !
hey experiencing a weird problem playing with the ps4 controller on the pc
occasionally after i load a new area all my buttons will be remapped .
most notably the button to pause the game being unmapped so i can not enter the menu to change it .
as well l3 is marked as i cant remap it even though its normally sprint .
alright the story in a nut shell my current work place said they were shutting down and starting layoffs 2nd quarter of 2016 .
i started thinking hey i 'm young i do n't have a wife and i do n't have kids if i were to venture out now is my chance .
now the company is saying they wo n't start layoffs till 2nd quarter of 2017 .
i 'm already checked out of this current job i was still thinking about adventure time .
my parents then tell me they were talking to one of their friends who happens to be a co-founder of a company that is rapidly growing and is looking for to fill a spot that i would fit in well they give me his name and number .
the choice do i still move out and venture out ?
or do i call this guy and start at this new job ?
but every playlist generator is just giving me electronic music in general when i 'm specifically looking for more of the slower placed relaxed and super chill vibe like the g d mix .
other types that i enjoy that would also be applicable would be need to feel loved adam k soha remix . ''
i used to be all over progressive house about 4 years ago but have since moved on .
just trying to get some similar types to get me back into it .
i just claimed a big mac the offer gives you a code that the cashier scans .
i am looking to make a power move today .
am i screwing myself over by giving up deandre ?
i feel like this is the right place to ask this ask this but i want a real answer or advice and not some half assed answer .
if there is no free will i should just end my life .
i like manipulating things to my liking feeling i have control on what path i choose .
this past year and a half i got really lazy and became unhappy with everything .
i 'm going to college to major in cs and dropped down to 2.5 gpa from a 3.2 gpa .
i need 8 more quarters to graduate or 5 more semesters to graduate after this december .
i hardly have any friends just acquaintances the only real friend i have hangs out with me occasionally because we go to different schools .
i go to a state school and he goes to a community college .
we usually hang out by going to the movies dining or concerts .
i get fed up with most things and have problems stuck in my head for a long time .
i do n't feel smart enough and over analyze my own intelligence .
i do n't understand why people do certain things .
why do people watch shitty porn sleep around etc. ?
would n't it be better to please someone important to you ?
is everyone deluded if we do n't have free will ?
i feel like the only thing that buffers against feeling this way is intense running or totally ignoring everyone 's opinion and just think about what i want only and not considering anyone else 's point of view .
if i do n't have free will i should n't fear anything and forget about everyone else because there will be nothing to lose .
since all subjectivity or morality is meaningless then my subjectivity should be everything right ?
i just need help i feel like banging my head against the wall .
i get really angry when people tell me my opinion is wrong or i 'm socially conditioned to hold a certain opinion when i 've thought long and hard about it .
writing this post did help me feel better like running helps me feel relaxed and decisive .
i do n't feel like i could actually think anymore and feel confused in life .
i think i might know how barry will get his speed force powers back .
remember is s1 when eobard did a blood sample on blackout and wondered how blackout was able to steal the flash 's power .
i think they 'll somehow find that vial and use it on both barry and jay .
if you were separating commanders into various categories what would they be ?
i have gold drc and scandrick but after drc got burned by captain cooks i decided i should probably upgrade some
for some reason snapchat keeps showing on the bottom of my lock-screen i had n't heard anything about it so i thought i would ask .
well i 've done goofed and told wb daniel something i should n't have so he 's pissed and i 'm ip banned from using the website .
could someone tell me a program to change my ip on android because i ca n't publicly do an apology of how sorry i am if i 'm banned .
i should 've used a vpn when i was trolling him now i regret it .
any suggestions on how i can contact wb_daniel so i could give him a sincere apology .
i need someone to show me an example where mo told his followers to rape women and women that are married
in peace walker you had to capture zardanov a shit ton of 6 times before you finally got him proper once that happened paz takes zeke and you got ta do the final battle .
then you get the straight to hell speech '' and it 's over .
maybe after doing mission 11 7 times and getting quiet back some other shit is supposed to happen like you fight eli in the metal gear ?
this would make it a pretty damn near perfect mirror image of pw structurally .
it might just be the size and that it takes up your whole screen but it does make things easier to use and find .
i recently got a new bike and it was left outside in the rain really california ? .
the trailtech vapor attached to the bars was not working the next day .
i checked the connections as best as i know how but could not get it to turn on at all .
the screen shows what looks like visible condensation but i was under the imression that they were quite waterproof .
any thoughts on possible fixes or am i out 100 to get a new one ?
been out of the dating game for a long while so i do n't really know what i 'm doing .
not getting a ton of responses i 'd like to think it 's not my social skills .
after change fov through 3 .ini files i 've tried enlarge pipboy to match the new fov .
as i use console command fov '' pipboy become tilted upside down with arms and hand too ... and all i can do is quit the game and login again .
there is some fix to use large fov and actually see pipboy without lose my eyes ?
nightmare edit ofc even if i delete my .ini files pipboy stay far ...
for people who have been playing the pbe how would you rate the the new adcs ?
that means wwe is one step closer to being bankrupt and with it goes the corporate evil and sport entertainment '' crapfest .
vince has enough crimes to pay and it 's only getting better
wrestling should go back to small time promotions once again .
maybe roh can take this opportunity to grow bigger they are the best wrestling company in the world after all .
they should snatch some talented wrestlers on the e and let those talentless pricks like reigns or cena rot in a basement somewhere .
roh can also work with njpw to create a true global force of wrestling a new golden age of wrestling .
sorry gfw but your global '' is nothing but an unattainable dream
i was having a good time playing solo queue then noticed the servers are down early for some reason .
i apologize in advance if i did n't get everything exactly correct .
so it was a scene in moot point with a. elliot stemple .
stemple admits to harvey that he bribed the jury and won by cheating .
then harvey gets all pissed about how his hero was ali and this whole conversation/fight about ali vs frazier .
well i found it here 's a transcript from it
you gon na take an ad out in the crimson saying you cheated just like you did when you beat me back then ?
your face on ali mine on liston every day for a week .
a pair of almond eyes drinking in a coffee-coloured complexion sharp cheekbones and soft lips dark tresses framing my face .
i try not to be proud piety is the measure of a woman not appearance which my adopted western home seems to be so hedonistically obsessed with .
it 's with that reminder that my slender hands take an azure dupatta and loosely wrap it around my head a reminder of my obligations towards modesty .
with a slight tremble my digits falter in their movements .
my gaze travels towards the rest of my attire a simple crimson sweater a pair of well-fitted jeans .
i 've never sought to wear clothes asphyxiating level tight but hiding my curves has always been difficult lush chest melting into a slender waist flaring into wide hips and generous derriere and a pair of long legs to support them .
you should 've seen my parents ' cortisol levels when i was in high school .
maybe that explains my shying away from hijabs abayas and the like nothing against those who prefer them .
i was just never brought up with those modes of dress .
really i should n't be caring of my dips and curves considering them in such lewdly descriptive terms pondering over my appearance it smacks of arrogance and self-consciousness .
your masculine frame and how it lingers around the door of your home when you see me coming and going .
your warm hellos and how are yous and eyes that try oh so politely not to signal a primal hunger a gaze that borders on neighborly affection and mental undressing .
roaming over your calloused large hands when you try in key mind 's eye wondering how they 'd grip the dark hips they 'd contrast with .
hips that have swung a little wider strides more confident when i know i 'm going to run into you when i imagine undulating underneath you like an eastern dancer in a harem .
so i the water i splash on during wudhu becomes colder and sometimes my prayers shorter as i try not to let salacious thoughts enter time meant for reflection .
i try to stifle moans into the pillow as my fingers guiltily hungrily work on me imagining you in their place .
some days i try to ignore you altogether hating that i have to ignore curtness due to wanton primal urges knotting in the pit of my stomach .
but what if i do n't want to ignore them anymore ?
what if i leave a slip of paper under your door inviting you over ?
even typing that fucking name makes my heart sink .
for 6 years 6 years ive been waiting for this game .
ive loaded hundreds of hours into 3 and new vegas i have gone through 2 fallout 3 discs i take really good care of my discs i played the game so damn much the disc reader burned rings into the discs .
im a kid again i havent been this exhilirated to play a game in a long time !
i mean i knew i didnt have the specs for it on this laptop but i dont have an xbone i dont have a ps4 i dont have the money to build a pc just yet .
fuck i hold bethesdas games so close and dear to my heart and all i ask is to play !
because i cant feel like that teenager dying for an escape again just yet .
and having all these fallout 4 headlines crammed down my throat are bringing me to that sort of stupifying frustration !
anyways thanks for reading a rant on a devoted gamers traumatic experience .
i love this game im just tired of being patient .
i just wanted to fucking scream because i cant see my so and whine and cry to her about it so i came to reddit good idea right ?
and for those of you with fallout 4 dont be a dick to me .
binding the enter key as a gameplay key like activate '' is a bad idea .
when playing in multiplayer the enter key will be treated as the chat key and not as the gameplay key you bound it to .
is it enabling people to choose those who shall lead them ?
is it not the fight against totalitarian regimes who deceive manipulate and oppress their people ?
oppression and « detournement « of sovereign funds for the personal use of the ruler are the worst aspects of a totalitarian regime
let 's take syria iraq and libya 's example a dictator was in place stealing money and abusing his people .
and most importantly when will their situation start to improve ?
we as an occidental society are in love with this concept of democracy we try to impose it on any other country that does not think as we do or unfortunately as i see it we use the « freeing and saving of the people » excuse to justify actions derived from a hidden agenda .
why is it that we only get involved when public attention cries out for action or when their is a political or material gain ?
most ironically we are trying to impose on others a model that does not even work for us the free people .
as of free we are only in laws and speeches .
we are able to express our opinions but what good does that do if nothing does change ?
do not get me wrong i believe in free will free speech and the freedom of one to do what he pleases with himself as long as he does no harm to others .
we should be able to elect those who preside over our societies .
the way our democracy is structured is the main problem most laws decisions and applications of these are put in place by what we can call leaders .
our model is entirely based on the hope that the people in place will take the right decision at the right time .
therefore our most important task should be putting the best people in place those who know best what they are doing in their specific domain .
i would like to generalise on politicians and know that of course there is always exceptions ...
the winner today is he/she who was able to get elected simple math we have in place those who are best at getting there and that does not say anything about their ability to perform once in place .
it drives me crazy to see a « ministre » getting transferred from education to economy for example !
we should have the best in every position not people put in place to send the perfect image of a government a person that relates to every « part » of the electorate women minorities young experienced etc ...
of course the media is responsible for putting the spot on « good clients » ex trump but we who watch are most to blame .
churchill has an quote that depictates this challenge « the best argument against democracy is a 5 minute conversation with the average voter .
» and that is as sad as it is true .
if the media are greedy pigs feeding ignorant apes it 's our responsibility to impose change in what we get informed about change our priorities get interested get involved !
one should not have the right to complain about a situation if he does not work to find a solution voting is important but should not be the start get educated be critical make up your own mind from different sources .
worst even let 's say we get a good enough guy elected on the first round at 60 of ballots .
our societies are in limbo where important and decisive change is needed whatever the direction it should be taken in a firm and calculated way .
as with any political/economical/sociological projet that would move the society towards progress and general improvement in our daily life its nearly impossible to have everyone agree on a same direction they each have different opinions and who does n't think that he/she 's right ?
as soon as a government starts to move into a specific direction which is supposedly doing what they were elected to do by the majority of society .
a small group of people always goes into revolt we can see france 's example where every other day their is a « greve » which completely blocks the country and forces the government we 'll get to that shit later to act accordingly to solve the issue .
as a result this freedom of expression that a small group uses ends up by blocking the progress for the others .
it 's basically nash 's theory « a beautiful mind » and there is always a small group opposing our ideas and probably « our » group opposing theirs ... where do we go from here ?
elected politicians care most for staying in place as it is their job .
they do n't do this for the greater good of us the people they do it for their own egotistical agendas power money pride etc.. as any of our actions are motivated .
so they do what is best no polemic nothing too loud nothing too controversial .
but that is what we need today and i am not advocating any specific direction but that a vision and coherent plan should be put in place not a plan that displeases the fewest or pleases the most a plan that works best for the country and therefore its society and people .
i was very fit before marriage but after marriage and two kids my weight is increased and i am very upset due to this .
so give me suggestions that how i reduce my weight ?
just wanted to be sure i wasnt doing randomly generated missions all this time .
salaam alaikum please can anyone direct me on how and where to learn arabic language perfectly .
i have been struggling to read and understand quran and hadith in arabic text without vowel but the effort is not enough .
i am teacher in government school in lagos nigeria .
all my time have been consumed except during the holidays .
please i want to be spending my holidays to learn arabic in order to understand islam better .
i do n't mind if it will require me to travel to the place .
it was n't until the last few decades that the bonds between nationality and ethnicity in many european countries was blurred .
many of us would still rather we the natives and our descendants remain the major ethnic groups in our own homelands no one has a historic connection to these lands like we do stretching back many thousands of years .
every ethnic group deserves a right to self determination and many of us would have been consumed by empires and had our identities eroded away if we had n't fought for that right .
the fam asked me to send them some silk from china and just wondering if anybody has any insight to where i can find quality price balance .
could someone please help me out on the new masteries i 'd like help with typical mastery pages tanks ap ad and some others .
any recommendation on how to set up pages with the new masteries ?
teamers teamers and i also so a lot of teamers .
in the 5 games i 've played yet i madeinto top10 4 times allready .
first game 4players left ... guess what 3-man-team 3rd place
second game 2-3 2man-teams under the last 10 made it to 4th
third game an obvious cheater with his stupid friend he killed like 14 players in a row to finally execute me with some jumping ar-shots on 100yards 7th place
fourth game i felt like there are 40 teamers in this br .
i landed in pv storages and foudn an ak quite fast .
i killed 2teams during the first 5 minutes ... found another team inside of the appartments-stripe in western pv .
game goes on ... it feels like that almost every time i hear gunfire there are at least 3 weapons shooting .
long story short ... took the car and waited for the gas to come closer ... made it into the top10 again ... hear gunfire nearby ... try to sneak up on them ... suprise mthrfckr 3 assault rifles being emptied on my car .
ps at least my game did not crash yet .
i read an article on how neuroscientists need a whole brain reading with direct invasive electrodes .
where would one offer themselves if they were willing to have this procedure done on them ?
i imagine it would n't be a problem with ethics because i am a healthy person volunteering .
we can communicate rather than animals and follow instructions instantaneously .
what can i do to fix this problems already looked for some answers but havnt found any answers yet could it be that i run os 7.1.2 ?
let 's say you are aware you could use a hand in changing some area of your life .
relationships with a friend gf or bf spouse personal finance developing a business learning a skill ... something you are aware could be changed but ...
i think you missed the part where dancing said you need to add a server location .
even though i 've been away from the maritimes for 7 years now i still give hugs to everyone .
it was strange for me when people initially expressed discomfort with the idea but i 've never met someone who did n't eventually warm up to it .
we got enfamil in the mail today too so maybe they just sent out a batch of torture in paper form .
i started identifying as agender recently and decided to search reddit for agender stuff how i got here .i found tons of hate especially towards non-binary genders everywhere that was n't a lgbtq sub .
it actually hurt to see a community i have been a part of for years actively hating on my identity .
i ca n't speak to complexes described in that video .
i can say that i have been involved in the capture of avowed members of aq and aqi .
i can say i 've never seen that vid or been briefed that there was infrastructure like that that we would have to contend with .
cave systems that i have been exposed to were deep but rather rustic .
the nice part about the top slice is that you can toast the sides of the buns on a griddle and make them amazing .
some tracks used sampled guitars either from slayer or pantera it just made the whole album the most industrial industrial metal album .
unfortunately your account does not have enough karma to submit things to r/videos at this time .
r/videos requires users to have a minimum of 10 link and 10 comment karma .
we suggest that you comment in some popular threads and make submissions to other subreddits to build up your karma and then come back .
we are sorry for any inconvenience caused and look forward to your submissions in the future .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/videos if you have any questions or concerns .
he has an alibi it is small town and he is pastor to their children .
i asked one legal question can a case be reopened if there is new evidence .
and i think this feels less awkward than trying to split everything 50/50
i really like the color scheme and extreme demolisher also looked very nice .
labor does n't have a long running worldwide and institutionalised history of covering up child rape .
you look so good and i love your hair ! !
look how much the game has changed since he came in .
given that the titan comics have reportedly been notoriously shit i shall withhold the hype for now .
that said apparently 8 's comic is pretty good so who knows ...
he missed an assignment but we just arent generating chances and leaving neuvirth out to dry .
while i 'm not for putting my freedom on the line for theoretical law i think it should be taken seriously .
is there any mechanism to make this accepted just curious
why does it matter that i took a pic with my phone ?
still looks good and just wanted to share something quick on my phone
i got ta 16 year old that 's wearing down .
know it 's gon na be a rough day .
to the person who commented you may be shadowbanned as i ca n't see your comment
the force he is with grieve i will not ''
there are a lot of artists who are out of work in the gaming industry due to an overflow of people wanting to get into the field .
there are really no permenant positions and everything will be both contract and extremely competitive .
i know people with masters degrees in art and game design who have been out of work for a very long time .
it has a lot to do with your work experience in the industry as well as who you know networking .
good luck if you choose something in video games but it is a very tough road .
dang cost of living is lower where you live too .
here the cheapest i could find was 550 for an apartment and its old and everything needs replacing and there 's no light .
but it 's a pretty good deal compared to the other apartments in my area .
yeah i think you 're underestimating how much a kid costs .
you 'd be making well under 40k even with two parents working at minimum wage with 40 hours a week .
one really bad unlucky incident and your savings could be gone .
i do agree with you though people are generally not so great at managing their money .
i try to keep a relatively low amount of money in my checking account so i have to check it more often and keep track of exactly how much i 'm spending .
i kinda feel like depending on how much you use your phone what you use it for kinda decides whether the cost is worth it smart phones are nice .
i 'm feel like i 'm rambling so i 'm leaving now .
i 'm working tonight so this is how i 'm going to stay in the know .
hope it all goes well for rand he should get more speaking time now that there 's just 8 of them .
this sounds exactly like the plot of like crazy .
i need some advice on my lineup currently flipping back and forth with another guy for first in our 6 team points only league but i am looking pretty foolish adding and dropping players all the time only to end up with the same guy i had originally .
some fa still available are couture kreider e staal e kane simmonds hossa faulk palmeiri marchand weise henrique zajac stempniak lindberg hornqvist thornton and yakupov .
my d is pretty much keeping me near the top of the heap looking for a third goalie but i can just pick one up later still a fair number of mid level ones left .
dissidia news is sometimes swallowed up whole and never seen again .
it didnt get banned because it was toxic '' it was banned because too many fatties got triggered and whined about it while eating chips and genetics .
holy mother of god that sugaree solo melted my face
this is the most satisfying thing i 've read all month .
you underestimate the value of small time casual gambling for fun .
if i put 5 on my fanduel team it adds a little excitement to the whole thing .
i do n't really care if i lose which i probably will it 's money well spent in entertainment .
also you actually can get better at it with practice .
at first i lost every time but then i was pretty much breaking even .
you got ta be on a real involved statistical level to win the big money but idgaf about that tbh .
ca n't wait to see what community people come up with either .
i was just reading about baggage handlers wanting a raise on their 10 an hour wage and i got curious as to how much they used to make so i found an article from 1985 .
baggage handlers at pan am were making 31,600 a year in 1985 dollars .
according to the inflation calculator that is almost 70,000 a year today .
the point is that regular semi-skilled jobs used to provide a decent living and now they do n't .
wealth did n't always go only to the top .
why are americans putting up with the shareholder is king argument ?
why do quite a few americans argue against their best interests ?
are we all hypnotized by 24 hour news and experts '' ?
i like what he says about a subset of things but overall i can not trust him to lead my country .
that being said some of what he points out is helpful to be heard .
my sister 's current husban seems much nicer than her first but i just feel like this is going to fall apart because of the circumstances and rush .
and i better not get yelled at if it does i got yelled at by my mom about the first one and i tried to have a counseling session with my parents and my sister 's divorce was the first thing my dad brought up .
more so if it was the british comic though .
i do n't think there 's less meaningful quests but that a lot of quests are locked behind long quest-chains for the brotherhood of steel spoiler and minutemen spoiler
i like that hatch spoiler have n't seen on like that before
by literally following this definition standard beneficial techniques like qos blatantly violate net neutrality .
by a realistic definition https www.washingtonpost.com/news/innovations/wp/2014/10/10/5-insights-from-vinton-cerf-on-bitcoin-net-neutrality-and-more nobody gives two shits since it 's inherently beneficial .
they are n't charging more they are n't limiting speed they are n't favoring one provider over another ... it 's a positive discrimination .
the service that caused comcast to lay down caps and hike up prices is the one service that t-mobile a provider with inherently limited bandwidth says feast like kings we do n't give a fuck . ''
the fundamental notion behind net neutrality is that the parties who were supplying access to the internet should not be permitted to engage in anti-competitive behavior and in anti-consumer behavior .
so what we do n't want is parties providing access also limiting choice the users have to where they go on the net and what they do when they get there .
with regard to performance it 's entirely possible that some applications needs far more latency like games .
other applications need broadband streaming capability in order to deliver real-time video .
others do n't really care as long as they can get the bits there like e-mail or file transfers and things like that .
but it should not be the case that the supplier of the access to the network mediates this on a competitive basis but you may still have different kinds of service depending on what the requirements are for the different applications .
there 's also some argument that says well you have to treat every packet the same .
or you ca n't charge more for more usage .
your cuntpasted wikipedia header if followed to the letter would fuck up the internet .
net neutrality fights anti-consumer behavior not lol everting is same '' .
just indirect nerf to control mages after they 've shown themself at worlds .
you are so full of shit maybe you needs some meds
average healthcare costs does not mean what you think it does .
you pull random numbers from google and try to make a point ... 13k for 15 in pills ... . yeah you 're to stupid to get your own health care.. you better let adults do it for you .
but i just run through and hit stuff a couple of times and it dies .
i suspect that the tank trinket from kazzak would help a lot .
500 leach avoidance and speed is huge at lower levels .
yeah i 'll probably end up forcing myself to do those would be nice to get cooper in the slot
h-1b visa is for foreigners to work in the usa so the jobs are not leaving the usa they 're just being taken by foreigners .
got the 30 day message been calling the automated line which switched to the 7-10 day message around the 6th .
i used 3 years i think it was 3 semi-real business my wife is a fitness and dance instructor so used that 21k annual income rough estimate last year she made 16k and has had a bit more work this year .
my weakness is aaoa that 's under 3 years now most of my new cards are 6-7 months old with one freedom at 4-5 months .
also the only 3d non-parody one that is n't in early access .
it has all the elements base-building crafting and zombies ofc
are these deals we can order online and pickup whenever/have shipped or do we have to stand in line ?
i 'm interested in a new tv but i am not standing in some ridiculous line for saving a few bucks .
bonus points if you share our website http playdragonracer.com too !
except there are like 2 armor pen items in the game .
and brutalizer used to build into one of them .
now it only builds into the jungle warrior enchant .
i used it as a toplaner but riot does n't want us killing tanks anymore .
it would have been more impressive passing through objects that ca n't fucking move .
like set an alarm or you might easily forget to eat in a given day .
in the long term it can really mess up your metabolism .
it sucked after the killer guy knocked the video camera over with the spoon .
i 'm very interested in hearing from people that go to bible school and lose their faith .
if you do n't mind me asking what was the biggest reason that caused you not to believe anymore .
days of future past and quantum leap basically did that and did it well .
in terms of physics it 's sending information back to a point before it could have existed .
even in bttf old biff sends information back to his younger self about the future .
whether he did that through the way down in the movie a physical book or through purely mental methods does n't matter to the end result .
neither have a chance though we both know that .
saying getting rid of dodd-frank will recent another economic crisis that dodd-frank was created in response to is just stupid .
we do n't need to repeal dodd-frank we need to reenact glass-steagal .
correct my point was the hov lanes are being closed along 635 and express '' lanes are opened which are toll roads .
there 's a bar on campus that prior to joining the sec was called big 12 .
it is now called campus bar and grill but everyone still calls it big 12 .
almost certaintly changing the collet this style of mill uses a drawbar tightened where the wrench is .
speed adjustment is usually through a cvt adjusted via a knob on the front .
yeah in the region where the volcanos happen to be .
so when would one go for radiance over manta first ?
if we were to build radiance bot manta octarine wouldnt it be the same as the current alchemist meta build ?
literally ca n't even open the game ... been troubleshooting for about 3 hours now .
i 've tried everything i can think of and still no luck
god damnit the one game i can watch in weeks and it 's tim fucking peel ...
in that context it should be every day '' instead of everyday '' now you learned two things today
taken overall it 's pretty damn good to be honest ...
i 'd be surprised if it is n't at least as accurate as nhl scouts if you looked at averages .
i think that a lot of the republican party 's platform would dovetail nicely in the anti-13th ammendment camp .
but at least the inhumanity of slavery would be enough to get them to forego those biases .
1876 which would have some truth in terms of manufacturing power and workforce .
my local cl has a super rare limited edition not sold in stores '' ucs tumbler for 600 .
i believe you do n't achieve veteran status until you serve 180 days for active duty soldiers .
so he is also a liar on top of being a scumbag .
i do n't know that i 'd be comfortable with giving out enough information to strangers to make a pic of a certification non-generic but maybe if it were mod-assigned flairs of a different sort that might help .
if someone has given actual knowledgeable advice they might get some sort of flair indicating that .
the problem with that is that the mod team has real lives and should n't be expected to spend as much time and effort as it would take to implement most useful forms of verification .
i would totes love to see requesting posters get horrible flairs when they pull a ghost though .
some requests require time and research to get nailed down and i do n't think that i 'm alone in wanting to know whether or not my advice helped or if i was way off base .
it 's a good way to learn more while ostensibly helping people .
ghost ops are an issue on almost all similar forums though but i 've never seen anywhere that seems to care about it .
edit wow i ca n't believe my top comment is about my penis !
good luck they 've only been ignoring this issue since oblivion .
did bigfoot just squeeze the sweat out his t shirt onto the gym floor ?
wages f mpl wages are a monotonic function of the marginal product of labor not actually equal to it itself this occasionally comes up on r/badeconomics but you do have to give some leeway for negotiating power and information inavailability or asymmetry .
gavin gives the young buronzu a clap on the shoulder .
someone please explain to me how the game 's engine is broken .
they made an attempt to compare educational levels but not degrees or quality of institution .
they controlled for age which is normally a fair proxy for experience .
however that leaves issues like english majors from a community college being compared to mit graduates .
i am making the argument that h1bs may be paid more because the possess a valuable skill set .
whereas your best buy geek squad tech does not .
i was never making the argument that h1bs are less skilled than the average us tech worker .
if anything you would expect them to be more so .
i am arguing that the data must be comparing apples to oranges not that one set of apples is of lower quality than the other set of apples .
that said having read through their more detailed defense of their findings i found them largely unconvincing .
the links they provided to academic criticisms were far more convincing including gems like the brookings institute discarding 45 of all h1bs from their study because they either were n't aware of the size of the h1b program or they were cherry pinking only favorable cases the details of their study data being private and not available for public review and so on .
you may have convinced me that their statistical errors may be less than they initially seem .
you have not convinced me the study is correct .
when almost every other study on the topic has diametrically opposite findings you have an uphill fight to prove your case .
the biggest single thing the study lacks is an explanation for why it would be true that a captive workforce with absolutely no bargaining leverage would be paid more than workers free to ask for better wages or leave for a different employer .
there is no proposed mechanism for this if they are truly comparing apples to apples .
edited to add as an example there is an extremely simple explanation for the brookings findings that h1bs making more than us workers and it is even in the ops article minimum wage for a h1b is 60,000 year .
so you can not possibly be comparing apples to apples when you compare h1bs to us tech workers in general .
according to health canada http www.hc-sc.gc.ca/dhp-mps/marihuana/med/infoprof-eng.php chp2232 this metabolite is similar to and as potent as if not more potent than delta-9-thc the cannabinoid we all know and love .
they have what 's referred to as equipotent psychoactivity .
anecdotally speaking 11-hydroxy-thc is quite a bit stronger '' and most definitely seems to cross the blood-brain barrier '' more quickly and with a different kind of force .
as for exact measurements i 'm nowhere near as smart to figure that out .
but i know the effective dose for delta-9-thc is measured in milligrams not grams my guess is it 's about three or four times as strong so 10 mg of 11-hydroxy-thc would be like 30-40 mg of delta-9-thc .
if you 're asking for more practical reasons i usually find that even half a gram of finely ground cannabis soaked in milk for an hour will rock me like a hurricane .
so assuming the finely ground cannabis is good pot '' with about 15 per cent thc content you can assume there would be about 75 mg of thc getting soaked out of the plant and into the milk .
that 's quite a high dose and only advised for those with a high tolerance .
but yes then imagine your liver metabolizes those 75 mgs of thc into 11-hydroxy-thc and you 're on another planet as it triples in potency .
he said because it 's an animal lab with equipment and space limits there 's nothing he can do .
because they roll around like a fucking lottery machine before settling on the number
how long do you guys think it will be before mew2king mains pichu ?
someone tipped me after i gave them an upgrade but if you 're nice or ask nicely and we have enough i 'll just do it for free .
i 'm trying to cover my diy bin totally in vape stickers and i 'm starting to get close .
i remember looking at the sauce bottles with all the pepper sitting near the bottom .
when it was off hunter it was very hit or miss .
the brisket would be good one day and bad the next yes i 'd go there days in a row .
i 'm a fan of their fatty brisket and turkey .
they 've definitely gotten more consistent since they moved to ih-35 .
i have 0 or less faith in them at this point .
good places for sunbroing are raime elana and sinh just leave your sign before their fog walls or in raime 's case in the bonfire .
it 's not really apathy but sure whatever so sorry to waste a minute of your time on reddit .
i 'll guide my policy with a policy that will policize the betterment of america . ''
many of the developers put little hints and secrets in the texture files including signatures '' .
they are basically easter eggs sometimes telling us who created the texture or came up with the idea or a hint to a little lore or detail about the thing the texture is for .
the zombie pigman texture has the username of the person who inspired notch to come up with the idea the original idea wan just for pigmen .
searge put his name in the armor stand textures .
the shulker texture is labeled endergolem.png '' and it 's bullet is labeled spark.png '' .
it has worked for me a few times but in all those cases i was trying to open an excessively large file .
all i had to do is let it look for a solution '' while the thing actually loads .
people watching '' alice answered flatly her tone bored and uninterested as she faced the girl that had elbowed her .
taking a sip of her own water alice 's gray eyes made contact with kelly 's own .
alice 's eyes looked both bored and judging as they peered closely at kelly 's before she looked away with a shrug .
this newcomer was n't drunk and they were n't being obnoxious either so they were welcome enough .
it sounds like your university did a great job not teaching you redundantnewthing.js framework xyz/fotm stuff and taught you the fundamentals instead .
they have been at the gates of sadad before .
and with the arrived assyrians the chances of isis are slim .
right you could do it but there is still the matter of an unpiloted plane crashing randomly even if it is n't into you personally .
i want to learn more about engineering so i want to make some moving parts .
you 're idea is probably better than mine because it 's already tried and tested but i still want to do the trying and testing .
if carson/kasich/fiorina were dropped these debates would be so much better .
experiment ... there 's a lot more subtlety in the game than you 'd expect after playing for an hour .
if you get stuck definitely check out the sidebar guides .
every laker related thread 's top comment is always a twist on lakers tanking '' .
r/nba is quite creative in finding different ways of saying of saying it .
chevy has onstar which while many people do n't want to pay an annual fee for it it does allow gm vehicles to have some very nice features like this if the customer is willing to pay for it .
that was tazz 's first wwf match not counting the ecw invasion on raw right ?
they were teasing his arrival for weeks and he shows up and chokes out angle for his first loss angle eventually comes to and is convinced he won .
both of them were over as fuck at first .
angle 's streak was also only two months i believe from survivor series 99 to the rumble .
impressive and enough that it 's worthwhile for commentary to point it out but the undefeated streak did n't last long enough to be what he was known for .
nothing like rusev who was n't pinned or submitted for a calendar year until he ran into big match jern or ryback for however long it was with him when he first showed back up .
maybe a tad early on the loons but you crushed it anyway .
i 've never used any brush besides the awful wilkinson sword and my kent pure badger .
which confuses me i love my badger brush yet everyone on here says they 're shit all the time .
i have no problems with it i find it soft it lathers well it does n't smell bad it almost does n't shed at all .
am i just thinking this because i have n't tried a boar bristle brush ?
it 's been 15 minutes or less where before it would take half an hour .
ya they 're going to need to release some good patches this week hopefully .
and that 's exactly what they are afraid of .
discrimination over arches any particular action and those are strong laws and gays are a legally protected group witness the utah compromise .
in the name of non discrimination they would be legally backed into a corner and would lose tax exempt status lawsuits and be forced to back pedal to whatever extent .
so much easier to make people and families disposable .
the church has never been about christian behavior anyway .
shitposts usually refers to stuff like meme 's jokes celebrity nonsense etc .
stuff not actually relevant to the game compared to posts about blizzard policies which clearly are relevant but can still be whiny and useless .
i mean this thread was posted in response to a joke website/game someone made .
anyway if you hate people complaining so much just down vote them .
or ... a reference to the old radio shack tandy computers back in the late 80s early 90s that ran on dos and looked much like the terminal screens in game .
you can fully implement aoe units just by giving them the stats and appearance .
but there 's nothing official and i assume it 's not balanced yet .
also regardless of coolness there 's not a lot of value in this .
yeah from my understanding the bluecard is some kind of r4 clone .
i 'm all too new to this so i 'm not sure how i would go about loading it in ds mode and loading the proper .nds file to get the mset exploit working .
maybe someone else can chip in or maybe i can find a tutorial online .
edit inserted the blue card but i 'm not even able to get it to work no icon or anything for it and going into ds profile mode does n't load it so i dont know if using the blue card is viable .
edit2 might need wood firmware for the bluecard need to check that out .
edit3 gateway blue card showed up but received an error upon launching it microsd card needs to be converted to fat32 .
maybe he is the real president and they switches places because they knew their might be a threat now he is slowly trying to get his old job back ?
i think it 's cause this game allows role playing so she prob enjoys that a lot
ron paul had the delegates to get the nomination .
go watch the video of the vote on the floor of yays and neighs .
boehner was reading the results of the call out vote from a teleprompter .
they also changed the rules on the fly so he could n't win .
paul should have been the nominee had the rules actually been followed from what i saw on those videos .
i pmed u/ttumblrbots and i 'll see if they reply by sometime tomorrow .
the cpu power is a 8 pin connector near the cpu socket btw
because as a jew all my family 's gold was stolen by the nazis .
i got recently 504 golden ages tiny epic defenders tesla vs edison espana 1936 and i should be getting pax pamir and codenames soon .
do n't knock it till you actually watch it .
just do n't cast fate 's edict on lc plz .
legion and her target can not be disarmed during duel .
ghost scepter/eblade and hex do n't stop them from attacking either .
however a target that was hexed before being dueled wo n't be able to attack until the hex wears off .
it 's a british blue the poster boy of upscale cat food !
the video he is referring to is such bullshit .
he claims he 's pretend tracing '' the guy through the wall .
looked really fishy when his crosshair kept popping back to the guys head .
guy has his head so far up his own ass he 's become a singularity .
this is n't marked as advice welcome but i think you know what to do op .
if we had a bunch of american cities had statues dedicated to crazy murderers i ca n't wait to see when chicago dedicates a statue to john wayne gacy or when newtown connecticut makes a statue of adam lanza .
congrats on your team 's recent wc win by the way
yea in general our drug laws are strict and pretty old they were written over 30 years ago .
for example it is only legal for a police officer in new zealand to stop and search a person or their vehicle for three reasons .
if they suspect them of having a weapon if they suspect they have recently committed a murder or violent crime ... or if they suspect them of carrying drugs .
but my high school was also stricter than most when it came to drugs the punishment for being caught smoking cigarettes was often suspension .
yep the free turns is the super mario bros badges
the red cups were never about christmas they were just for the holiday season without being specific .
and personally i like the flat red they went with it 's simple .
or simpler interventions when/if the pills hit their limits !
there was a bonus xp event that just ended not too long ago .
i want to put my face between your legs and eat you all night long .
check all of sanctuary the backyards especially if you have issues go into settlement mode and look for him that way because the sanctuary bounds will be in a green zone also check red rocket afterwards he will be in the green zone .
for some reason visitors side is like 60 minimum on stubhub .
wow i would have expected seattle to be in your top 5 .
john key today said https www.tvnz.co.nz/one-news/new-zealand/child-molesters-murderers-rapists-defiant-john-key-releases-offences-for-kiwi-detainees.html the number of serious offenders amongst the new zealand detainees was one third no mention how many were actually rapists so two thirds of nzers there have minor convictions .
a minority of the offenders are serious offenders and again there is no evidence that any of them have been convicted of rape/sexual assault/murder other than john key spewing it out in parliament .
the majority of new zealanders detained on christmas island hold minor convictions for which they have already served their sentences .
they do n't deserve the treatment they 're receiving and the labour party is right in standing up for them .
for jk to accuse them of 'supporting rapists ' over new zealanders has no factual basis and i absolutely understand why the members male members were amongst those who walked out too left the house after carter failed to respond in an adequate manner and support their decision to have done so especially considering some of them have themselves been victims of sexual abuse in the past .
i also feel like the guy who took the video will go far .
he got everything became invisible to the protesters and got through their line .
could have been part of the weird business that took mascherano and tevez there .
was stated right in the contract when you signed away your soul to this team .
i did n't know shirts could do that without suffocating the occupant .
carlton have beaten west coast more times than west coast have beaten carlton .
the advice would be that she gets a job if she wants a divorce
i 'm interested bin how it performs in an fps
if you count them he got the ball took two steps scored
i 'm at a point to where all i can think on this issue is why even try ?
just dissolve it altogether and just go straight into new year .
only children give a fuck about christmas and that 's because it 's when they get expensive shit for nothing .
everyone got what they wanted the christians are free to put christ back in christmas and the other religions and atheists do n't have to hear about it for a month out of the year .
so maybe if we stop with all the half-ass advertising maybe everyone can finally stfu about it .
i got a day and a half out of it .
yeah you 'll have more options online the only thing will be if the color matches the picture so if you find one that looks close i would also google swatches just to make sure !
yeah i was gon na say something but i thought i was being paranoid .
if we live in anything resembling a just world history will crucify these people .
from op 's provided information what aspect of this was handled incompetently ?
ambulance crew arriving late and and at the wrong school
nor did they stop off for lunch on the way .
as for wrong school the usual cause of such problems is poor directions combined with the lack of any useful system of uniquely identifying locations .
i just want a sander 's presidency to pave the way for elizabeth warren .
i refuse to vote democrat if that happens since she does n't represent me .
this is completely about control of the courts though .
i never touched any settings and i 'm getting satellite imagery every time .
im not a fan of the song or anything but shia and that maddie girl are both incredible .
ive seen her in a few sia sets and she 's incredibly talented i cant imagine any actor playing shias role either .
trump has been saying for a while now that he 's a free-trader but we need to make trades that are fair and not to our disadvantage .
basically he wants to make smart trade deals that enrich america .
i do n't hate him at all and i think is a decent coach ... .i just think we can find a younger better one .
at the end of the first year though i wo n't pay you the 200 i owe you .
i 'll let you stimulate my by loaning me 500 more at 20 year after all growth is better right ?
the extra 500 will help me pay you back next year .
then the next year i wo n't pay you back the 300 i owe you but you will probably want to stimulate me for 500 more .
by year 3 i 'll definitely have the money together to start paying you back .
if you 're using pc press scroll lock to hide all the ui .
depending on which build you 're looking for i prefer the pure fiend build i 'd imagine that vanity 's fiend will bump up a little and maybe the light monarch but everything else is pretty low rarity wise so i 'm not sure .
if you are gon na put more research into it just see which monarch spells/traps have rarity of super/secret/ultra that have n't been printed in a while and those are the ones that will most likely go up
69 count truly the perfect number of nuggets someone could want .
you are over simplifying the issue when you suggest that there is no scientific debate on human caused climate change .
there is a high amount of confidence that human activity is altering the planet 's climate but when you get down to the specifics and start to make predictions there is still much debate .
because a lunatic killing leprechaun chased me to get it back .
the top 10 overrated games video was so bad he decided to take it down .
do n't think he 's done that with any other videos so that 's saying something .
i tried obs multiplatform and here i can do 60fps with 16000 mbps without any problems !
ca n't pull people over ca n't have lights of certain colors or use a siren .
if you break those laws you 'll probably wind up in tons of shit for impersonation .
melanotan 2. injectable tan over the period of a few days and you dont got ta spray shit or lay on a tanning bed .
heck they say even porn sites can get free streaming as long as they apply for it .
all of it at no cost to the uploader .
all you need is one voice to be raised and everyone and hi grandma would spin up a full node to verify and then flee .
lol pls i have reported you countless bugs on skype and yet the item thumbnails for hyperbeasts are still broken
that 's why i want a plane themed cake that crashes into the number 11 !
not op but here http imgur.com/a/3yo41 are 3 little ones .
ninja edit to clarify this terminal is at a factory where they make robotic toy horses .
other logs mention suggestions of making unicorn and pegasus models to boost sales .
maybe from a pr/student relations perspective but as president he was very subpar .
minion for cleanup barbarian to test for external giant bombs my l3 hogs gets insta-killed by l3 giant bombs i think .
the army composition and deployment was very specific for that type of base .
it really depends on how far the ad is from outside .
if it 's too deep in you 'd have to funnel for the hogs .
it would be even funnier if you said this to someone you were having a face to face conversation with
yeah honestly it 's like you had all season .
ah okay guess i 'm a n00b to the area .
yeah my n confesses elaborately and usually sincerely that she was a terrible mother ... but it 's always in the past tense .
and she gets upset when i do n't forgive her and forget all the bad stuff she did .
apologies and forgiveness do n't work the way ns seem to think they do .
ns are always missing either the acknowledgement that their past and present behavior was wrong and that it hurt us or the long-term honest commitment to change .
without both those things it 's not a real apology .
pretty much all of no country for old men .
i 'm just amazed that anyone managed to consume a blend of red wine and beer .
it 's the boyfriends birthday then too so i 'm gon na drag you both to calendar girls .
if snook says it is broken i agree with him .
i 'm to lazy to read all of this so im just gon na agree with my friend snooks .
btw quick question are specialists obtained by going on a killstreak or deathstreak ?
and scorestreaks obtained by a certain number of points like bo2 ?
morning hit and the i was the only one who 'd ever expected me to be a man .
more than that my memoires were ... two fold .
at once i remembered the life i 'd have sworn i lived a life with a y chromosome and i remembered being a woman growing up coming out as a teenager .
and i could see the difference in how she looked at me though we were still just friends .
i could see her smile just a little more easily relax a little more when we were alone together .
she was the same stunning beautiful smart and funny and everything i wanted everything i loved .
i could see that i was what she wanted too .
it was different i could feel it but it felt right to be this way even before i could see how she looked at me and know that we could make something between us .
i take 175mg of imuran daily maximum dosage and 40mg of humira every two weeks for the past year .
i have noticed no side effects at all from the imuran some minor ones from the humira .
i have been symptom free since i started them in oct 2014 .
what if all businesses that did n't pay a decent wage disappeared ?
it 's a problem that should be examined but a whole shit ton of businesses would disappear if that were the criteria .
the rule is no witchhunts burning at the stake however ...
ate a ton of nachos right before bed had some crazy lucid dreams/fever dreams .
woke up delirious and sweatier than a dealer in a court building sleeping on my side with what felt like the weight of someone 's arms around my waist .
being super alone i thought it could n't be true until i tried to move until i tried to roll over and there was a loud distinct '' slurrrrrrp '' noise from whoever or whatever was playing big spoon behind me .
must 've laid there petrified without moving a muscle for about forty minutes before i decided that i would n't let this thing behind me have its way .
i let out a loud shriek and rolled over in my bed only to find that i had sweat so much that the warm weight i was feeling was just my drenched blanket on top of me and the slurping noise was it peeling off of the sheets below which it had stuck to because of the moisture .
in rolling over i also fell out of my bed which was lofted about 5 feet off of the ground i had no concept of where i was in the bed since it was pitch-black and i could n't move my arms around to get my bearings .
also i feel bigger maps would enable people to implement the wall running more
it 's just another back-door attempt by right-wingers to split us up or get us to fight with each other .
like when they spread rumours that prop 8 was made possible by black voters which was not wholly untrue but was statistically misleading an attempt to split the political left over gay marriage .
i 've no doubt the truth is horrific and unfair were it to be revealed .
i wonder if it 's gone on at arsenal without wenger knowing though ...
i mean ... it would n't be the biggest shock in the world if sayyyy alexis was on something .
i like to think that is n't the case but he sure does seem superhuman at times .
my experience is the dealers in the bigger city bay area ca have the worst prices because of their high traffic .
my new car deals some insane ones were always found outside the big city .
your neighbor probably would 've gotten a better deal than just 500 over invoice if he actually tried .
but time is money if hes happy then hes happy .
that does n't mean he got a good deal though even though he may truly believe that .
to render a model with some solid and some transparent parts i would think you need to break it into two meshes ...
the solid mesh has the default material or whatever and the transparent one has depth_write '' turned off.. then disable depth sorting so that the objects get rendered in the order they were added to the scene ... .
they were initially but the empire recruited as many people as possible to join their faceless army .
i did see someone once posted that most clones are dead by episode 4 but i do n't really care to search if that 's true or not
put mug of plain milk in the microwave til its hot then stir in a few spoons of milo .
i 'm not sure if gt emulates it but could also be tyre temperatures .
race tyres require a lot more heat to stick .
the cars you 're driving probably are n't getting them to the right temps to be effective .
nah there was that one episode when he had a growth spurt and all the girls in school thought he was fine .
he did n't know how to handle the power so he fucked up and they all found out about each other at the car wash .
there 's one for sale in diamond city and also a few that can be found throughout the wastes
if you 're both saving money by living with parents you should be able to scrape together enough cash for a semi-decent place for a night .
why was he so surprised looking at the game why did n't he already know seeing it on the obs preview
i do not play vanu mainly or even partly but i did start as vanu on crux in the beginning quickly switching over to tr on the palos server because of a friend .
i played mostly on the tr character so she became my mainand i am battlerank 100 presently .
i can play any faction within the requirements of friendship .
no it 'll just get shot down in court and everything will return to normal however shitty that is .
i 've used mine on literally every single long distance trip in the uk .
every motorway service station seems to have chademo charing and many of the primary a roads too .
my guy looked like a brown wax version of this dude .
i do n't know what kind of work but it just does n't bring enough to the table for people to pick it over an enforcer or halberd .
he was busy looking up and firing those store managers !
it only requires a few hours a week but you must consistent in showing up
because i live in the united states and school is absurdly expensive here .
i have 5,500 or so saved up and that should pay just about one year of the local community college .
so we 're locking veteran 's day posts now i gather .
i wonder how it feels to not be able to comment on these posts .
i also like the moment when he told the other candidates that russian planes are already flying over iraq so a no fly zone shooting down the planes would start a war which is true not to arm enemies and very stupid/high school if the u.s. does n't talk to putin/russia .
his answer deserved a huge applause instead of the prattle the others especially carly/bush were going on about .
i really want to read uzumaki and a bunch of other stuff by junji ito now .
i get the idea sounds nice but some games the idiot '' in your team feeds the first 20min then after that he steps up .
so in that 20 min you kick him and he cant redeem himself ?
mostly you would want to kick courier feeders but people will start to kick players for being noob and lets face it we all have that one bad game every now and again .
noobs suck but they still need to learn so yeah i feel it will be more harmful than good .
just a note that you can not add personal information like numbers emails kik usernames user profiles and usernames/messenger names in comments or body of post you are more than welcome to pm that information !
if this is a false positive and there is n't personal information in your post please do not delete the message and instead message the moderators http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fr4r .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/r4r if you have any questions or concerns .
we got blown out three straight games while harden played like a potato and in a week 's time we went from 0-3 to 4-3 and harden had games of 37 33 43 and 46 points .
7 games into the season is too early to give up hope .
you are gorgeous and i wish there were nurses as fun and cute as you in the er .
i would enjoy giving report more when dropping patients off !
sounds like the start of a joke so an australian an argentinan and a frenchman take a hike in oregon ...
ca n't right now unless bethesda or a modder fixes it .
maybe you shouldv checked the min reqs before you bought it .
they showed off a snippet of attacking a base and also one that involves cruising around a friendly outpost where you should be able to trade with along with showing some extensive footage of finding a shipwreck and combatting some drones around it .
apparently there 's also going to be minerals and materials to mine from .
we 've also been told that we should expect some general activities from the base game to be implemented in planetary landing form so getting a bonus from exploring planets getting involved with mission taking place on a planet surface mining etc .
though the expansion does n't just entail this well this is more of a season pass '' than a single expansion .
the first release will involve most if not all of what i mentioned whilst future releases will add new ships a looting and crafting system storing a smaller ship in your ship and launching it as a defending fighter multi-crew etc
admittedly we still have to see whether the first release can get stale or not .
i 've had the fortune of being gifted the beta pass into the expansion so i intend on making a video on the first release give an overview on it and share some thoughts .
i guess they just wanted lothar '' as a name in there since the empowered seals talent already changes all of your seal effects to lore paladin effects '' such as turalyon 's justice uther 's insight liadrin 's righteousness and maraad 's truth .
only 32 of people achieve gold or higher so it is kind of hard to do in reality .
i meant that it has an impact on all gaming gpu sales discrete gpu ?
i wonder what he 'd think about something like you can do what you like with this software if you paid for it .
you may share your changes with other people as long as they paid for it too .
if we stop accepting payments in the future for longer than 3 months the software becomes permanently gratis . ''
you make money users get freedom as much freedom as is possible with you still getting paid .
i have been told that spain is the best choice for south americans .
only need three years to gain eu cizitenship most likely know the language and good clubs to loan the players too .
half life 3 and gta v mgsv and the witcher 3 all survived the hype at launch you know why ?
because the developers were n't shit mgsv was a console port and it runs better than fo4 on pc
i know people who have used a tent a handful of times had the netting tear or a tension pole break and be denied .
that just would never have happened before and that reputation was what built rei .
i use nike roshe which i wear around town and for the gym .
i would n't use them for serious running though since there is relatively little arch support .
depression is must claim so many victims before society takes it seriously .
as someone else mentioned seeing his wife devastated on tv and his death occurred near the burial site of his daughter were two hard details that i will always remember .
hello we 're located in the deep plus minus of the map and have recently returned from a temporary hiatus !
now is probably the best time to join us .
we have a themed nation of norse authoritarianism fascism .
we build rustic indigenous scandinavian viking '' homes mainly .
there is a fully-implemented constitution in place as well as various political parties battling for representation .
we could always use an extra citizen whether you wish to become friends with all of us or simply role-play is entirely up to you !
i 'm one of the wealthier players on the map there are many do n't get me wrong and i have been known for having the capabilities of massive production in the past which can quickly be restarted when i clean the cobwebs off all of my infrastructure .
however i do not horde my wealth i feed it back into my city thus success from a sustainable base of capital .
if you 're interested in vikings strong government and economic production we have space to show you around and get you settled !
oh my gosh i did not know there was a second round for data collection !
it 's nice to finally know what is going on behind the scenes in medfes .
i wonder if klab even knows it is broken .
next step will be adding the summonable homunculus imp imp upgrade tiers .
but the craziest thing is his niece was born on march 10th .
fugro discovery had arrived back in the search area on 3 november but on 4 november a crew member became ill with suspected appendicitis .
the doctor on fugro discovery attended the crew member and in consultation with onshore medical support as well as the doctor on board fugro equator the decision was taken to return to port so that further medical treatment could be provided .
after recovering the deep tow search system from the ocean the vessel made best speed for fremantle arriving in the evening of 9 november whereupon the crew member was transferred to hospital for further treatment .
the remoteness of the search area has been an ongoing challenge in the search for mh370 .
at the time the crew member became unwell fugro discovery was more than 2,000 kilometres 1,200 miles from fremantle—well beyond the range of any land-based helicopter .
the only viable option was to return to port .
other options such as transferring the crew member to fugro equator or an air-lifting operation once closer to land were considered but the risks were judged as being too great .
this incident is a timely reminder of the difficult conditions in which crew members work .
the vessels spend 42 days at sea between port calls in weather conditions which can be physically arduous and fatiguing for the crew .
some of the work performed can be hazardous particularly handling the heavy deep tow search system on a ships 's wet deck moving in a seaway .
the risk of a serious illness or injury on board a search vessel is a real possibility and for this reason the vessels have a doctor on board along with appropriate medical equipment and supplies .
the risk of a medical emergency is partly mitigated with regular health checks for the crew and a comprehensive system of safe working procedures however incidents can and will occur .
like lalu mentioned this is a price supporters of their opponents have to pay .
brahmin banniya dalit watch out for more yadav-muslim assaults .
in fact if i see my whole team get splatted i 'll just find a safe place to let them super jump to me because i know they 're going to do it anyway .
no sense in them getting splatted immediately when they land .
1 you need to re-word the first question since it does n't actually ask anything
3 in the early 1970s i loved the idea of what could be achieved by electricity and electronics i still do and a lot has been achieved
4 my passions are understanding how things work from their most basic level up so physics is important and i love measuring things temperature speed anything .
5 i do n't remember any such pitfalls engineers only work in the realm of solutions problems are merely the starting points
6 if you think you 're an engineer you should already be making and fixing things .
i am halfway through and i have to take a break
petition to stfu and let preseason be a time to try out things
thanks for the correction it 's quite hard to estimate the size of these things from standalone photos !
the a320 seats 220 so it 's quite a big difference in capacity .
yeah for once it 's a really subtle gold none of that garish shit .
the frost looks pretty awful in this photo really plasticky but i think that 's just the poor lighting .
it 's just a different finish that the aluminium so you get a different texture .
i have an aluminium ordered but i 'm still not a 100 on my choice because dayum that graphite looks really boss ...
you got the face impression of when your dad says he is about to fuck you
this has now been claimed not by me may i add
of examples of countries with single-payer systems that are much better much more efficient and work well .
i 'm not even sure what free market '' healthcare even looks like .
the moment you have a government regulation like you ca n't just let poor people die '' it throws everything off balance .
you ca n't go price shopping for bargains when you need life saving treatment .
our market '' before obamacare was free-er than almost anywhere and it 's what caused the psychotic patchwork system of employer coverage we have .
sorry there are systems that work and sorry again they appear to be the filthy socialist ones .
the idea that the free market would be better because it 's the free market is basically religious faith .
hopefully you took the fact that your capital gain will be less than 2 years and therefore taxable into account when negotiating with the developer ?
one time some prince or something bought sand from the netherlands for some horseriding competition .
the guy is a critic and the reason i trust his views are because i enjoy his personality do much .
no but i have n't seen anything in my time with fallout to say he is n't right in the nose here .
everything is locked in already it 's just a matter of time until everyone get 's their rewards .
yeah that 's why i do n't use messaging except amongst friends too many whiny kids with mental deficits reporting everyone that they do n't like .
audio chat is fair game tho if i endup in a kiddie group from lfg that keeps spewing random racist/offensive crap i usually speak my mind before gtfoing .
i believe this is coming from the fermi paradox which describes the disparity between the high estimated probabilities of alien civilisations existing and the lack of any evidence for such civilisations being found by us .
so you 've made some stellar points but one thing i have to ask ... . 1 you have played their games before right ?
also that 's sarcasm because you clearly know what you 're actually talking about modders have always done performance enhancement regardless if the hardware in question .
albeit we wint be able to push it anywhere near as far as we can on pc since it 's a closed system but it can be done .
bethesda is great as developers as publishers but in their games there has always been room for optimization and improvement through third parties for patching content and so on .
thanks the 15-year-old is a she while i am 17 .
i am the supplier and the one suggesting taking lsd so i basically harbor all responsibilty .
ahh right i will stick to the private servers then i think thanks for the heads up that is sort of what dissuades me a bit because usually if a game is still really active it will have a pretty big twitch following p
yeah for sure man i am just getting back into pc gaming so i need some friends to play with
stark performed that function at the end of the film .
likewise phil was n't in the first captain america film but having fury at the end achieved the same aim .
i 'm pretty darn sure this is not how it works .
for anyone thinking about buying realize that you probably will not be able to buy these licenses and register with autodesk .
they are extremely anal with license transfers and you might end up with a copy of software that is no different than a hacked copy of the software .
i 'm saying you used to be able to take cards from your opponent 's library and put them on your table face down currently nothing can be face down in exile .
watch episodes 4 5 1 2 3 6 in that order with the option of skipping 1 because jar jar banks is a dip shit .
i 'm somewhat guilty of neglecting some of the dds raiden for example mostly in expeds though satsuki would be the opposite being at a rather healthy lvl of 75 atm .
on the subject of wo i do like the gunsmith wo from zepher as well haha .
you can not reply to twitchplayspokemon for another 86400 seconds .
well when it comes to actors and musicians scientists and engineers are not a face of our society and culture aside the few people who are in that sweet spot of both cultural and scientific fame so they do n't get the same pay fame and recognition .
this is all dictated by the fact that entertainment is one of the most important aspects of modern life .
it may sound depressing at first but i think it 's not so bad .
athletes get their recognition because they push the boundaries of human body can do and actively sacrifice their bodies in the proces .
i bet 2 people came at the start of the thread said 'i do n't find this funny ' and now 2000 republicans came here to say 'wow u libruls r dum '
septim was a dragonborn and a emperor why ca n't i ?
because septim was a legitimate ruler by political consensus across the realm ?
you being able to shout very good does n't make you a ruler .
also there is n't much to rule over in skyrim .
if the thalmor were to invade they 'd fall pretty fast .
you 're so good that you should fuck off aka the mourinho treatment .
i get that kind of witchspca when there are some server connectivity issues on my end .
in your edit 2 nd gets left out in that scenario .
he 's not entirely wrong but for different reasons .
it 's estimated that within this century environmental migration will dwarf what europe is seeing now .
parts of africa are already becoming uninhabitable due to desertification drought ... and this will only worsen .
installing 'legitimate governments ' whatever that may mean and helping them fight the big bad terrorists wo n't do shit to prevent it .
who is that woman and what has she done to yang ?
the japanese command knew a protracted war with the us was unwinnable .
they knew if they pushed hard enough in the south pacific the us would take action .
the only option was to have a devastating strike first up put them 18 or 24 months behind in ship production take what they could and bargain for peace .
if they did enough damage at pearl harbour they would have taken whatever they needed over the next two years and called a truce once the americans could force project again
whatever it was your dogs were so petrified with fear that they could n't make a sound .
whatever that thing was is probably the scariest thing to have ever oh my god do n't look behind you do n't move oh jesus please no
did you happen to catch about when they are talking ?
i 've got cak approach on 11/10/15 at 2030-2100z wrong time linked here .
have you tried going to a doctor and talking to them ?
though abraham 's a little bitch '' did n't clue you in ?
the problem is more the woman who wants the 6 ' swedish architect or a comparably exotic combination of qualities .
you see the problem with female preference-stacking '' or dealbreaker-stacking is that they snowball until you 'll hardly find a single guy who checks all the boxes .
a woman who has a bunch of dealbreakers that are actually pretty common is reducing her options to such a degree that there are literally no single men left that qualify as he 'll do '' for her .
i usually try to illustrate how ridiculous that is with the following scenario for the sake of this thought experiment assume that a you could objectively measure all traits on a scale for some traits one ca n't and b that they do n't correlate with one another they do to some extent .
now you have a woman who wants a guy who is above the median in the following categories which is n't remotely unrealistic underperforming in any of them happens to be a pretty reliable dealbreaker for plenty of women
after all above the median means that you have a 50 chance to nail it as a guy right ?
well ... you see the problem with that list is that you have to get all of these and suddenly the 50 chance shrinks to a measly 1/2^^6 1.56 .
granted some things correlate intelligence and wealth being the most obvious but on the other hand at least median '' does n't cut it if it sucks for example having an above median '' physique is still perfectly compatible with being a fat slob in a society where 2/3 are overweight .
which means that in some of these categories not being in the top 30 is already a fucking common dealbreaker for example height and physique and being in the top 10 in pretty much all of them is a fucking common ideal .
and this does n't even take additional priorities into account like age ethnicity personality and compatibility hobbies interests political opinion etc. .
all this means that even if you compromise in one or two categories and expect a medal for it because you dated a short or a chubby or a non-handsome guy you 'll still be fishing in an extremely limited dating pool .
no it is n't just laziness or poor personal hygiene that 's a dealbreaker for women .
it 's all these other things they consider as baseline qualities in fact so baseline that they often take them as a given from the onset that make dating difficult because they bank on the laws of probability bending over for them .
i live in alaska with no running water or sewer in the corner of my shop with my giant dog and i trend towards being slightly crazy .
assuming that the reason they did this was so that builds that did decide to split into str would deal more damage later then it should be fine .
that being said having enough dex to just barely be above a targets crit resist and str for it 's crit modifier will always be superior than full dex which people are running right now .
but with the current content it 's easily possibly to be full dex .
partially due to many magic mobs/bosses being broken and partially due to the face that elite mobs do n't show up in large quantities till around 170 really .
this is also assuming that imc is trying to aim for the late game balance which imo is never a good thing .
but to be honest this really seems to be the direction their aiming for .
do be peacefull teach us shit and be nice so we can live in peace
the esteemed time magazine has a whole article about an interview in maxim magazine about the presidential choice of a popular entertainer ?
i mean i like rousey and sen. sanders but is this news '' or entertainment news ? ''
and here i was woundering why it did n't work .
apparently you should n't write when you 've been up for 26 hours straight .
awesome thank you so much for your time i will be trying your advice out tonight as long as i do n't end up healing so hopefully should come out if it smarter than your average bear ...
you know its not like you can pause an online game ... there are people counting on him to be able to finish this raid he cant just quit .
how do you think his teammates would feel if they failed their multi-hour raid because of gour husband because of you ?
thats a lot of time wasted really annoying for them and on top of that they wont trust your husband anymore so he will lose his partners resulting in him having less fun in his free timw .
all because you wanted to have sex now and failed to recognize his commitment .
me too i 'll probably end up collecting them in about 3 years or so .
and yet amd is the one who bought ati and trying to control both markets .
the best exercise is the one you 'll do .
exercise is not a primary tool for weight loss if anything it 's secondary .
first things first make sure your diet is working .
then absolutely pick some exercise to round out your fitness and it can help your weightloss .
m52 5'11½ '' 182cm sw:298lb^/135kg cw:175lb^/79kg gw:181lb^/82kg recap http redd.it/3cqszm with myfitnesspal http www.myfitnesspal.com/funchords walking/hiking tops http www.tops.org
with how badly bethesda dicked over obsidian over the release of nv that will likely never happen .
even if it did chris avellone is n't even with obsidian anymore not that he made the game by himself but its a major factor
oh yeah finally can skill up my aria and delphoi .
this was a real fear of mine for a few months as a kid .
blame some anime that i 've never been able to find since .
depends what your eye is scanning for the steamplay text is n't a guarantee .
for example undertale http store.steampowered.com/app/391540 says steam play '' but is windows mac only .
i believe the steamos logo is what should be scanned for .
wow just who does this guy think he is .
why would anyone want to play under his team .
the building in skyrim was pretty underwhelming so i did n't expect much but it 's great .
it 's just like physics in that there is debate among members of the community and there are studies on top of studies done on specific topics .
econometrics is able to give us models to use that are adequate
if the models were adequate it would work much better as a predictive science than it actually does .
thinking you can predict the difference in consequences between a 12 and 15 dollar minimum wage with any certainty is just hubris .
nuclear is not our best option now because it will take over a fucking decade to get any new ones running .
solar is here now and getting more efficient and cheaper every year .
if it serves of anything i 've been unable to have the band to reliably track sleep since i got it and i 've tried every trick on the book upgrading app/firmware wearing it tight wearing it loose sleeping with the app running ... too many days does n't register any sleep at all .
i should be having a psychotic rampage due to insomnia according to the miband .
i used sleep as as android for months before with great results but i did n't like having the phone on the bed and crashing it on the floor or something and a couple days the phone awoke me overheated .
the miband has been a bad replace in that regard i love it for everything else though
i 've come to the conclusion that i simply do n't sleep the way the band considers to be 'sleeping '
right now for the past 2 months yes he has that issue '' as when he plays for brazil .
and guess what hes pulling superior numbers than messi at the same age .
being the focus of the team is always better for stats performance .
check out my craigslist post above for pictures and a description of the apartment .
the tldr of the craigslist post is that i 'm looking for someone to take over my lease .
rent fees utilities and everything else run about 565 a month .
i have three roommates and they are all great guys .
overall i 've enjoyed my stay here but i just ca n't afford it anymore .
if you 're interested or know someone that is please feel free to reply to my craigslist ad reply to this post or send me a pm .
i 'm really lovin ' fallout 4 even though i 'm not much for fps .
i 've always liked this series because i love post apocalyptic things..
that being said i 'm missing a lot of shots x i 'm running out of ammo for literally every gun..
i try to buy/trade with people when i find them and i loot all the bodies i can but i 'm at a point where i have about 15 guns and 0 ammo for any of them .
is there a place where ammo is cheap/found in abundance ?
i 'm at her house fairly often we 've hooked up '' but never gotten to a point where clothes come off .
she told me she 's into being a sub so i do n't know if that was an open invitation to demand she jumps on my dick or what but god damn it got me going .
this is my first cube ever so be gentle but let me know what i should change to make this optimal .
besides removing ashnod 's coupon that will just be fun for my playgroup .
got pap in round 8 was thinking ok great now let me get cp got all the fuses plug them all in great mine while i had 1 zombie chasing me then i think ok let me get the rock shield this is where the bs happened the 3rd part the file tank ... never spawned ! ! ! ! !
i looked literally all over map i found a few of the tanks out of pods but then this fucking game would n't let me pick the tank up pods i am done with soe
about 3 months ago i was sneaking around my uncle 's house looking for something i needed desperately which is n't anyones buisness .
when i stumbled apon a hatch underneath a bookshelf why i was moving the bookshelf is also noones buisness .
i turned the flashlight on my phone on and went in .
it was cold and wet and the walls were made of stone .
it was basically just a hallway and at the end there was a seemingly very old book .
it was thick and on the cover was a red cross which i later learned was the symbol of the group you all know so well templars .
on either sides of the walls were red and black cloth and leather coats .
i grabbed the book and climbed out of the weird room .
i ran back to my house which was about 10 miles away like i said .
running 10 miles is more tedious than exasperating for me as i am very nimble and fit for my age .
the book contained everything to know about the templars and their differences with the assassins .
i tried to research the assassin order online but could n't find anything ...
i cracked it and a whole archive of info was revealed about the assassins which led me here .
i agree completely with the views and beliefs of the assassins .
i am quick smart couragous and extremely eager to learn .
i will go to any lengths to protect and serve the order .
stay your blade from the flesh of an innocent .
i am young and can offer a lot to the order .
tj is automatic brewer is on the hitlist '' for now and ty is in the danger zone if he dose n't improve .
just checking in here on the first eve of battle .
like they say the first week hell even this first night is the hardest .
this is especially true for all that have recently relapsed before the beginning of this war .
i was there just over a week ago stuck for weeks in a vicious cycle of mini-streaks and not-so-mini binges .
but i 've been riding the wave of a recent streak i 'm currently sitting at nine days with plans to finally make this my big 90 .
this is going to be hard mode for me .
the last war i had the delightful crutch of a girlfriend to service my urges .
since the dissolution of that relationship the longest hard mode streak i have held has been 21 days and holy fuck was it ever hard .
trying to go easy for nearly a year i never had the experience so hats off to all you long-time hard mode warriors .
anyways like i said i plan on making this my big reboot a complete resetting of the self and hopefully a catalyst for some re self-discovery along the way .
i 've recently started yoga and i 'm trying to establish a habit of mindfulness meditation .
i have also started going to the gym in a much more concentrated way than ever before i 've been meaning to gain weight for years and thanks to r/gainit i have finally moved past any trepidation and excuses i was prone to make before and have actually made amazing progress in just a few short months !
in fact reddit is a treasure trove of great advice and support .
it 's up to us to sift for the gold in the detritus .
i plan on maintaining an active presence in this barracks .
i fought with aqua last war and despite falling off the radar later in the conflict i learned a lot from those guys .
a sense of community is imperative in this battle we are all in this together and yet we are also all too easily entirely alone .
i realize this is somewhat rambly a bit off-the-cuff .
it 's good to get these thoughts out there .
in the coming days and weeks i hope to engage some of you in great conversation and maybe post some of the tools that have been – and that continue to be – helpful to myself in this battle .
for now fare thee well on this first night .
i look forward to seeing you all standing as the sun rises into that pale blue sky tomorrow .
i have a budget of 150 but i prefer to keep the expenditure closer to 100 .
after a lot of lurking and thinking i think i have my candidates narrowed down .
i wan na take as much advantage of the bn sale as i can .
are there any tricks you can give me to lower the costs even further ?
i 'll be making my purchases in-store as the one near me has a great selection .
edit i should note that i am buying hoop dreams for sure so take that into account please .
as can be seen my upper body is much stronger comparatively than my lower body .
i can also do a 130 pounds added full range chinup and 8 reps dips at 80 pounds added .
i 've been off an on doing linear progression in 2 month spurts for the last few years .
i 'm finally taking it seriously and these are my current lifts after 4 months of lifting .
edit the title is supposed to be when did ... ''
i believe that is the correct term but i know seventh day adventist is a religion that believe more than just that .
anywho ... my basic mis understanding was that most people did not believe that the earth was created in 144 hours 6 24-hour days until the mid-1800s when the 7^th day adventist religion came about .
before that it was just believed to be a metaphor where a biblical day '' just meant a period of time anywhere from basically instantly to millennia .
even most young earth creationists along with jewish and christian scholars that i 've found from before that period say the earth is young and created by god but not that he did it in under 7 days .
so when did it come into common belief to interpret to bible 's creation story literally ?
the reason i 'm thinking about and attempted to research this was from the book perfume the story of a murderer .
this book was written in 1986 and is based in the 1700s .
they write tracts or so-called scientific masterpieces that put anything and everything in question .
the latest is that ... god did n't make the world in seven days it 's said but over millions of years .
i know this is a fiction but how correct would this be to the average person 's view in the early 1700s ?
i own atari 2600 nes gameboy snes ps1 gameboy color n64 for my retros .
i am experiencing the age-old issue of failed device backup/restore using htc app stored via google drive .
in trying to troubleshoot the issue a 1st-tier support tech requested my google account name and password to attempt to replicate the issue on the same hardware at their end .
is this as big a breach of google 's own terms of service for hardware vendors as i suspect ?
suffice to say i did n't and wo n't provide it despite them offering me written confirmation that the information would be deleted at their end at the end of the support ticket .
why do big channels game grumps jacksepticeye jontron markiplier etc use 5-7 tags ?
every seo article i 've read says to maximize your tags .
if that 's true then why are n't the large channels ?
after the report from yale university the canadian government has passed a radical environmental reform bill through parliament .
under the bill canada which is already well underway on reducing its environmental impact will become completely reliant on renewable energy sources by 2050 .
coal and oil power stations and vehicles will be pulled out of service by 2050 .
new research grants have been divvied out to develop cleaner energy .
the canadian government expects this reform to cost the government 250 billion over the next 4 years .
i 'm ftm and just started testosterone and i was just wondering if there was a difference with estrogen injections or if it 's the same .
i take .5ml every week and i can inject in my tummy since i 've got some chub to work with .
i could either inject in my thigh or butt but the tummy is easier for me .
good looking athletic build guy wants to lick you from your clit to your asshole yes i will lick your ass and everything in between .
i 'm willing to make you cum as much as you want no reciprocation expected .
i 'm mid 30's do n't care how old you are as long as you are legal .
do n't care if you are married or single .
you do n't need to have a perfect body .
i 'm hoping someone can help me figure out what to do about my coworker .
she 's intelligent has a similar sense of humor to me nice and generally a pretty good worker .
but i 'm having some issues with her that i 'm not sure how to address .
i 'm having a hard time thinking of what 's pertinent and what 's irrelevant but i might have to give a bit of background so it 's clear .
i do n't like him from what she 's told me he seems emotionally/verbally abusive .
and i 've seen some very suspicious bruises that she 's says are from her clumsiness .
things he 's said to her before you 're fat and lazy you 're holding me back from teaching in china you 're stupid worthless '' etc .
i do n't know if she 's exaggerating or not but i have witnessed first-hand situations that reinforce my suspicions .
anyway she does n't have her drivers license but has been practicing and working on getting her .
however practicing with her boyfriend lead to lots of fights lots of verbal abuse from my perspective .
so back in july after one weekend of fighting with her bf she asked if she could ride with me to work .
now at the time she asked if we could try it out for a week and see from there . ''
i 've been giving her a ride every single day since then .
she does n't pay for gas granted i have n't asked either i 'm terrible about confrontation like this rarely says thank you and has made my car a bit messy from the dirt/mud/grass/leaves from her shoes .
the most she 's done is bought me lunch here and there but it 's maybe been 5 times since the rides started happening .
my question about this is how do i tell her i no longer want to give her rides ?
i sort of feel like a shitty person since i 'm not going out of my way since it 's only in the mornings but our job is stressful and i need my space in the morning to gear up for the day .
i will be leaving the country for a while on the 25th so i 'm mostly thinking ahead to when i return in january .
secondly being in the small space of my car i 've noticed that she smells .
i do n't know if because she does n't shower regularly she 's told me before she stayed up too late watching random tv/playing on her phone and either forgot to shower or did n't have time in the morning or it 's because of clothes not being cleaned regularly .
she also has a cat and i wonder at times if the cat is n't getting into the laundry piles and making things smell that way .
it 's been brought up to my supervisor at work before but our hr person did n't actually the right issues with her .
i understand it 's a delicate situation but ffs it 's bad and needs to be addressed .
tl dr how can i tell my coworker she smells and i do n't want to give her rides any more ?
alright so i was in the middle of typing when my computer restarted so let me know if this is confusing .
firstly i hope my age does not deter anyone from taking this seriously .
my dad died at the end of middle school a period that saw a bunch of wonderful bullying nothing physical .
we 're financially sound but not rich by most standards .
i 've had a terrible relationship with my mother since the fourth grade when my father was diagnosed with testicular cancer that spread or something .
i go to a public high school but i 'm in one of those bullshit specialty centers .
because of this stupid center i must complete a 65-hour unpaid internship and a 35-hour service project on top of my college applications .
i see a therapist every now and then and have struggled with i guess minor depression and anxiety .
the past five months have been some of the most stressful i 've ever experienced .
i have been working on college applications and this service project which we call a culmination project .
it requires me to gather sponsors money supplies volunteers participants and a bunch of other bullshit .
the project and applications are all we ever talk about .
i am excited neither for college nor this project .
she constantly tells me i 'm lazy and care about nothing .
additionally my project is related to my father so my mother can take me on guilt trips for not caring if she wants .
if you have n't noticed i 'm not sure where i 'm going with this and i feel guilty about all the other posters who have serious problems .
all the responsibilities none of the money freedom or respect .
i 'm tired of being treated like shit because i 'm not older .
it 's not my fault all these fucking hormones amplify my feelings x100 .
i guess my overall point here is that i am really disappointed with what being a teenager turned out to be .
and what the fuck do i do about all this stress ?
i do n't know what the fuck i want to go to college for .
i do n't have any interest in any reasonable profession .
i just want a fucking stable income and a job i can tolerate so that i can go home at the end of the day and not have to deal with my mother or my homework .
i want to experience the good parts of life .
i 'm sure someone will tell me i could have it worse .
i just want to know what to do to fix my own life .
i do n't know if i should say anything else .
i 'm afraid i 'm just going to get called whiney .
i wish i could skip the next seven months .
fuck this project fuck the specialty center hope they do n't see this fuck fake high school friends fuck internships fuck my mother 's treatment of me .
and for those of you who are adults living on your own do something in your own home today to appreciate how awesome it is to be in charge of at least a part of your own life .
swear really loudly or piss with the door open or something .
because no one can tell you to wake up .
who can beat pc principal about half of the time .
note that he has defeated eric cartman doing the premier of season 19 and pushed south park into the pc era .
just made my intro video to my new space engineers survival only 4:30 long but love how it turned out .
would love some constructive feedback help me make better videos !
i was hoping someone more experienced in islamic studies could help me by pointing to an academic source which describes whether baaqiya has a quranic meaning ?
i am doing a study on one particular radical group and i would like to speak with greater certainty as to which things in particular they have innovated '' and which they draw from the quran .
specifically i just want to know if baaqiya has an established meaning that they have adapted .
after a long time i noticed that i was the only person to brush my teeth after lunch in the school 's public restrooms .
my roomate even told me that he would think it is a homeless person thing ...
but i 'm wondering if there are any other games or apps you guys like that are good to help with learning .
ok so i have been as i am sure all of you have been as well eagerly awaiting information concerning this anniversary sale .
well i see that it has finally been announced https www.reddit.com/r/starcitizen/comments/3sgdtf/anniversary_sale_livestream_thursday_november !
will the sale only last as long as they are streaming ?
will you be required to watch the stream in order to take advantage of the sale ?
i have all the amiibos that are n't listed above but only one of them .
i have an inkling boy and girl and am willing to trade for any of those that i do not have .
willing to do a 2 for 1 trade as i just do n't need these amiibos since i have 2 of each .
edit i am willing to do 1:1 but either way we trade we both pay for our individual shipping .
i do n't mind that its cheap to ship it 's only fair .
i also am looking for ssb kirby 004 mario 001 wii fit trainer 012 pit 17 king dedede 024 rosalina 026 meta knight 029 lucina 031 ness 035 jigglypuff 036 palutena 039 bowser jr. 044 mii brawler 049 swordfighter 050 gunner 051 and all the super mario amiibo minus the silver mario 008 .
i am looking for chibi robo and animal crossing amiibo isabelle 001 lottie 004 and digby 007 and both mario 30th anniversary amiibos
what does putting a glass or bottle of water by each corner of your bed do ?
the glass or open bottle of water being on the floor of course .
a friend of mine told me to do this but did n't tell me what it does so i 'm very curious i 'm trying it out tonight
the movie that is your guilty pleasure so to speak .
so i 'm wanting to print out some custom cards for a cube .
they are not real cards so i ca n't use any of the sites i know to make proxy sheets .
i have the images in a folder and i 'm wanting to format them so that multiple cards can be printed on one page and be the correct size .
i have a triple switch which connects fan and 2 lights .
i want to install a remote control switch picture attached and make the process remote as well as switch .
this will only divide people on campus their lies their ignorance their racism .
racism is bad regardless of the target concerned student 1950 is actively engaging in racist behavior .
at one point while editing the ini files i was able to get fo4 to run at 800x450 in full screen .
however i edited the ini files again this morning and i was n't able to get it back to 800x450 .
i 'm on a nvidia geforce gt 745m with an intel core i7 4500u 1.80ghz .
currently what the game does is it displays the game in 800x450 but it only shows the top left corner of the game .
i would say it 's about 1/4 of the actual game .
i just want to say thank you to this subreddit for the indirect support and advice to a lurker .
for years my wife close relatives and myself have suspected that i had adhd .
after years of underachieving in school/college and work with no reason why .
i can finally have the ability to follow through with the focus needed to achieve my goals .
at 32 years old i have plenty of time to right the my wrongs of living with untreated adhd .
again if any to say thank you to everyone here .
also if you suspect that you may have untreated adhd please go to a psychologist and get answers .
after returning from yronwood ser deziel dalt musters his full force .
he leaves behind 200 soldiers to guard lemonwood and prepares to lead the remaining 800 to kingsgrave .
recently i have been trying to do mega satan runs and needed the second half when i thought all my hopes were dashed at the end when i received a utero xl .
i kept playing thinking i would just get passage to the cathedral if i got an angel room and hoped that at least the statue was there .
it was there and it had dead dove with it .
have i been wrong for a full year and womb xl floors have always payed out after you defeat mom 's heart/it lives ?
edit i just realized i had goats head on as well.just feel like i better mention it in case that 's what actually caused the payout .
set up my first communications network using remotetech the first mod i 'm trying too !
which involved me trying to put something into geostationary orbit for the first time .
i got three satilites into the correct orbit then i realized i misunderstood some of the remote tech stuff so i had to bring them back to the ground and relaunch new ones which is why the current ones start as comm-sat iv '' in the screenshot .
i have a small probe that made it to the mun using this small network .
the one in stationary orbit above ksc uses all 4 dishes while the other 3 satellites have an extra 4th that might be useful at some later point if i do n't just upgrade everything by then at least .
i 've been looking for black t-shirts or shirts for winter can anyone give me some advice ?
also i live in a country where worldwide shipping is necessary sorry for this tiny detail
working on my script and everything is working fine for tv series .
i am now working on syncing my movies directory .
i want to be able to basically find and download the .mkv/.avi files etc in sub directories and then mirror copy them into a single movies directory on my local server .
the above command will also mirror all of the subfolders in which i would like to avoid ...
i 've noticed them all over the rift and nobody seems to know what the hell they are .
anyone know of any sites that do the nfl drafting style of footy .
been super fed up of fantasy this year and a few of my american buds got me into fantasy nfl football .
not only learning the ins and outs of the sport but the fantasy style game is imo a lot more tactical and enjoyable .
very personal your players are yours and every week it 's you versus a mate one on one .
this year in particular with our footy it 's just been who can get lucky with their random picks .
i usually do quite well and not having a bad year so i 'm not moaning just having honestly preferred this other style and would love to do it with footy when next season starts .
so i 'm wandering around and find relay tower 1dl-109 and it talks about a woman and her son being chased and trapped inside of a train car .
you can look around and find the train car it has a fusion core and some caps inside but nothing else .
it seems strange that they would add this in a full relay tower location a unique interior an entire radio channel just for this .
is there a quest attached or am i looking into this too much ?
so i 'm an 18 y/o student m and i 'm nearing the tail end of my high school life .
i 've never really been interested in dating or romance throughout my life so far and as such i 've never had any romantic experience at all .
now my best friend f has really grown on me over the last year .
we 've spent a ton of time together and we have great chemistry .
everything was very friendly between us until the beginning of this year .
at the tail end of the summer i had an overnighter thing where her and another friend of ours m came to my place for the night .
my friend and i opted to sleep on the ground and offered her the couch but she decided to sleep next to me instead .
during the night she slowly reached for my hand and we essentially fell asleep holding hands .
the whole night there was some sort of tension in the air when i looked over into her eyes .
subtle hand holding ensued at a few more overnighters and events .
until very recently i just thought it was probably only for friendly support or whatever but the last time we slept together she pulled my arm over her and cuddled with me a lot .
recently she puts her legs on my lap or leans her head against my shoulder and whenever we talk she somehow brings up dating her parents approval of me my preference of women and asking if i 'd ever go in and kiss a friend out of nowhere .
she also talks a lot about how she feels like she 's 'late to the party ' with romance she 's as inexperienced as i am
it 's also worth mentioning that we are constantly teased about dating i 've apparently been branded her 'fake boyfriend ' behind my back .
i really do n't know what to do i 'm not the most socially adept person and i do n't want to make our friendship awkward .
we 're going on a grad trip to a resort in the caribbean should i wait until then ?
thanks for the advice sorry for the long read .
if this is the wrong sub i 'll gladly post it somewhere else .
i 'm having a problem seeing live channel on twitch .
it just says no live channel '' but if i manually use the streamer 's url .
not sure how this happened but these are what i tried .
somehow i can see live games if i am using my university 's internet connection but not my personal connection .
today is a month from when i reported but i still receive no news yet that 's why i try finding solution here .
i hope someone who encountered similar condition can help me on this .
between skitch and bitter i was thinking the latter .
i 'm an artist by commission and almost all of my customers that pay in real money pay via paypal .
i 've established a process which consists of receiving half of the full payment up front then delivering my art when it 's completed and then receiving the second half of the payment .
this is a pretty simple and easy to grasp process and i do n't know why the tf2 community does n't adopt this pattern as it 'd pretty clearly save a lot of people from getting scammed and leaving the scam-ees without even a mediocre sum .
i thought it was an issue with the settings first but then i did the factory reset and the watch is still not vibrating .
i then programmed an alarm and put my ear on the watch screen and it seems like there is a clicking noise when it 's supposed to vibrate like something is stuck inside the watch .
did someone experienced something similar and more importantly know how to fix this ?
i contacted the support through the app they have answered today it looks like they will be sending me a replacement watch pretty soon .
so both of these lowers are made by the same manufacturer and have an upper tension screw .
the aero lower is very low profile in terms of the logo while the ballistic advantage lower uses a more busy '' logo but it reminds me of the spade '' you 'd often see on us wwii helmets .
i know this weird to explain but this going on off for months .
at my work place i feel okayish staring then something always happens half way through i feel drained or something draining me my head telling me to get away .
i feel like my head going flat out but my body feels drained at work .
did n't expect the thermal zip-up to drop this week so i 'm seeing if anyone would be willing to trade me the 2 items bellow in exchange for a thermal zip .
that 's like 300 of shit retail i 'm willing to trade .
specifically i 'm looking for what the phrase ... all but vanished ... '' means .
i 'm considering using it in my story to mean that she stopped smiling .
my fps generally goes between 30 fps on a decently filled world .
anyone with some decent experience with hardware and the fps they got ?
i 'm looking to get an upgrade and i aim to revolve my entire setup around the performance i would get in space engineers .
1 does kof98umfe have the option to play og 98 characters ?
i play mostly on fightcade and they do n't have um or umfe there .
we are severely lacking in xbox rats and would love to recruit anyone willing to volunteer some time to help fellow commanders in need of fuel !
fell free to ask any questions here about the fuelrats .
you may go to here http fuelrats.com/how-to-rat if you wish to join !
between the 100 percent to cluster arrow on manticore and the 100 to sentry damage on rucksack and easily clearing 67 on ptr i 'd say marauder is in good shape to compete .
i ca n't seem to find anything online can i get some help or has this even been established as research ?
an empty tavern with only heroes that plan out a mission .
who says the end times can not do without some music to soothe our heroes ' souls before they go for the next quest ?
it would be so great if some songs were composed for the red inn that can be requested to play so that our lonely heroes can listen while waiting for other heroes to join our quests !
så i helgen blir det att lägga in en kärringstöt .
trying to download the patch and its saying it 's downloading at 34kbps .
does anyone know when there will be a patch for the pc version ?
i do n't understand how someone can lead someone on take advantage of them and then treat them like they do n't exist and be okay with themselves .
how could you do that to someone you considered a friend .
someone you care about a lot '' and in a romantic way '' .
i 'm so sorry i ever cared about you or tried to help you be there for you because you 've hurt me so much and you were n't worth the tears .
everything that happened to you this year you had it coming .
you did the same shit to me and you got it back 10 times worse .
i do n't like to see people suffer but honestly ?
lo so che questo post non c'entra niente con l'italia ma sto uscendo pazzo e sto chiedendo ovunque se i mod cancellano capirò .
and also tell us why they are your favourite !
family is going without food tonight if we do n't have help .
we are a family of three with one very low income and needing to eat and get meds and not paid until monday .
i can pay back 60 from a 50 loan on monday 11/16 .
an overall rating based on criteria like social skills health intelligence ...
okay so after you launch the game you can see a garage .
there 's a fully customised power armor tools all the comics some of the best weapons and a broken mr handy robot which could be codsworth and there 's a pip-boy on the table .
just wondering if anyone else has experienced this and knows why .
my first thought was that i had been at it too hard lately and needed to give myself a rest but if so why am i still able to get the concentration/focus effects which also rely on dopamine ?
crunchyroll http www.crunchyroll.com/naruto-shippuden/episode-437-687627 always the first to be available !
torrent links from horriblesubs http horriblesubs.info download at your own risk
click here http www.narutoforums.com/showthread.php ? t=501381 for a complete overview of all episodes chapters .
i was wondering if there 's been much information gathered so far by people as to how the different perks work in practice how they interact with each other as well as how that influences overall builds .
for example i 'd be keen to know how banking criticals is how gun fu works out what shooting fusion cores as grenades is like blitz with melee looks intriguing too ...
i 've played factions for around 15 hours now and do n't seem to be improving much .
i do n't know if i just suck at this game .
k/d is around 0.8 and i have decent matches every now and then but other games i can barely get 2 executions .
i do n't think i 'm bad at games in general or anything i played gears of war 3 for years and had around 2.3 k/d and a good win loss .
i must look like such a noob to my teammates sometimes .
any tips for newish players apart from absolute basics ?
i checked superman 3-6 and did n't see anything about him .
solved noticed it only happened when it was raining disabling 'wetness ' in video options stopped it .
every so often when loading into a new area i 'll get this bug http images.akamai.steamusercontent.com/ugc/391046504770219570/4746f1263033645d03bfee0fba1885002ca6cc03 that over saturates everything .
the only way i 've found around it is loading a previous save .
i have an invite for fi but i 'm perfectly happy with my family plan on tmo .
however i want the 64 gb frost 6p and it seems it is only available through project fi for right now .
for those who bought their phone through fi were you charged for fi service once you put your order in or were you charged after you put in the sim card and activated everything ?
fps is limited on pc to 60 as fps is tied to the engine and ca n't be increased without altering ini files and messes with physics .
console has so many dips i do n't even think solid 30 fps is true either .
i love the game but this is a clear lie and the media should hold them to it .
been snorting some lines and blasting music roommates are asleep i 'm using headphones and i 'm looking to chat what 're y'all on and what 're y'all doing ? ?
according to the kinsey institute average is 112 times a year for people 18-29 .
that seems high or am i just on the low end .
its almost the end of the year gaybros how much sex have you had over the last 12 months .
when could we expect to see cfw for 4.76 without downgrading/flashing your ps3 ?
i 'd like to jailbreak my slim but i 'm not into the idea of tearing it apart
2 hours later after attempting to write home above my old pre-war home i gave and just went with something else .
i 'm not the best at lego building anyone else manage to make some amazing things ?
nofap is great no no no nofap is awesome !
we all know that nofap can change your life .
but nofap alone is not enough ... we have to use it as fuel the will power you get use it to approach women use to start your business .
nofap will change our lives but do you want to change your lives even more ?
you should see nofap as a guide to succes .
i will lead you but if you do n't follow the road then the guide will not help you .
do n't expect nofap to make you the confident guy you always wanned to be .
yes it will raise your confidence but not much .
if you are sitting home all day waiting for the magic to happen trust me man that wo n't work .
there is no magic pill to life that will give you everything .
but if you put work into it for example you approach 20 women then you will get confidence .
use the will power that you get from nofap to change your life and you will get there my friend .
but i could n't do it without nofap nofap gave me the will power to approach women to overcome my fears .
it was the key to my road of succes .
but nothing would have happend if i did n't take action .
if i sat on my lazy ass all day i would n't have experienced this amazing life .
i used nofap as fuel i did n't expect nofap to change my life there is no magic pill that will fix your life .
you can have things that can give you fuel but you have to put in the work .
if you do n't take the action then you wo n't see the results that you want .
if you want techniques to stop masturbating read the article that i have written http www.oxdevelopment.com/2015/11/07/how-to-stop-masturbating-overcome-porn-addiction-nofap
my name is thomas and i'am a self developing fapstronaut .
what do you want it to be and what do you think it will be ?
i really want to see vonleh get the start but i know he wo n't but i think they will probably just move chief to the 4 and start henderson or harkless at the 3 .
has anyone ever successfully exploited the pro-combat religious beliefs aside from faith warriors of course which seems to be the easiest to make use of for a domination vc ?
i 've specifically been looking for what the ap means on some armors but would appreciate a full breakdown on what the shield lightning and radiation symbol mean .
also is it generally better to go for the different armor pieces or are there outfits that are worth using ?
i have a r9 380 and a intel pentium anniversary edition clocked at 4.2 ghz .
half the time i get 50-60 fps on high setting bo3 then suddenly bam 1 fps for minutes at a time .
the hooded man theon meets in winterfell is in fact the ghostly essence of his severed penis come back to haunt him .
reek must wrestle with his past and consider how his identity was inextricable from his sexuality .
think about it the 'man ' alludes to theon 's lost masculinity and the 'hood ' to the foreskin removed in our world in circumcision though here the removal is more extreme .
here the phallic connotations of 'dagger ' are so obvious that pointing it out seems heavyhanded
farther on he came upon a man striding in the opposite direction a hooded cloak flapping behind him .
when they found themselves face-to-face their eyes met briefly .
theon assumes the hooded man is the nighttime assailant sabotaging winterfell
'' the gods are not done with me '' theon answered wondering if this could be the killer the night walker who had stuffed yellow dick 's cock into his mouth and pushed roger ryswell 's groom off the battlements .
in a classic case of the abused coming to imitate the abuser these all deal with loss of the penis and control of sexuality .
while yellow dick 's death goes without explanation the horse is a symbol of male virility gone out of control and the death of the groom means the horse is now without a modifying influence human and beast have become divided .
as the horse is ryswell 's sigil it is tied to the lord 's very identity as much as theon identified as ironborn .
even the fact he needs a groom to manage this is a sign of emasculation and it seems quite probable to me that the groom was cuckolding lord ryswell with his wife .
the hooded man is theon 's subconscious reassertion of his masculinity but only in the form of sexual violence the fact theon himself does not realise he is doing this is because of the psychological pain of agency which ramsay has conditioned into him .
theon 's dick is therefore the ghost of winterfell a phantom limb .
ign include all old igns sedrawh old igns sedraho_o itssedrah xswiftyog hybridnacs .
age i am 14 i turned 14 on the 28th of august 2015 .
time zone my timezone is aedt australian eastern daylight time utc/gmt 11 hours .
fluent languages spoken i can only speak english fluent i have slight knowledge speaking german and a bit of chinese !
teamspeak i have teamspeak but before i keep going i 'd like to say i can not talk in ts/skype as the input '' does not work in my computer i do not no why but i asked staff members and they said it 's alright .
why i should be chosen as a staff member i should be chosen for staff because i am a worthy staff member and your server could really do my help i have a lot of knowledge on moderating helping administrating and owning my own server 's as i will mention below .
i 'm a kind person who likes to help people no matter what i seem to find it fun !
it 's one of the reasons i get staff on large servers .
and i am from australia and i do n't think theres much australian staff which is very good because there is a lot of australian people on at the time and it defo helps with timezones as there is hackers and trouble makers i could easily solve this as i am more than happy to do anything requested from your other staff members .
i 've had a lot of expierience have been getting staff rank 's on large server 's since 1.5.2 !
i have been staff on legit 20 servers 2 including hcf servers i was co-owner on a server about 10months ago that had 50 players 24/7 .
was n't too big but it was an amazing server weekends it would get 100 players .
lot 's more stories but do not want to go into them ... well i 'll say some more i used to own a server that was succesful not saying any names it 's practically where i learnt to administrate and how to code and configurate plugins .
right now i am a admin on a server called not saying the name pm me staff if you 'd like to see zvrocker a helper on here who got it just yesterday recently got helper on it about a month ago i have now been staff there for 11months and have n't managed to get demoted or warned for abuse the server is very good and has a lot of players including servers prison regular factions op factions kitpvp now removed but hcf .
i have a lot of expirience trust me on that one .
i joined ipvp on map 1 sotw with some of my buddies who i was still in factions with till map 3 suspected zvrocker and more !
yes as i said in expirience i 'm a staff member on an amazing server with a decent amount of players with 90 players on weekends with very good donations .
i want to become staff because i know i am elidgable sorry for the spelling !
xd to be staff on ipvp because of my past expirience i know it 's a tough job and i know that it can be really stressful but i want to help take that stress off other staff member 's i want to help atleast 70 people a day in live support '' and earn my way up to moderator on the ipvp network you would not regret me i 'm a helpful guy .
about me basically i 'm a 14 year old guy who like 's sport and likes to burn spare time on minecraft really love ipvp and would love to get a new rank on there and be able to make a series on being staff for my youtube channel i 'm a warm blooded guy but also love to be humorous but i know when enoughs enough i always put my players first before anything in the game i really love to do pvp and youtube videos aswell as building in real life aswell as minecraft !
i 'm not a toxic guy who can not take a joke i do not swear too much as it 's not really being a good role .
i have been playing minecraft since 2012 and have loved it ever since !
returning to pc gaming after a while and i have this old 600w psu
do you think this can support an r9 390 i5 4690k ?
i have been out of the pc gaming scene for 4 years so these psu rails etc are confusing me .
i was thinking about getting a radiant barrier put into my attic to block out some of the heat .
i got a quote for 0.70/sqft from a company but i 'm also thinking i may be able to do this myself ...
note one story house 1550sqft but only about 1000sqft has an attic above it .
the kingdom of hungary is happy to announce the formation of mitteleuropa with the founding electors being the kingdom of hungary and the empires of germany and austria .
m calm down everyone i wanted to get this approved before inviting anyone to join it .
so as the new adventure is coming up soon of course everyone who calls the lovely eu server a home eu server in usual operation https upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/a5/si_netphen-walpersdorf_kohlenmeiler_08.jpg asks themself how much more smoothness this little diamond can pour out !
ps no worries muricans you do n't have to buy packs .
after a little over two years i quit today due to having a gun in my face and being robbed twice in two weeks .
it has been a long night but to all you other gs employees good luck with the holidays and be safe in that mess .
i 've been browsing the breakers yards of a few online airsoft stores recently looking for guns that can be sprayed and used as cheap props and i came across a broken masada for £139 around 210 whilst it retails for around £280 about 425 .
i emailed the company asking what is wrong but have n't heard anything yet .
i 've done a decent amount of tech work and i 'm hoping the gun has either something basic wrong with it or it 's a gearbox problem .
what i 'm worried about is if it 's something silly like the mag well is too small or the gun has a massive crack through it .
i 'd probably end up swapping the barrel and doing up the gearbox even if i bought it new .
oh and the site also does n't accept returns on these .
do you think i should risk it without knowing generally what 's wrong ?
but there seems to be some hardcore seizure inducing ads below .
i do n't really mind but some people could get an attack .
i 'm talking about the white-blue flashing fb ad .
the tooltip says that it increase the headshot damage but the stats also show an increment in damage so is it only for headshots or high caliber actually increase the overall damage of a gun ?
i know its not required but really want to make awesome settlements .
as title says im newb in ms. im looking for any tips what my maple path should look like .
im 67 da with all basic gear from drop and 98att weapon my range is like up to 10k so it sucks .
ive got 35m atm and im wondering if i should keep it to buy some end '' game gear later sounds silly with that amount of meso or buy some gear right now ?
id also ask where or how to get some more funds for gear which monsters drop worthy items or which boss on my lvl ofc etc .
i downloaded codex fallout 4 and it starts in window mode and alt+enter wont work .
i found it in a job advert that reads designing e-mail shots social squares and web pages '' .
i 'm guessing that it 's like a promo graphic that gets posted to a companies facebook or pinterest page with the hope that folk will share it ?
so my school currently has three flags out the front queensland each being from left to right aboriginal australia torres straight islander .
but there is a flagpole being left empty inside the school even on remembrance day .
upon taking this up with the principle and other authorities in the school i received the answer that protocols for flags stopped them from doing so .
i looked through the protocols but i found nothing on number of flags or restrictions on flag placements/times at schools that inflict upon this .
edit i have showed the man in charge that there is nothing stopping us from using a flag there .
now hes pushed the issue to other staff members .
i will email them and try and get things rolling .
if you are interested in this position please shoot me an email at lyfesound gmail.com and i will give you everything you need to get started !
to me it seems more common to find laws or trade agreements being passed where i can not find a single person in agreement of them .
groovejar helps entrepreneurs increase revenue email sign ups and sales online .
you 'll have access to a wide range of website optimization widgets and pop ups that will help turn visitors into customers .
starting to talk to a women who is older been divorced and has a teen kid .
she 's attractive and has a great personality but im nervous about moving forward .
in the past few months we have recieved almost no donations i have been paying out of pocket about 90 of the site/server costs and can no longer afford it .
also i believe that there are plenty of sites that have the same content and better hardware that are also free such as 6box thus i do n't see a point in keeping the site going i also do n't have that much time to run it so unless there are a large number of people who want to keep it going and can help out by donating a few dollars its about 45 a month for server costs i will discontinue the service at the end of the current billing cycle .
i have tried to stay away from greed and forcing people to pay in order to use my site but even free has a cost and as i said there are plenty of free sites now like ours .
just wanted to say thanks to all the folks who donated and helped out in different ways it was a fun 3 years good luck everyone !
feel free to pm me with any questions or concerns you might have .
please note i can not refund any donations that came in more then a month ago since the little we received went to server costs .
in several tutorials ive seen this part of the fl playlist
however when i try to pull it up from below there is just nothing .
the ldc reckons our observation pillboxes https www.reddit.com/r/worldpowers/comments/3n7whz/secret_observation_pillboxes are not enough to timely detect enemy incursion and can not hinder their advance .
to render all libyan borders with the uac safe and sensitive a border fence will be built .
the fence will be 4 meter high with two rows of barbed wire at the top and the base .
in front of the fence will be two ditches 5 meters wide and 4.5 meters deep specially designed to stop tanks with steel spikes at the bottom .
the fence features a continuous observation system with cameras signalling wires in the mesh and further equipment .
the aim is to create an obstacle that can not be overcome without force and subsequent detection .
the border to the uac will not be closed only unauthorized border crossings should be prevented .
regular border crossing points will still remain and at this time no travel restrictions to civilians will be issued .
first time poster so i hope i 'll do this right .
i have a sales-pipeline file where i would like to track for changes in a certain value over time .
so there are columns with company names percentage by category 5 10 30 50 75 90 and 100 and date added .
how can i create a sheet which will pull data from this pipeline and represent the following company x has a completion status of 30 for y amount of time '' ?
the time value can be either precise time amounts days ?
or an estimation 25 'of the time since it has been added to the list
please let me know if there is anything else that is substantial for resolving this question .
payment via paypal invoice but will also accept paypal family and friends option .
if you are interested or have any questions please let me know .
my boss asked me to configure a crm for our company .
right now we are 5 people and we expect to be over 10 in the next year .
i have installed suitecrm an open source crm into a raspberry pi model b first generation and it works but sometimes loading time can reach over 10 seconds .
i guess that with a pi2 loading times will drecrease but i would like toknow if someone is using a pi2 for this and how does it works .
any guess on when the world tournament will be released ?
i recently rerolled for ssgss vegeta and im pretty weak right now xd
i had a thought that i want to run by you guys .
what if part of the reason behind this policy is that church records for children always include the names of the parents and tscc does n't want gay couples listed on its rolls in any capacity ?
the church thinks of its rolls as sacred you know what is bound on earth may be bound in heaven etc .
etc. and they 're always talking about records in heaven so they think if they let 'the gays ' be listed as parents on those records it will somehow acknowledge the people who do the actual work of raising a child as the parents instead of the guy who rubbed one out into a cup or the girl who got paid to be a surrogate .
following the ratification of the rdc bill http www.reddit.com/r/galacticsenate/comments/3s71vo/rim_defense_coalition_act the senate must now nominate a director to be voted upon as well as enable members of the senate join the coalition '' frea bairn announced to the senate with her speaker 's staff in hand .
i 've already noticed from watching a player streaming that he 's having trouble finding a full game .
now this could be due to lack of players or this so called match making system not actually match making properly .
any other ea access users have trouble finding games ?
i am so sick of my teal/turquoise/alpine green hair and ready to move on to a natural color .
i had three rounds of a pravana color remover on monday followed up with a bleach cap .
the purple/pink may be remnants from punky colours violet or a pink dye from july that has somehow risen from the dead .
the dark brown was an attempt by my hairdresser to cover up the green all i got was a gross greenish brown .
after 2 days 2 shampoos with neutrogena clarifying shampoo one vitamin c/neutrogena treatment and 2 deep conditioning treatments it 's a minty/pastel teal !
i first dyed my hair pc turquoise in august and have layered on blue/green/purple as well as done a lot of conditioning with overtones conditioner .
i do n't know what to do at this point .
my hair has been bleached twice since july or else i 'd just go for it .
i really really do n't want to just dye my hair black either .
but it seems like the treatments especially the vitamin c treatment just drove the teal further into the follicle .
which champion is very underrated at the moment and could be considered op ?
and i 'm looking to get off hard and fast .
so what better way then to let you guys and girls help me out
but do n't let that stop you from showing what you like..
i 'm a bit needy right now.. so bring it !
is anyone here using php 7 for their daily work ?
do you see any reason not to do it ?
i tried switching completely my local dev setup a few months back and quickly rolled back .
i realized many extensions were still missing especially xdebug but also opcache .
now that xdebug seems to be compatible with php 7 latest beta iirc i 'm considering switching again .
almost every suggestion post i read or make always has that 1 guy .
the knows all can do all god of dinos and building .
if someone has an issue they think needs fixed that 's not a problem i can do it fine '' is not a helpful comment .
if you have a way of doing things you think is better by all means suggest it .
but do stop to think 1 just because i deal with this situation is it really how it should be ?
2 how much of an advantage might i have over other players ?
if you are interested in this position please shoot me and email at lyfesound gmail.com and i will give you everything you need to get started !
what kind of realistic outcome best helps the dolphins fight for a wildcard spot later on ?
so if i 've stayed up for a long time 30-40 hours with the help of stimulants and my last dose was over 8 hours ago and it 's pretty much worn off and i get tired and go to bed ...
often i 'll wake up once or twice within 6-8 hours .
i 'll feel pretty awake sometimes i fall back asleep easily other times if i feel too awake i just go on my computer and maybe get a snack and usually get tired enough to fall back asleep within 1-2 hours .
however after 8 hours since i first go to bed my sleep sorta changes .
it becomes a lot harder to wrench myself out of bed when i wake up .
it 's like i feel heavier and that my bed is a hole that i am being sucked into .
at this point i will usually sleep for as long as i can not out of choice but because it feels impossibly hard not to .
i 'll end up sleeping for 16-17 hours total if i missed my previous night of sleep .
even after i 've slept for as long as i can getting out of bed and starting my day is torture .
i have no appetite and no urge to do anything at all .
which sucks because i have the desire to do things but do n't feel like doing anything .
i would just really love to know what is happening in my brain with all this .
why can i wake up feeling refreshed after only a few hours of sleep but then after enough time has passed i wake up feeling the opposite of refreshed ?
i 'm trying to figure out a way to cap my frame rate in fallout 4 to hopefully make it more playable ...
i have an r9 m370x so i do n't seem to have the full '' ccc and frame rate target control is n't there ...
i know ipresetinterval can remove the frame rate cap in fo4 but is there something in the ini i can change to manually set max frame rate ?
the arguments on the extreme ends of the spectrum seem to be these
do n't eat any animals because they 're all capable of suffering .
eat whatever you want because humans are omnivores and the lines we draw between edible and not are completely socially constructed .
both of these assert that all animals are essentially the same from some kind of moral standpoint that calling some pets '' and others food '' makes no real difference .
yet most of us would eat beef but not dog meat and many consume pork even though some people keep pigs as pets .
on the ethical '' side of things i 'm sure we 're all familiar with the stereotypical vegan who 's portrayed as protesting angrily about the conditions that livestock face which to be fair are often horrible .
however there 's also the argument that a vegan diet is supported by humans in terrible conditions like migrant laborers and claiming ethical superiority because no animals are harmed is hypocritical .
on top of that it 's been suggested that american demand for superfoods '' like quinoa and acai berries has priced out people in the countries where these crops are produced causing yet more human suffering .
and as the cherry on top there 's economics the vast majority of us ca n't afford a vegetarian or vegan diet simply because of cost per calorie .
as a graduate student i have many colleagues who can only afford to eat at burger king and the like most of the time partly from a straight cash standpoint and partly because they have no time to cook for themselves .
these concerns factor hugely into whether somebody can go vegan or not .
so given all of that where do you stand and why ?
would you eat cat meat if given the opportunity ?
do you only consume organic locally grown food from farms that pay their workers living wage ?
does anyone have the link to the playlist that rekkles plays while he is streaming ?
in his 2 hr latest stream 12/11 there 's this song with the lyrics go home and feel the morning sun ? ''
around about 1hr 34 mins does anyone know the name to this song ?
the culls problem is that you will need to sell it .
in the end you have given up earlygame stats for around 250 gold .
they should make cull sell for 100 of the gold you paid if it was fully stacked '' or whatever
hasselbeck has n't been horrible in his couple starts this season which will keep defenses honest .
couple that with gore 's likely increase in touches and a softening schedule i think gore will stay the same or improve .
you do n't think someone whose job it is to regulate drugs and who gets paid with our taxpayer dollars should respect what science says about drugs ?
think of it like this you would n't want our united nations ambassador to say that international relations is a joke would you ?
if you work for the government and your job concerns drug policy you should probably know something about drug policy .
numerous scientific studies prove that cannabis has medical benefits .
it 's unacceptable that our tax dollars are paying this man to lie .
not to be that person but at least until the card game was introduced joey was pretty awesome in the manga .
he had principles was good in a fistfight and was pretty much the best friend in the series .
his home was also a lot more obviously broken .
and the scientific polls taken after the debate had hillary winning .
frankly if you were n't so far in the tank for bernie you 'd see that she was much better in that debate than he was .
i mean he practically fell asleep at one point during it .
i was planning on getting that game but i 'll be fucked if i 'm gon na pay extra to waaagh .
okay i got what you 're saying thought you wanted me to make it pop out as much and i was thrown off a bit .
i get used to them when i replay though .
it 's shocking at first but after about twenty minutes you get used to it generally .
i hope the people i send to like it as it 's my absolute favorite and i would love for it to catch on more here in ecr .
if you ever want to do a trade let me know !
i just like to use the lil racing joke people like to post this is why you never lift '' etc .
i have an unusual amount of 38 so i 'll give you that but everything else has been scarce .
that said the pipe rifle is n't too bad .
they made a lot of the enemies harder and added new dynamics .
you used to just be able to run away and be mostly unscathed but now some mobs pose a serious threat .
a pack of ghouls actually gets my hair on end .
everyone has given great advice about dealing with the marriage aspect .
just wanted to say more broadly please do n't go back .
maybe if he earnestly changes his life around but be careful because men like this are manipulative and are not good .
my sister kept going back to her boyfriend swore that things were going better and that he promised to change .
maybe they were doing better but one day he just decided to beat her bloody sending her to the hospital with broken bones .
if no one had heard the violence there 's no saying how far he would 've beat her .
do n't go back there is no reason for them to change if you keep going back .
they say all the nice things just to convince you to come back .
he must prove that he has changed through his actions .
i set it down to take a sip and it turned into how to make the vanishing point live up to its name ''
i wont be far behind you soon xd i have 6 right now haha
of all the stated health reasons to eat animals this is one of the worst .
on the other hand a superabundance of cholesterol can kill you https youtu.be/-pbt2zb-i44 .
accurate means he would do the same maneuver each time . ''
actually if you made this statement again you would be precise but you would not be accurate .
do n't start spewing fallacy nonsense when your first post was both a non sequitur immaturity/racism is not relevant to whether a community should maintain control of themselves and ironically a blatant false equivalence mods are not teachers posters are not students .
a lot of privileged people want to say oh no child labor '' but they will just break rocks all day for half the wages .
the problem may derive from an entitled belief that capitalism equals exploitation but these people are choosing to work in the factories because its better than whatever the alternative is .
the us and every industrialized country had to go through it too except now because of advancements in technology its happening quicker .
capitalism has delivered over 1 billion people out of poverty .
not quite true party members will always perfect the prompt if there is insurance left on the doll .
if the doll has no insurance they essentially just get a good .
zdecydowanie za mało ale biorąc pod uwagę że lewica nie weszła to i tak mogło być gorzej .
i carry it vertically in a backpack and i 'm worried that the paste might have started pouring down through the other components while it 's not on a flat surface .
that does n't happen unless someone gobbed a ton of paste in thinking it would help .
and even still there is n't that much liquid in thermal compound for it to ooze .
they suck at designing a decent cooling system into their laptops .
back when the dv series of laptops were popular they got so hot that the solder would melt causing chipset and video failures in the laptops .
you could send them out and get them fixed but it would just happen again .
we originally posted it to facebook but after 700000 views a teacher threatened serious punishment unless we took it down .
i can get a verification selfie with both boys if needed .
you can craft the summoning item on a vita it is called abeemination and just bring a bee-type item to the guide and he will tell you honey block works i think
totally agree with your sentiments here especially the latter statement .
the only time i did n't mind the former is when i actually liked all the peers as in considering them genuine friends i 'm sitting with and it 's the right kind of environment too something that requires a ton of teamwork .
of course this is an extreme rarity and not something i 've encountered often or maybe even ever again .
ok the funniest part of your stupid statement is that i actually bought my diamond while living in my hometown of davenport iowa .
and yes if you do not research the value of something and walk into the mall and buy it well that in itself does n't make you stupid .
if you then try to blame the diamond or diamond market itself instead of the stupid mall store the markup you 're lamenting is n't debeers or the diamond cartels '' it 's the mall markup .
the debeers supply control works in your favor if you own a diamond
you 're not stupid for paying what you wanted to pay for a diamond but your whole argument for why diamonds are bad goes like this
i walked into a car lot and the dealer overcharged me .
he told me this car was a great investment .
i paid it because i wanted the car to give to my wife and could not be arsed to research the actual value of the car .
she did n't want it after i gave it to her and the return period had expired so i had to sell the unused car .
i tried to sell the car back to the same dealer and he offered me only 40 what i paid for it !
the entire automotive market is a scam run by the toyota/gm/audi cartel . ''
wenn valve denen was schickt werden sie es sicher testen .
dazu müsste valve selber aktiv werden oder die bohnen fragen nach .
außer jemand von den bohnen hat die sachen selber privat gekauft aber nur für die review die sachen einzukaufen wäre denke ich mal einfach unwirtschaftlich .
when you look like a badly made bed like me . ''
yeah sorry about that i had an exhausting week i 'm gon na try to get part 3 done on sunday .
i 'm glad you 're enjoying them so far thanks for stopping by !
i 've been saying for a while that sunvite should be an octafinals bid but i can see how it is only a large regional tournament .
are you an argentinian that supports a us club or a us citizen that supports argentina ?
i cleared it last night and do n't remember finding any .
mmmm as an owner of a tam truck you do n't have enough miles on it yet
i need a specialized program for an ectomorph with a really high metabolism to help build lean muscle .
i just looked her up and i ca n't believe that she made a movie about hump !
eg fanshits have fun rooting for a team that ca n't even play wisp
if you take out the fusion core when you leave the armor npcs wo n't use it .
i still use facebook for the practical reason that everyone i need to talk to is on it .
i think it 's understandable to feel stressed if you 're using facebook as it 's meant to be used as a social networking site while being the kind of person who doesnt know how or doesnt have the emotional mechanism to function in that environment .
personally i think everyone 's better off to just compartmentalize and be concise .
sorry ca n't give you a link to his stats at the moment but he throws gas is young and probably will settle into being a 2 pitcher
does anyone know where i can find a list of nhl players with similar aav ?
i might feel a bit better after comparison ... .or worse ...
they 're pretty easy to make but the colors are difficult to find .
first thing i 'd do would be try removing mods that have a shift functionality in your inventory like inventory tweaks .
and see if you can find who is causing it
did n't read it but were n't people saying that it was false ?
i intertwine our fingers together and start to walk back into campus .
i never really got into the rogue class and had a hard separating the three specs .
not a fan of price tags on new flagships can never justify it personally .
so i may have to just pick up one of this years devices and jump to an 820 hopefully say around the middle of next year .
i did homemade boozy presents one year and they went over really well .
everyone got a little jelly jar with mulled wine sachets spices in cheesecloth with kitchen twine bows super cheap if you have access to good bulk spices an 8oz mason jar of mustard made with black butte porter and a 250ml flask of cinnamon-apple-vanilla infused bourbon .
the glass flasks were like 3 each but super cute .
i think it came out to under 15 a person total for all three things and everyone loved everything .
the bourbon was really dangerous though because it tasted like magic and christmas and you could drink it over ice without realizing how strong it was .
if someone wants to spend five days eating nothing but pb j then treat themselves to a steak and lobster dinner go for it .
then belief is that these people are scamming the system .
they have enough to afford regular meals then use the ebt card as an extra .
i ca n't stand to read the facebook comments on motogp articles and youtube videos posted by the motogp channel .
if what you say is true that you are n't running stories that are click-baity and that this fact about leia has been common knowledge for 40 years then what is the point of the article ?
seems to me to be a reason to run another article about star wars which is insanely popular right now .
but i do n't think it was as common knowledge as you think .
i 've seen star wars plenty of times and this fact never dawned on me .
we call someone president '' even after their out of office .
the point is many people like me are trying very hard to avoid any more information about this film especially in the coming weeks when there will be people out there posting anything they can find to capitalize on the force awakens ' popularity .
i would suggest in the future if you do n't want to continue to lose readers like myself that you keep the details of your article in the actual article .
i think of this as the game 's way of trying to keep you guessing about catherine 's true nature .
for awhile there i thought she might be the bad guy .
this is the kind of game where an a.i .
is shoving human scans into robots and trying to take over all organic and inorganic life so she could easily be a scan that has been corrupted .
interestingly this tactic was used as far as the tau station .
there i do n't remember exactly where you can find a computer with photos of the ark team and for some reason catherine 's photo is just her face same one you find in the omni-tool fuzzed out .
of course it might also be because she is anti-social .
all the data buffer 's imply she was an introverted person .
her unwillingness to cooperate or communicate with others during the construction and launch of the ark which caused a whole host of problems .
she also holds a pretty sincere callousness towards simon 's philosophical and existential problems always dismissing them as not important or silly .
she seems unable to comfort simon or help him understand the situation especially when it comes to the scans other than through a narrow logical lens .
one could argue that she might be autistic or have some other kind of social disorder .
there is also work '' which you can make capital to later become a capitalist .
no it 's not a perfect system but it works .
if you 're on any kind of public assistance you ca n't buy anything that is not a necessity to keep you alive ?
op this thread should be a textbook example of how to be chill and respectful on reddit .
except it 's compulsory we start at 16 years old and college is free .
fro the legit way dont take a devil deal and dont take red hearth damage and you will get 9/10 runs
the real reward was everyone thanking me for the next 10 minutes .
then daughters came and nobody remembered what i did ...
i have yet to try them out but there 's a traveling grooming parlor and beard emporium '' called the bearded lady http www.travelinggroomingparlor.com that parks in the austin street food truck park .
i 'm going there for my next haircut to try them out .
i did the same thing on my boss 's desk calendar http i.imgur.com/ljwttfk.jpg
i loved how crazy it got i did a decent amount too probably 200-300mg it literally showed me how chaotic the universe can be .
i only see a question mark but im assuming its because i dont have a guard assigned to that post
it 's an abbreviation of the latin word numero https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/numero_sign '' which means ... yep you guessed it number '' .
nice looking but it seems like an awful lot of money for something that would n't even approach holding all my dice .
i 'll stick to the crown royal bags and 5 organizer boxes myself .
i did n't even know such thing exists and it 's on youtube o_o '
in fairness i think a lot of people are offended by a lot of things they ought not be offended by .
the solo cup is neutral it does n't represent anything it 's a cup .
it is whatever the person using it wants it to be .
it can be a juice cup water cup milk cup wine cup beer cup liquor cup it can even be a soup cup .
i have seen more people offended by the people who are offended by the cup than actual people who are offended by the cup .
so far i have seen 0 people offended by the cup and hundreds of people offended by the people who are supposedly offended .
it 's a cup everyone should just raise their cups wish a happy holidays since there are a lot of holidays going on in the next 3 months and get over it !
i have not seen that but it is possible that certain adcs will head mid such as graves lucian and quinn .
i would n't expect to see a kog but the idea is similiar in that the rift herald plus better adc itemization means quicker turrets and more snowbally games .
hey man i did n't know i thought this was very useful
note to mods please add pie to the wiki o
our squad will be perfect when vidal and turan get to play .
we literally dont need anybody especially since our young players are doing just fine
if you 're still interested there 's a youtuber with some great tutorials on mmf2 which is basically identical to clickteam fusion .
with just those tutorials you can learn how to do a lot .
i follow the research as i am a research psychologist and i specialize in child development so i 'm the furthest thing from ignorant .
i 'm glad your son has never been sick and i hope he never does get sick .
i simply look at the research and it shows overwhelmingly that the positives that come from vaccination far outweigh the negatives .
for example the prevalence of measles has more than tripled since 2013 and in 2012 the rate of whooping cough was 50 times what it was in 1976 .
i would much rather risk an adverse reaction than have my child die of measles .
op this exact same guy was on my university 's campus a few weeks ago .
he was also at jmu and the students came and played music to drown him out .
i guess he has nothing better to do than to go from school to school .
i guess i need to take things more serious ... still mad though
i 'm definitely not one of those people that has a big problem with getting up early but that sure as hell does n't mean i like it .
to be honest though the 7:30 class is much better than the alternative .
nah the atoms you 're made of would no longer stay together and you would n't be you anymore .
i honestly thought this is was just a pic from the movie at first .
i also wanted to add mike caprioglio in andover at black diamond does great work in this field .
oh god ... . uhh hurry and hide in the toilet !
just hold your breathe and i 'll come get you in a minute ! ! ''
could care less about olympic gold to be honest ... .silver medal that was awarded to argentina for that second place last year thats what i am talking about
governments exist to care for the well-being of citizens .
this is exactly why power '' rankings are silly on multiple levels .
should i add it along with the detergent in the detergent compartment itself or in the fabric softener '' compartment ?
well he has that power but if he wants to keep his position in that nice new york office with the nice cushy paycheck he is going to go with what the owners want .
they are the guys pulling the strings goodell just gives them a unified public face so they do n't take flack for anything because it is goodell who is taking action publicly .
i took a look and i thought it would be holmes but holmes seems to just be a deep threat .
he 's the third leading wr in terms of yards targets and receptions on oakland 's roster .
i 'm lingering at 7k lol i 'm not panicking there 's still time plus so what if you can not write your novel by the 30th of november ?
just use me and spam emotes you 'll find a roaming mod right away .
imagine if miami got a cigar city brewing or even dare i dream a great lakes brewing.. screw 10 mediocre breweries over 2 great consistent breweries .
i know i should n't be bad mouthing the ones we have down here but im just saying..
it 's his pick and roll defense that has fallen off a cliff .
it seems to run around the same if not a little better .
there seems to be less lag down the scopes though i get that for some reason but overall it 's not much of a difference between ultra and low besides maybe a bit smoother experience overall .
i agree but there has to be more to it .
as a part of human nature we want to feel like we belong somewhere .
carr 's the only reason i 've withstood so many victories this season .
you have everything backwards but apart from that you just described every driver ever made ...
not texas but maybe it has something to do with the fritzl case ?
it 's just that i know i 'll never have a chance with her .
i got shipping confirmation on 6/26 and received the package on 7/11 so just over two weeks .
also recommend removing the marble that it comes with and replacing it with the m570 's marble .
first mod i get will be one to rename him .
i want to name him after the pet german shepard i had growing up .
the place we visualize most often is a warehouse re-purposed as a personal lounge work space and library .
generally it 's the best place for me to visualize my tulpa and we do a lot of personal talking and problem solving there .
it consists of a large 1.5 story room with a basement open to the ground floor from above essentially making the basement room 2.5 floors in height .
it can be looked down into from the ground floor and accessed by the slope-well at the far end of the room .
on the ground floor most the walls consist of wooden bookshelves approximately the height of the ceiling .
there is a projector behind the eastern wall that illuminates the west with any information we want .
there is an l-couch facing the eastern wall with a coffee table centered in front of the couch .
the lower floor is approximately one-third the size of the ground floor sharing the north wall with the ground floor and a railing overlooking the basement above the southern wall of the room .
bookshelves line the north and east walls and there is a large multi-use drafting table centered squarely to the east so that one may walk around it and the distance from the north east and southern walls are equidistant and it is away from the base of the slope-well coming from the west .
i keep watching with hope that it will get better .
sadly i think the best seasons are behind us .
there was so much potential for charlie to have her wasted like that was such a crime !
i guess the only way we will see is to keep watching until there is nothing left .
soo ... how do i get these on my walls ?
wow an officially real story from the officializer himself .
once we start trying to overturn 1st amendment rights then things will really go to shit .
freedom of speech is essential does n't mean we have to like it .
happy veteran 's day and thank you for your service .
this thread is not however literally just fallout 4 gets special treatment and it makes no sense '' with everyone defending that assertion .
the top two comment chains are quite critical of fallout 4 .
and i do n't have a problem with that .
a buggy game is basically never a good game and a game that is buggy should be criticized for it until it is fixed .
while i mentioned i had only encountered two serious bugs in my playthrough they are still two serious bugs that do put a hamper on my enjoyment and i would like them fixed .
but what i am talking about is the proportionality of responses to various games with various levels of bugginess .
those are words that we should reserve for the games that are truly unplayable or broken .
i 'm saying that we should respond to the technical issues in fallout 4 in largely the same way that we responded to the technical issues in the witcher 3 when it was released they 're similar games on similar budgets with similar development team size with similar initial problems .
but when the witcher 3 came out nobody called it unplayable '' broken '' a bugfest '' .
what drives this rhetoric when it comes to fallout 4 ?
if you ca n't get behind the idea that when we discuss a game we should use the words that best describe it and that when we discuss similar games we should use similar words then i do n't know what to tell you .
a dull knife is the most dangerous knife a falling knife has no handle .
or if you see it charging at you means you have time to react kick it in the face .
falam do politico com mais votos na história da democracia em portugal .
not necessarily if it has twice the pitch bite of a single then it will create the same thrust at similar rpms .
because of disturbed air the less blades you have the more efficient the propeller/engine will run .
while this is of course balanced two blade props are the norm for small low hp ga aircraft .
do n't use it to start a fire or clean car parts with .
do n't clean car parts with gasoline in your basement with the windows shut .
if i were an employer just saying yale would n't exactly be my first option .
would n't want to bring this shit into my office have people freak out this much over minor stuff .
bro bro you know it bro bro get hype bro are you serious bro stay hype bro brobrobrobrobrobro
this has n't been true since the release of architect .
it gives so much tempo and general advantage that it 's a real pain to facecheck .
i use a plenty with the oil pad and it is happy to take anything i put in it .
due to the bowl size i would n't recommend it to someone who has to pay for supplies .
debbie downer '' reminded stephen of tocantins and had flashbacks to beebe .
he was nice but i really did n't like the groopies .
there are some real nasty women that would do anything to get his attention .
he was n't all that fazed and was use to it .
he was nice but not worth the frustrations and interference by others .
hopefully a stepping stone to the leadership for nathan or charlie and sooner rather than later .
idk what its called but theres a fungus that is pink looks kinda like a spongey texture shaped almost like a bell pepper but only if you had the structural aspect of it .
but on the inside is this foul like fucking awful smelling green goop shit .
used to see them when i played in the woods as a kid .
never have the poor had a lobbyist with actual money to fight !
i am an attorney who defends public housing residents and i am so excited for this .
you see the thing with sb42 is that even though it blew we thought we were gon na come right back the very next year and go 37-1 .
on the other hand the problem with the 2006 afccg was we let manning get a ring and missed our shot at one .
now only if we could skip csing and go into pure pvp .
why does the prime minister not vote and choose to abstain ?
that reminded me of the hairbo sugar free gummy bear reviews on amazon
attempting to force their way in to a closed event .
the first form of the boss was easy for me but i was level 43-45 when i battled the second form of the final boss and i still struggled .
in the end i got only one yo-kai standing and he was inspirited .
luckily i made him use his soultimate move before then .
i really recommend against getting an i3 for a gaming '' build .
it 's 2015 and dual-cores even with hyper-threading are going to be punished by new games compared to a quad-core .
is there anything else i can do for you .
beron asked in the same tone overly and obviously sarcastic .
if there is not i think i had best take my leave .
it would n't do well to be seen around someone who causes harm to your domain . ''
without waiting for a response beron turned his horses head around and headed back to the stables .
trying to take too much on can do strange things to man .
you have to hit the space bar in order to crit
target a few people in vats and after you tell it to start shooting hit the space bar on one of the shots .
but do n't you realise that taking other people 's feelings into account is pc fascism gone mad ?
i was thinking more of a class adjustment rather than something that only affected the pentameld-accessory wearing tanks .
i did n't see any indication of damage scaling from vit or anything game-changing like that .
i neck size with a lyman die and then seat with the die from an rcbs 2-die set .
it 's been a little while since i set that die up in my press but i seem to remember following the taper crimp setup procedure .
edit i checked the instructions and the die is not marked t/c '' so it is not a crimp die and i would have followed the other procedure .
so what better way to kill the raiders forever ?
city of sd agrees to let the chargers move to la without any legal trouble as long as the city gets to retain the rights to the name chargers much like cleveland did with the browns
i actually miss cabletv for their ads the reason being it 's a good time to read or do work and talk to friends loved ones .
i guess it speaks more to my own self control but when i watch netflix it 's usually one episode after another with barely any breaks and it get tiring whereas when i come across cable tv you get those forced breaks .
and ads can be really weird now because i have n't been exposed to them more recently .
they 'll do what amazon always does take extremely thin margins to kill the competition and get marketshare .
it is a race to the bottom unfortunately at least until drones start delivering or something .
in my opinion a lot of these complaints are just the hipster bandwagon effect .
the alanna and wild magic series really helped to promote my love for books and kept me interested in reading and literature as a whole .
secondly what advice would you give to people who want to start writing ?
for me in particular i find that i struggle to really build a world for my readers which makes writing anything longer than a short story very difficult to me .
this is particularly frustrating because being so heavily influenced by your writing and similar fantasy series like redwall .
since you create these amazing worlds that come to life for readers do you have any advice or brainstorming techniques that you use ?
people are hosting gambling games on darkscape and they 're scamming players out of their gold .
so these players barricaded him and tried to kill him but someone else did instead .
i do n't think this is about different emotions .
i prefer going attack speed quints+marks it results in being able to spam q alot more and it really helps in the fact that you 're not forced to get botrk after shiv+ie due to the lack of attack speed
the recipe is originally in german here 's the link https translate.google.com/translate ? sl=de tl=en js=y prev=_t hl=de ie=utf-8 u=http 3a 2f 2fgrassandstones.at 2fvegane-fastenspeise-der-buddhisten 2f edit-text act=url to the horribly translated google translate page sorry for that
they obviously did more to promote heartharena than vice versa .
hands down eifert he 's falling into stud '' territory with all the red zone looks and grabs he 's getting .
may i ask where you got the wiring diagrams for the buttons ?
i 'd be very interested to try my hand at that .
have at least 10 years of relevant experience probably more like 20 .
understand the needs balance the concerns of many stakeholders including businesses commuters residents with budgetary concerns .
thanks you answered most of the questions i had !
but diversity measurements should n't use the general population as a baseline .
it should use the full time workforce employed or unemployed as a metric .
just in case you have n't tried ... are you using the d-pad ?
i found that far more controllable than the stick .
you could have googled vegan dietary restrictions '' before making anything .
the easiest way to think about it is that vegans do n't eat anything that comes from an animal .
if updates are important to you get the nexus .
thats why i loved it cause i dont know a single thing about the source material .
democratic socialist socializing some aspects of society while keeping a democracy .
social democrat a person who is left leaning on social issues .
the 12 female officers should be ashamed of themselves .
equality for all except when i want special treatment . ''
as much as i hate navigating the green screens they have far fewer bugs than our newer web based interfaces .
granted the green screens have been perfected over the course of years but still .
because i 'm just made a request for refund to the support so i just wait and see for the moment but if they said no i 'm very interrest about it
i 'm sure the truth will slowly come out after the season is wrapped up .
people eat old meat please puke here '' i 'm stealing that one .
to be honest i was n't worried about aphro leaving since he gave the ultimatum ''
i just came back to league but played 100 games as him in season 5 .
i honestly thought my client was messed up or i was lagging or glitching because of the path he would take when i clicked .
it will do a better job than i can .
you can not contribute to the tsp after you leave government service .
if you leave the military but go into a different government sector you can still contribute and as a civilian you are entitled employer match as well .
still marrs the paint unless it was 100 💯 percent clean
i have n't really dropped the old ones or the ysandir i just have n't found a place to use them again though i believe one or both get mentioned in the numair/arram trilogy i 've been working on .
writing combat is touch and there are writers out there whose fight scenes i skip over rather than lacerate my feelings by reading fight scenes in which characters turn themselves into moebius strips to deliver a punch !
i actually started my research '' even before i knew what i was doing moving closer to the tv to watch the fight scenes in old sword and sandal '' pictures like jason and the argonauts . ''
i moved on to other movies and their fight scenes watching the errol flynn/basil rathbone robin hood movie over and over rathbone an olympic fencer carries flynn as well as captain blood '' and the danny kaye/rathbone court jester '' which is not only funny but has great fight scenes .
the richard lester 3 and 4 musketeers movies give a great and gritty number of sword fights i 've seen both over 15 time each .
and about the time i was picking the lester sword fights apart i also became interested in martial arts .
in addition to briefly studying tae kwon do ripped a tendon behind my left knee that was the end of that and reviewing martial arts movies i watched fencing and martial arts classes including iaido samurai fast draw and kendo japanese sword .
and i directed a student movie together with fight scenes .
when i write i visualize each move and its reaction on the part of each character and i go over the scene until i 'm sure it 's real .
plus she 's always using the word 'infer ' when she obviously means 'imply ' .
this juice was just weird to me its tasted like creamy coconut.. didnt like it at all but if you want a creamy coconut flavor ...
forgot the name atm ... sorry think it 's a purified water a blood pack and something else
i fell 'cause of fred 's gay outfit . ''
our clan is convinced that since the last update th.5s no longer work .
we did some research on it and decided to give up on it and have all th.5s build defenses .
you can read more about our analysis and others experiences here on reddit https www.reddit.com/r/clashofclans/comments/3n5ldd/war_matchmaking_worse_since_update_small_analysis and here on supercell forums http forum.supercell.net/showthread.php/861675-war-matchmaking-worse-after-most-recent-update-small-analysis-inside
i have n't been able to keep collecting data as well now that we have no th.5s anymore but from anecdotal evidence i can see that we are winning more now .
we still are n't winning as much as we did when we could exploit the matchmaking system using th.5s before the last update but we are not getting fucked like we were when we had th.5s in war right after the last update .
nah just go back and start earlier the chronology is more of a suggestion than anything .
hogfather and thief of time are both stand-alones their story does n't have much bearing on the rest of the universe although some of the characters show up in other books .
i was exceptionally annoyed at the you could make mad scrill '' texts that i got each day for a week before halloween .
1 is called return fraud but ultimately would be up to your discretion .
2 if you return one out of the three games you will not receive full credit for the game back .
buy 2 get 1 free counts as a promotional item and if you do not return all the items you will only receive a prorated amount back .
example buy item 1 for 40 and get 20 gift card for free .
you return item 1 but keep 20 gift card you will only receive 20 as your return .
now you may try and do a no-receipt return at target as well to exchange blops3 for rainbox six at your discretion as well .
but target does have the right to refuse no-receipt returns ''
hear me out though i was listening to the local sports talk radio and they were talking about kerr making comments about the possible 72-10 or better season .
he said it 's no doubt going to be harder this time .
this team is amazing but for a lot of people who were n't around to see him play it 's hard to understand how dominant he was .
2 the warriors ' travel schedule is way tougher as a pacific team .
chicago had a far easier travel schedule being in the midwest .
pacific teams in general have tougher travel than just about any other teams .
for example the san jose sharks have the most travel miles of any team in the nhl .
edit u/extrafluffyyo pointed out that the warriors will travel the most miles this season of any other nba team .
pho so one on horsepen and peter changs in short pump walmart shopping center
i could see it working with the right leaders and ward members but my bishop is as dogmatic as they come .
just recently he revoked the temple recommends of a very active and involved couple for supporting gay marriage .
i was going to watch it with my dad when he was ready .
now that 's off the table as he 's gone and i just do n't want to watch it without him .
yes and if you arent atleast lem or even supreme you will cry yourself to sleep .
sat back too much in the 3rd a regrettable reminder of the tactics from last season .
glad weise is okay that leg bend did not look good .
pacioretty fanning on that one timer shortly before hornqvist 's tying goal was tough but that 's hockey .
condon was fine gave them a chance to win i had a feeling he 'd get dummied in the so though .
i am now officially on team replace gilbert with pateryn .
not because of the penalties which were bad but more because he does n't really add anything .
see what pateryn can do for a couple games .
i 'm working on ripping the video but in the meantime
it 's a figure of speech meaning good job you figured it out we are all sooooo proud ''
i 'll probably make it so that wifi turns off when the screen is off again .
i just wanted to test out doze ... unfortunately it does n't replace wifi off if screen off '' for me .
if notifications are n't important then wifi off if screen off '' is a good way to maximize battery life without having to remember to turn on airplane mode on and off .
trust me it 'll probably be a better experience overall since you can mod out most of the issues before this one .
also it 's one of the best role playing games of the 7th gen .
you sir are a genius and the man responsible for making my wallet a little smaller .
see if the label near the pump says it 's non-oxygenated .
i will if i can verify that it is a bug and not something in my configuration
morris is gon na have to carry our offense until the 2nd half i think svg wants to give reggie and drummond a lot of rest
though what i think is happening is that it is n't increasing libido but making how you are feeling more noticeable maybe amplifying what you are already feeling .
could be wrong or only partially right there were some hypothesis 's on here about the way it affects some hormones .
the game phantasy star universe had a feature like this about 10 years ago .
did you look in the doghouse behind your house you start in before the war ?
shows you were the self disgust and shame fastedness stems from
in my personal experience it 's been extremely mixed .
i ca n't say if usb c will bring any i device like compatibility because it 's mainly used for faster charging and the awesome ability to plug it in any way !
i used to have an aspire setup like that .
almost exactly except mine was a pass-through charge via mini-usb and no variable voltage .
but the colors of the tanks the profile of the piece ... it looks almost identical .
i do n't know why but i do n't feel like andrews would get a much better shake in either of these companies .
no doubt he would still have great matches but i think he would get lost in the crowd .
at least with the x-division i could see him picking up the title and having a could good run .
what is fun is going in and seeing what each person did for their flower .
keith drew louisiana and stephen drew a fish for example .
everything ... whats the difference between a 10,000 nissan versa and a 60,000 bmw ?
a lot of it is labor look at rifle dynamics yes i know not an ar the have a couple hundred round through the rifle and bout 35 man hours on each gun before its out the door .
i put the band on clip it behind my back then put the cups on last .
the bra lady taught me to do this i think .
the throw was so legendary eg had to get another throwing website do n't you understand ?
yeah the glowing sea was scary enough for me in my power armor at level 22 .
yes i 'm the idiot because you do n't know how to read .
how did you ever get so far in life ?
i feel like this post https www.reddit.com/r/rantgrumps/comments/3flcqz/the_suzy_archive_work_in_progress still sums it up pretty well .
also far beyond the wheel slaves bulldozers incessant mace watch motorvision
some new security features in marshmallow have made it to where you need to have a modified boot image the kernel basically if you want to root .
it 's really just a couple of lines of code in the kernel that need to be disabled to allow any type of root method .
so the only thing we need for rooting build mdb08l is for someone to modify those lines in the newer kernel version basically .
i ca n't remember the last time i yelled at anyone cried got super excited or stressed .
i ca n't tell if it 's a good thing or a bad thing .
even if its warriors/cavs who knows who would win if both teams are healthy ?
yes that is why it is weird that his shield stayed up
not sure if it 's because the account was inactive for so long or what 's going on .
the username was f34rless531 but i could n't say the last time i used it .
you can tell adam lives in the sf bay area because he used uber as a verb .
can you imagine how crazy it would be to pick up adam motherfucking savage on your uber route ?
his rank is right there on a small square thats velcro .
do it man we 'll hit up my gym a few pros work out there including bpak lol
they have n't given players their borders for season 5 .
if you know people who uses the exploit you can make sure to set up a defense for it when the match begins but like i said if this broke the sub rules then the post can just be closed/deleted .
in any case if it happens theater mode is great for properly leaving rep feedback .
i would have liked to see more blake-cp pnr in crunch time rather than just blake post-ups
according to a 'professional ' chef on this sub it 's completely useless .
16 minutes gone and cousins has 15 points and 5 rebounds .
drummond is scoreless with 4 boards 2 turnovers and 2 fouls .
well there was also his it 's a good day '' comment in the middle of their election day coverage right after he pointed out that the blue jays were winning and the liberals were winning .
apparently he is also a well known jays fan .
this is hardly the first or one and only time that mr. mansbridge has made his political preferences exceedingly obvious which is a problem when you 're the face of cbc news .
for me i disagree that 's normal for a real person . ''
give them a few months and you will see the list get bigger and bigger .
we had the same problem in canada when they launched but now i would say the content is on par and in some cases even better than the us .
she told the meatballs to break minds '' she wants them to drive john insane literally .
perfect blue not sure if direct inspiration but black swan is said to be very similar have n't seen it .
requiem for a dream also directly referenced it in several scenes
ghost in the shell i think it directly inspired the matrix dunno for sure though
i do n't even remember how old i was when i started playing it must have been god 5 ?
i bought it out of a bargain bin at some game shop and holy crap i must have sunk 500 hours into that thing by the time i was done with it .
to this day i have n't played a management game of any type except maybe maybe crusader kings 2 that drew me in and kept me playing and interested as much as i remember rct doing .
never played any of the sequels though so maybe they 're on that level .
i lost my copy of it in a move though a few years after i got it which was kind of the worst so many memories in that little disk .
i saw it 's up on gog though i 'll have to buy it .
5.99 to relive my childhood is well worth it .
just make sure to put it into your will that you wish to be buried there and if you already reserved the plot it should be ok .
most people respect the wishes of their loved ones who have passed
having worked at a very hated cable company as a costumer service rep you have no idea how many people try to pull that off .
our dining chairs had those tags and i remember going to my mom crying that we were going to get in trouble and they were going to find us somehow after reading it .
every day that i do n't participate in eating any animal products i save 1100 gallons of water 40 lbs of grain 30 sq .
ft. of forest 20 lbs of co2 and 1 animal life .
however i have been vegetarian for over 20 years and vegan for nearly a year you can try to distract from the real problems by trying to make it sound like this means nothing but it means something to the supply and demand of these businesses .
no other country on the planet consumes the vast amounts of meat as the us does and yet somehow for some people they find it easier to just blame big corporations '' and not the role they themselves play in the supply and demand of these products .
we have far more vegan options today and more every day because of people making the conscious decisions to not consume large amounts of animal products .
i do n't downplay even those who reduce their intake every bit helps you will not likely convince me otherwise without hard data .
i have some friends who live near st. gallen that are pretty big nerds .
ana are 6 mere și vrea să le împartă cu 2 prieteni .
câte mere primește fiecare din prietenii ei dacă anei nu îi este poftă de mere ? ''
but what does this have to do with libertarianism ? ! ''
libertarianism is a philosophy rubio 's claim contradicts fact and he is a competitor of rand paul who is libertarianish .
i have n't seen any of us using that as an excuse here yet but i sure do n't think so .
dirk and mathews were too hot and we had bad crunchtime lineups .
just keep your core warm and skate for icings and when you can and you 'll be fine .
make sure to wear all protective equipment girdle and shins specifically they will keep you warm .
then a decent pair of long johns and a long sleeve shirt designed to keep you warm should be enough .
the denver area is pretty bereft of them unfortunately the result of a concerted effort by city officials to prevent any sort of legal social consumption .
ibake http ibakedenver.com is the only one i 'm aware of at the moment .
if you go down to colorado springs there are a few .
as far as i 'm concerned chaperone is bae .
great exotic secondaries are even better with some of the legendary primaries and chaperone fits me like a glove .
i 've been running suros dis-43 with it and i find i have a gun for all engagement distances .
this one place would leave the pork in a bowl uncovered overnight .
in the morning they would chop it up and use it in pork fried rice .
probably a little extra protein if a bug crawled in there ...
this submission has been automatically removed because it is not a direct link .
please submit links ending in .gif .gifv .ogg .mp4 .webm only .
if it does not end in the aforementioned then the submission will be removed from r/gifs .
please review the guidelines in the sidebar about the types of submissions that are appropriate for r/gifs
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gifs if you have any questions or concerns .
but running two stones worth of kotg is equivalent or even more time consuming than six stones worth of svl more likely the latter .
i value time much more than money but peoples ' views on that vary greatly and that would be a discussion for another time .
i 'm a huge broncos fan they have the personnel to play match ups .
against the packers he followed cobb everywhere including when cobb was in the backfield .
he is our best corner in the slot but he is not just a slot corner
nonetheless the fact that these posts find a strong market here says something about the people using this site .
this is the first post i 've seen on here in the past few months where someone was being racist to a white person .
you 're projecting your own beliefs onto the entirety of a website 's userbase .
which is ridiculous because you 're on this website .
if you think it 's full of white racists there is literally nothing stopping you from leaving .
after using him for 1 mission i really want to see him as a specialist
japanese people have emails for their phones instead of texts for some reason .
so it 's pretty much saying there were 600 texts .
i 'll check it out in a few days when i get proper internet
our store had an almost identical sale when our gm accidentally ordered an entire pallet of ketchup instead of one box .
either increase their range add a hot pursuit like trait to the regular pool or ...
i 'm glad you found something easier on your system .
i was just on anti-convulsants but they 're expensive and make me hallucinate .
i 'd be very interested in seeing where you got your statistics .
are you using nominal gdp in which case 2 of the top 5 states are republican texas and florida or are you using gdp per capita where 3 of the top 5 are republican alaska north dakota wyoming ?
some one needs to find her side of the story
take her to costco and get her a buttload of shelf-stable healthy ish snacks .
my mom does this for me every year before she drops me off to college and i am eternally grateful for my snack stockpile because finding time to eat meals between classes activities office hours meetings etc .
also dorms are like giant petri dishes so emergen-c is great too .
if she 's living in an apartment slow cookers are amazing to have .
generally i would advise against bringing her a printer because most colleges have ample free printing to some degree .
i assume this will be her first time living in some sort of communal living situation .
a lot of freshmen do n't realize how loud they are/how thin dorm walls are so for the love of god please make sure she 's respectful of shared spaces i 'm typing this as i 'm being irritated by my loud freshmen neighbors whose parents clearly did not impart on them any concept of respect for shared spaces .
i do n't know how she 's feeling about college but one thing i notice every year among unhappy college students is a mismatch of expectations i meet a lot of people who expect college to be the best thing ever but of course real life wo n't match those expectations .
it 's okay to know that some of your professors will suck there will be mean people on campus and that you will feel lonely and/or sad at some point .
even as someone who was very independent in high school there were times in college where i struggled with adjusting to having to take care of myself while balancing school and being away from loved ones .
having realistic though not pessimistic expectations is so important .
soramaro first to dream http gatherer.wizards.com/handlers/image.ashx ? name=soramaro 2c 20first 20to 20dream type=card .jpg gatherer http gatherer.wizards.com/pages/card/details.aspx ? name=soramaro 2c 20first 20to 20dream mc http magiccards.info/query ? q ! soramaro 2c 20first 20to 20dream http www.mtgprice.com/search ? search=soramaro 2c 20first 20to 20dream edhrec http edhrec.com/cards/soramaro 2c 20first 20to 20dream
i could say the same thing about any other hero that gets played poorly .
the hero is not weak the people pick him are weak .
sure her lane dominance is not what you claim she can be bullied really easy ever since her base statr nerf shes super squishy .
you 're overthinking her passive at level 6 its 3.5 with long sword/d-blade and runes it is only 16 with r after procing all 4 which is really hard to do especially considering her q 's cd is high at early levels .
if you have 1000 hp at level 6 her ult will only do 180 damage .
her e does n't slow attack speed only move speed and neither does it give move speed that 's her passive .
it last .75 that 's fucking nothing and it only stuns if you manage to block another players cc otherwise it slows attack and move speed but its easy to avoid as it has a rather long channel and is a narrow skill shot .
she does not take towers as fast as jinx with her e as it is only 50 as and only last two auto attacks not even two seconds .
if she did n't have the ms on her ult she would never be able to keep up with her target nor be able to navigate all the way around her target .
sentences you could form with the words in that image
i lost by less than a point because ronnie hillman could n't put one foot in front of the other and kubiak could n't find time to give him more than seven snaps .
he 'll be staring at his feet on the end of my bench until further notice .
i could see kidd having done this since he was such a good rebounder .
i just archive everything still not close to running out of space and i can find anything i need by searching .
i manage to kill maybe 30 of the ones i shoot at .
they all pretty much look the same so i have no way to tell if they are coming back or not .
i was playing alone in my room at 3am and i cracked up at that one lotv really did humor properly it was always well placed
thanks again unrelated question why did you choose your username to be vartmaan ''
because when the dairy pallets come in the store sometimes the milk in the crates at the top of the stack end up leaking for one reason or another .
the milk sits there on the bottom crates of milk for a long time by the time we get to it .
we wipe off the crusted milk but nobody wipes it down all the way .
a figure in a cloak can be seen walking curiously towards okami
it 's constantly flipping on pc na it really depends on who 's online and what time it is .
reddit hates oppression olympics ... except when it 's about looking for examples of straight white men getting oppressed .
i 'm not sure on the code but some flair can be hidden i think and only given by mods .
so if for example a crate employee wanted one they 'd have to prove they 're an employee to you mods such as saying on the official forum that they use a certain reddit user name or whatever ama 's do to prove it .
some flair just lets you type in any text you want .
once you figure out how only people like zantai can get a crate then the rest of us could type dev '' but without the crate icon it 's pretty obvious we 're not .
but there 's a lot you can do if you can type in your own custom flair text .
something to tell people who you are or what you 're looking for .
any flair is better than no flair though i think .
honestly what 's said on ice should stay on ice .
tootoo was a little bitch for bringing it up .
settle it on the ice or remain forever silent .
that said where was that idiot on this sub that kept going on about how he had inside sources to the nhl and claimed what burrows said was 'no big deal ' ?
seems like the nhl disagrees with you eh buddy ?
yeah i was thinking of doing somethnig like that but as much as my friends are very understanding of my relationship and need for time to spend with him my family really is n't .
it makes it hard for me to actually make time for it when i 'm always out doing something with my family i have a huge family
tankies say they hate cops until cops start being useful for them .
i wo n't because i think the game is great and worth at least 60 bucks .
i hope you have a wonderful time in the states and on your visit !
well not for college admissions anyway unless you list it as a future undertaking like future ap exams perhaps .
if there 's another point is purely based on what you 're looking to get out of it .
certainly some people do it for reasons other than improving admissions chances .
if that is n't you there 's no shame in that people have different opinions .
but it probably wo n't improve your chances of admission which seems to be the real question you 're asking here .
i will enjoy making my own stories through my own actions and experiences but if there is a story that has been crafted for me then i would like to experience that as well
people freak out from the idea of radiation because they do n't understand it ca n't see it and it can kill them .
except it wo n't in the majority of cases you can even go to chernobyl and be fine .
the reason no one has given you any cause they assumed you were a troll and would have to wait until after you respond which was mere minutes ago .
the reason it is idiotic is one that a autoshotty in close range is a bad idea take for instance the panic attack it 's not exactly good but it 's still a semi-auto shotgun .
keep in mind a lot of classes give up primaries/secondaries for bonuses .
most soldiers run gun boats anyways but you do n't see them complaining .
to be honest heavy does need a rebalance anyways but giving him an extra slot just because people do n't want to use other weaponry is n't gunna be solved by making that slot more available .
it 's not a good idea but it 's a start .
i 'm sure i 'm overly scrupulous but ... alligator teeth are n't actually very sharp they 're mostly just useful for gripping prey .
an alligator primarily injures its prey with the brute force of it 's jaws .
an alligator will also rip the flesh or limbs off prey by rolling while it 's prey is in its grip .
if attacking a large mammal like a deer or human an alligator will try to conserve as much energy as possible killing it by drowning the prey in water .
edit when i say alligator teeth are not sharp i should clarify on older larger animals they are not sharp .
actually i bet the size of a mickey mouse suit and particularly its head would intimidate most alligators .
pretty high on bortles right now because that division is a fucking mess .
basically shootouts every single game and he has some of the best weapons in the nfl balling out super hard .
bad thing is that his value is climbing going into the playoffs because of that ... so it 'll be hard to peel him .
i know a lot of people are down on kevin white right now because of the injury/unproven situation and playing back burner to alshon but i think that 's really going to help him ie allen hurns .
i think jay cutler has matured a lot between last season and now and really putting his head down mentally too so that helps .
kevin white+picks might be around that value to a guy wanting megatron or starks .
manning will have pretty small value which is fair but he does have some interesting matchups in the playoffs .
i like martavis bryant when ben is healthy and maybe even when not .
the backups probably got some good work with him in the offseason .
a lot of people on this sub will say otherwise but i think the kid is going places if the steelers start to keep him on the field .
his value is pretty low right now too i would say ... the hype train has n't quite left the station for a lot of dynasty-holics like the rest of us on this subreddit .
other young qbs would be obviously carr and i really like tyrod too if he was healthy with sammy they 'd probably each be top 10 .
you might try prying kelvin benjamin straight up for megatron too cam is fucking amazing and kb back on the field next season is going to take that offense to new levels .
that 's why they 're called non-profit organizations '' .
if you 're using the word profit '' in relation to a non-profit entity you are n't just semantically wrong you 're conceptually wrong as well .
non-profits do n't have investors and do n't pay dividends .
they do n't even have a functional analog to investors and dividends so to try to pretend that they 're doing exactly the same thing '' financially is just patent nonsense .
board members are donors not employees and they reap no direct financial benefits from their membership .
overhead costs such as employee pay including bonuses are expenses not profit in all types of organization again keeping in mind that non-profit entities can not generate profit by definition because that 's what the term non-profit '' means .
how much any individual person is paid is irrelevant .
non-profits do n't have salary caps any more than for-profits do .
most colleges and universities are non-profits because they 're educational institutions ownership '' has nothing to do with it .
private universities and many public universities are registered as 501 c 3 organizations under federal tax law as educational institutions .
public universities are n't owned '' by anyone any more than private universities are anyways they just have to deal with limited legislative oversight e.g. standardized core curricula that private entities mostly do n't and even that varies by state .
public universities are n't even directly operated by actual state governments except perhaps temporarily in extreme circumstances they 're functionally separate entities with their own independent governance structures that are basically equivalent to those that operate private universities .
that the ut regents are appointed by the governor is n't an expression of ownership .
if it was rick perry would n't have had to resort to backdoor political shenanigans to try to run ut into the ground he could have just done whatever he wanted to us by executive fiat .
neither the governor nor the state legislature can do shit to us without the bor 's approval so the idea that we 're somehow owned '' by the government just does n't pass basic organizational muster .
and just for the record i will absolutely guarantee you that i understand non-profit entities very very well .
i work for one am on the board of another and am otherwise involved with about half a dozen others .
it 's literally my job and my life and i 'm genuinely uninterested in your opinion of my competence on the matter .
ok let me breed them if you do n't mind waiting a few .
dowland sir john smith his almain https youtu.be/n_wzr6sva4q ? t=254
nah it is a very small factor in your mmr
personally i would argue that was n't a foul at all and it was just an exaggeration via flop he takes a good three balanced steps before deciding that the contact knocked him off balance .
i guess if the refs are being extremely strict with their calls but most games that 's an easy no call and none of the refs on screen look like they 're even thinking about calling it .
the important part for dogs is the tone of voice more than the words .
you say do n't attack '' much differently than you 'd say attack '' and the way you say it is the easiest part for a dog to understand .
also if you 've trained your dog to attack i would imagine that you 'd also train him to not attack .
speed and meth are different at least where i 'm from .
you simply sell it to the merchants so to speak .
it simply has a great weight to value ratio .
now get rid of the random ass hill in the middle of the allied runway on sicily !
so many landing gears have been lost to that monster .
my sister told me that you get it when one side of your brain interprets something a split second slower than the other side .
judging by the number of upvotes most i 've ever gotten on one submission i 'd say i am in pretty good company d
this place is where old people come to die .
there is a difference between washing your hands before you eat and sanitizing everything around your home on a daily basis over-protective mothers
the vast majority of people will never see this .
taking close up screenshots of anything they could to make another hurr durr da graphics suck durr hurr '' as if anyone is actually going to look that close to something .
it 's just like animation with the clipboard that you are n't even supposed to see because the door closes too fast .
people will complain about absolutely anything at this point .
report this to the mod forum page if it has n't already been reported
is it possible to give npc 's in your settlement names ?
it 's kinda boring having them called settler '' or minutemen ''
personally i have been having some matchmaking issues i 'm never able to find ffa or any other gamemodes with that low of players 5 and below .
been reading some posts and comments bout poor matchmaking this and that .
apparently ppl with good ping and open nat is having this issue too ?
counting days you give yourself a notion that you are going to relapse someday .
to know how many days you 're in your streak ?
oh to know how long can you last until next relapse ?
do n't count days just live your new nofap life .
counting days you give yourself a message i wo n't be able to live nofap only from streak to streak from relapse to relapse .
i buy pokemon on ebay but when i recive it their is a black picatju on the front ! ! ! ! !
i scratch my face but maybe it is only something in my eye .
i go on the game and it is complitly black with hyper-realistic blud on the screen !
i get really spooked but i also wan na play so i make a character .
i am a guy and i look just like me and my name is my name ! ! ! !
i get only pikatju and but when i check the pokedex it is called your dead ''
i am in my room but my room is completely black !
and then my mum comes but my mom are ... .
empathetic instead of sympathetic i guess is the better response but otherwise i have n't a clue .
basically i dont venture into the area and dont know the popular times to be there .
i have been watching spray paint artists on youtube and someone said there might be one in the river market .
does anyone known if this is true and when he/she would be there ?
gentlemen it 's approximately 3:30am where i am and i 'm in danger .
but i want you all to know i 'm ignoring the urge i have to look at porn right now .
in moments of weakness be sure to ask yourself what do i really want ? ''
there are things is this world that you truly want things you feel overwhelming joy when you experience them/think you are experiencing them .
i guarantee to you porn is not something you truly want in this world there is no joy in that empty cold feeling you have while staring at a screen mouth gaping .
if you call that joy we need have a serious talk soldier .
if you can understand what you really truly want in life you can stop chasing the things in life that taunt you that beckon with a dangerous call .
after all there 's no time to waste on that garbage when you 've got your sights set on the beautiful things in life
i am not going to give in tonight because i want freedom .
let 's swing this war back toward the better side
i 'm trying to find a horror story i read in an anthology in the late 90s although i believe it was written much earlier .
the story was set in either late xix or early xx century
the main character is a pretty young girl who works for a wealthy employer s i think as a housemaid or something similar
her duties include taking care for an old lady ill bedridden and morbidly obese
there 's a romantic subplot which i ca n't remember in detail i think the heroine either finds a new love interest or is finally proposed to by her suitor which makes her very happy
in the end the old woman who turns out to be something akin to a witch makes the girl switch bodies with her using hypnosis or some magical means
the final paragraph has the heroine realize in terror that she is now forever trapped in the monstrous body of her former employer while the witch walks out to greet the young lover and enjoy life to the fullest .
i 'm probably missing some important details since i 've read this so long ago but unfortunately i ca n't remember anything more .
thanks for sparing some minutes of your time to read this .
autodesk autocad 2d only trimble sketchup and vray for sketchup adobe photoshop are the primary set of softwares .
rhinoceros3d with grasshopper and vray adobe illustrator and autodesk revit are other software that i use but not as much .
i was extremely satisfied with my lenovo ideapad y500 i7 3rd gen 16gb ram 1tb hdd 16gb ssd gt750m sli for 2 years till it broke .
the cost of fixing it is high coupled with my reduced need for mobility i have decided to buy a desktop .
although i may be investing in another laptop in a couple of years time for studies abroad .
now i 'm researching on what would be a budget friendly desktop that fulfills my needs but i came across a lot of mixed opinions .
and as for the pc build i had in mind i would prefer an intel build as i have never used any other in over 18 years .
this was suggested as a mid range gaming pc on a website .
i 'm trying to keep the budget in mind but i would n't want to compromise performance and comfort where my old laptop seems to be the standard for both .
should i be looking at i7 processors and newer generations of i7/i5s ?
as in would an i5 4670 on my desktop underperform as compared to the i7 3rd gen on my ideapad y500 ?
in the context of 3d rendering would i require more ram or vram ?
people seem to suggest getting nvidia quadro graphics due to their ability to double calculate .
like i said on my old laptop i was very satisfied with the quality of output and the speed .
so should i be sticking with commercial gaming graphics ?
should i be looking at amd graphics instead of nvidia ?
two years back i remember reading vray for sketchup does n't support multiple gpus so probably the same with vray for rhino ?
lastly do i need to be looking at possibilities for over clocking ?
does n't it reduce the life of pcs and increase temperatures and such ?
you 're the captain of the football team who 's always beating up my son .
you 're the guy who stole my husband 's promotion .
... but i ca n't help but also notice the confident way you carry yourself your assertiveness and your natural dominance .
it does n't help that you 're muscular handsome and always have a big bulge in your pants .
i know that he hates you but i ca n't help but get wet when i see you .
i know you make his life hell but i ca n't stop fantasizing about you me pinning me down and sliding your thick cock inside me .
i 'm looking to do an rp which involves me betraying a family member by having an affair with his tormentor .
i find reluctance role-plays a bit boring so i want my character to be fairly slutty and open to my advances you must be ok to bully and torment the man in my family whether it is my son or my husband .
you can play the huniliated family member instead if you want as well !
i can play his bombshell sister http i.imgur.com/oapardc.jpg or his milf mom http i.imgur.com/ofh79ch.jpg .
just pm me with your idea for a scenario and a little bit about my character .
since i ca n't find an existing one i want to develop a price finder for a certain type of product .
now i 'm trying to come up with a rough sketch of how it all works .
i have some coding experience but not with search engines .
so all i could come up with is to use a crawler library and go from there .
however i fear all that data would be too much to handle even if i limited my search to a certain list of shops .
is it as an amateur possible to get some kind of feed from shops or is this type of deal limited to affiliates and such ?
looking to get a new crossover/suv and have decided between these two .
they are similarly priced for the trims i have selected outback 2.5i premium vs cr-v ex-l awd and i have test driven both .
i found the cr-v to be comfier and more luxurious '' interior but i felt the outback is safer in terms of the amount of sensors it has front collision rear blind spot etc and visibility .
i am wondering if i can gain some insight from owners of either of the cars or owners of any subaru or honda cars .
i am looking for general thoughts on long term features such as reliability cost of maintenance ease of diy maintenance etc .
if you all have any questions for me that would make giving advice easier let me know !
p.s i wo n't often drive in harsh conditions that the advantage of subaru 's true awd vs honda 's awd is not really that important to me .
every time i heard do n't stop my mind went to awesome to the max 's drop .
so i threw this together in djay for ios live just now .
i chopped it at the end because it kinda fell apart i really want to see what a full-fledged remix/mashup of these would be .
i have been going to a studio for lessons and finally got the basic invert on lock down yes ! ! .
i was wondering if there were anyways to condition at home away from the pole so that i can get more safely prepared for more advanced moves .
i have a pole but it 's rather short at 7 ' so i ca n't really climb .
my teacher showed me this one stretch to slowly get used to twisting but are there others ?
also did anyone get kristy sellar 's key to choreography ?
if so was it any good in learning how to choreograph routines ?
i 've been using aedict but i 'm looking for a better one .
understanding the title of this post fills you with determination .
my save file suddenly got deleted when i was supposed to date undyne .
is there anyone who can give me a link ?
to fix some errors we added a notification of games been played that prevents the game to close .
so to cut it short i 'm looking for a solid pair of headphones around 150 preferably that have great sound are lightweight/comfortable and preferably have a mic .
i 've built a new pc recently for faoout 4 and headphones are the last thing i need to truly be immersed into the game and into pc gaming in general .
if the headphones work with console as well in my case xbox one that would be amazing .
thank you for taking the time out of your day and helping an ignorant newb .
on the roof of the mass fusion containment shed http i.imgur.com/lpwhp2t.jpg you can see the bodies of a synth and a raider shown here http i.imgur.com/8bzhqgm.jpg .
i saw this and immediately thought it was a reference to the famous final scene https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=noazpa1x7ju of the movie blade runner honestly the whole plot of the game is like a blade runner fanfic .
you can get up to the spot by running up the pipe on the side of the building jumping onto the air conditioners and then finally jumping onto the ledge of the roof from there .
here 's http i.imgur.com/tmcdsz4.jpg the side of the building .
honestly the only thing that has me skeptical is that deckard '' was n't carrying a 10mm pistol or something else similar to his gun from the film .
here 's the equipment for the synth http i.imgur.com/4asuoap.jpg and the raider http i.imgur.com/axpheej.jpg .
and finally here 's http imgur.com/a/w4p2g the whole album .
i am super new to access vba be warned .
i am trying to copy a column from a table into a variable so i can sort it and populate a combo box with the contents .
google is coming up empty except for a load of terms i do n't understand .
please let me know if i can provide more information .
have hyper shiva high plussed z8 uevo scarlet will have yomidra venus ra bastet karin leilan all on request .
until very recently i never did any stretching exercises .
i thought they were for older people ... people with injuries ... inflexible people.. and besides stretching before running makes you even slower http www.dailymail.co.uk/health/article-2303905/stretching-exercising-actually-cause-injury make-slower.html .
for 2 years i 've been running relatively injury free but recently one injury came after the other .
a few physiotherapist sessions later i had to change my philosophy of exercise
just because you can touch your toes with straight knees does n't mean you do n't have tight muscles
i 'm still not stretching before exercise but i put 30 mins aside everyday for stretching and foam rolling .
but i had to learn the hard way that being young wo n't set you free from injuries .
hey i was a moron and hit the throttle too early coming out of a u-turn sending the bike down the road ahead of me .
it 's mostly fine a couple of absurdly small scratches and a dangling turn signal and i started it right back up and rode it home to my apartment 200 feet away .
however the shift lever was bent inward and after straightening it out by hand at my apartment i ca n't seem to get the bike to go into neutral and the starter wo n't turn over .
edit after much jiggling of the shifter things are looking good again .
what else should i keep an eye out for ?
i am asked to do a speaking test on australian teenagers and drugs alcohol and tobacco .
my teacher will be asking me some questions i do n't know them yet but am trying to prepare for some general q 's and i have made some responses i would like you guys to check for me .
well i do not do drugs/drink alcohol/smoke tobacco because it is bad for your health and i think it is easy to do but hard to quit .
few australian teenagers do drugs/drink alcohol/smoke tobacco because they think it is cool .
but i think a lot of australian teenagers dont do drugs/drink alcohol/smoke tobacco because they think its bad for their health and their parents told them not to do drugs/drink alcohol/smoke .
do you know any famous people who do drugs/drink alcohol/smoke ?
i dont think their a bad person because they do but i think what they do is not good .
i know this is a very long post and i thank you if you stuck through !
got my webstore coupon 304304 for my broken siberia elites 10 days ago nov 3 and have been trying to get ahold of your support without any luck since then .
the problem is that my webstore coupon does n't seem to work .
when i apply it to my cart nothing happens .
like i said i 've been waiting quite awhile now for a response and now i 'm getting sick of waiting .
i would really appreciate any kind of answer from you guys to help me out with this .
this ad comes up and despite the little x '' in the corner the ad is not closable .
after a while the only possible thing to do is close relay via the app switcher wait a few seconds that actually matters and then reopen relay .
just bought some of these reduced from £40 to £9.95
a co-worker bought some and they look really good especially for the price .
the ladies xl size fit both of us both men hes about 6ft tall i 'm 5ft8 ''
can always return if they do n't fit or pop into halfords or a local store to try size first
i tried to use google translate but it 's too bad to understand ...
if you take a look at any of the famous paintings of the founding fathers https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/founding_fathers_of_the_united_states media/file declaration_independence.jpg the men in those pictures were absolutely caked in makeup .
men in the past had long hair painted their fingernails and also wore high heels louie xiv https historicromance.files.wordpress.com/2010/02/dyn005_original_664_918_pjpeg_2544134_52fe42fd9b6f9d0b34eb8cab1af213aa.jpg .
here is a youth of fifty with long grey hair and a grey-suited man with scarlet lacquered fingernails leading a small grimy dog . ''
count maurice tugged irritatedly at his short beard and perfumed oil from it came off onto his painted fingernails . ''
is talking to father the only way to get bunker hill ?
i have n't met the institution brotherhood or railroad yet but am interested in making bunker hill my main base of operations .
... or more so how will his series be treated ?
every new series in smash has got a stage a character a variety of music and trophies however how exactly would this be handled ?
on one side street fighter got six pieces of music three versions of two songs to be precise and four trophies which could easily mean this could be around what final fantasy would get .
however street fighter is owned by capcom who also own mega man .
mega man got 10 pieces of music and 20 or so trophies in comparison .
final fantasy is a brand new series in smash by a company that has never been in smash before .
which do you think will happen will final fantasy be treated like street fighter or the other 3rd party series in smash ?
velkommen til vores venner fra r/denmark for this cultural exchange
today until sunday we are hosting our danish friends from r/denmark .
please come and join us and answer their questions about italy and the italian way of life !
please leave top comments for users from r/denmark coming over with a question or comment and please refrain from trolling rudeness and personal attacks etc .
moderation outside of the rules may take place as to not spoil this friendly exchange .
the reddiquette applies and will be moderated in this thread .
the danish are also having us over as guests !
so head there https www.reddit.com/r/denmark/comments/3sneuz/ciao_a_tutti_cultural_exchange_with_ritaly to ask questions drop a comment or just say hello or hej !
un benvenuto ad i nostri amici di r/denmark per questo scambio culturale .
a partire da oggi fino a domenica ospiteremo i redditori danesi di r/denmark .
si prega di lasciare i commenti più votati agli utenti di r/denmark che verranno a farci domande e commentare si prega inoltre di evitare il trollaggio la maleducazione e gli attacchi personali .
a tal proposito in questo thread verrà applicata una moderazione più rigida in linea con la rediquette al fine di non rovinare questo scambio amichevole .
andate nel loro thread https www.reddit.com/r/denmark/comments/3sneuz/ciao_a_tutti_cultural_exchange_with_ritaly a far loro domande commentare o semplicemente passate a dire hello o hej !
volume 1 is like 21 on bookdepository and if i wanted to buy more than 1 volume the price would be over 100 .
does anyone know where i can get vagabond for normal prices ?
it must ship to europe thjo without a huge shipping fees .
after graduating with a degree in applied physics in june 2012 got my diploma in september i had trouble finding a job .
when my account was nearly drained i got my current job as a transportservice planner .
i basically make routes of kids that need to go to special schools .
due to my degree i was bumped up a few steps in the payment ladder but this is as dead-end as it comes .
my third one-year-contract ends next week and even though upper management has said nobody would be getting a permanent contract i got one anyway .
the other people in my department are older and have health issues so i managed to get some more money for the third time .
even the best interview i had resulted in me being number 2 god i nailed that interview so sad that did n't work out .
i can basically dream sorry but other candidates fit the profile better '' at this point .
all other classmates managed to get jobs within months and here i am .
it 's hard not to feel like a fuck-up at this point but i just want to get back into doing something that requires an engineering approach to work .
at least i will be able to pay rent .
looking to start a business venture in the near future creating all natural soaps for use on beards .
nailed the product name to 'green man ' after british folk lore .
like described i 'm looking for a leaf in the shape of a beard in a very simple pencil style utilising hatching but with rather bold lines possibly some green felt shading .
hey ist es iergendwie möglich in bluestacks diamanten zu kaufen wenn ich auf den betrag klick kommt keine kaufmöglickeit also ich bleib einfach im spiel drin .
i have n't even contributed anything but i 'm going to steal the declaration of independence
i have been struggling to chose a gaming laptop .
after hours of comparing and searching i found one with a gtx 970m card amazingly cheap .
but this laptop has an i5 4210h dual core processor wich is far from being a good one .
the question is the following since i want to be able to run virtually any game in the following years even in low medium settings if necessary what should i chose for the same price ?
the laptop with the not-so good processor but with a great graph card or laptops costing the same but equiped with a brand new i7 skylake one ssd but with a gtx 960m .
i love that they seem so passionate about their roles .
i can usually tell the difference between real and fake passion .
whenever i watch or read an interview with jason ritter and/or kristen schaal they seem to really care about their characters and the show .
obviously i know that they 're actors working to get paid so that they can live their lives but it 's still great to see that they really care about the show and it 's fans .
not sure if this has been shared here before if it has then mods delete as you see fit .
we all know someone we love who is going through drug addiction .
drugs can be wonderful and free the mind but there is also a dark side to them that i am sure you are all aware of .
this video taught me how to deal with the people i love who are going through drug addiction .
if you have a few minutes i highly encourage you to watch it .
i have had a hard childhood growing up violence abuse all that sort so it could be that i am overly sensitive .
i had female friends all my life but one stood out that lasted the longest 12 years to be exact .
anna my best friend from elementary to high school .
we had a group of friends consisted of same people throughout the years but there was this one girl who never changed her name was bree .
she was snarky cunning cruel and selfish and the most popular girl in our group .
she was known to create drama even when we were all 10 or something she would accuse someone of stealing sleeping around or doing stupid stuff basically ... for some reason i do n't know she decided to turn anna against me starting from our 7th grade they several people in class would all bully me in the class online physically and emotionally for stupid stuff like the shoes i am wearing the color of my hair or skin and stuff .
dealing with domestic abuse at home and bullying at school i became rather reserved it really scarred me .
my father passed away at 8th grade and they seemed to be less physically bullying but bree started talking about his father who she said in the past she hated like how they spend time together and stuff .
in high school anna and bree seemed to befriend me maybe because i seemed really lonely .
then other girls joined our group one pair of twins and one transfer girl who bree seemed to be best friends with .
there was so much drama in the group i sometimes even ignored the group chats i was in .
i do n't like drama and i hated how they could n't live with drama .
constantly fucking shit up on purpose for their own entertainment .
at one point bree started talking shit about twins for some reason i do n't know they seemed decent enough but they kind of kicked '' twins out of our group without my knowledge .
whenever someone was not present during our group they would always talk behind their back if anna was not there they would say things about her if the other girl was not there etc .
they would sometimes create tickle wars '' like a few times a week where they would just touch me all over my body and laugh when i cried because it triggered my bad past which they did not know although i asked them to not do it hundred times literally .
they would make fun of literally everything i do .
of my skin color of my eyes of my make up of my height they were all around 150-168cm 5'3 '' 5'5 '' whereas i was 175cm 5'9 '' .
i never had boyfriend by choice but they would set me up with shady people people who were known to rape '' or just use girls record it then make their lives hell .
at one point bree told me how she was setting up a guy to sleep with one of the twins and was going to get the video to blackmail them and i secretly let the girl know so she did not went through .
the shit they did is limitless sleeping with people in relationships to spite their girlfriends using people for money we were in a private school so they were all very wealthy anyway i just felt like i was drowning in drama .
i know people hate when girls say i do n't like females because of all the drama '' and that is exactly how i feel .
i am aware there are girls who is not into drama just like how i am but it is so hard to find those people .
i seem to get along really well with guys because of mindset and mutual interests gaming techy stuff but after my horrible experience with most girls in my life i ca n't seem to get past my resentment for females to try a new friendship .
at the university i made a new start and wanted to find a decent female friend and every girl i tried turned out to be full of drama .
and it is not about the type i choose these are all very different people and most of them i did not even chose myself projects and stuff .
now i can not seem to befriend a female without already being annoyed at them .
i can not really trust them as well after all the things females in my life did like seducing people in relationships and such i am not telling my boyfriend 19m to not befriend a female but i usually watch out for any signs in their relationships .
tl dr i had really bad experiences with females throughout my entire life and basically resent most of the females i come in contact with how can i fix this ?
i spend all day just hyper analyzing everything i do .
all i seem to think about is either friends i 've lost or the wrong things i 've said .
added alt click support for showing xp remaining until next level
i 've been using surfaces for a while but i also use a windows phone a lumina 1020 .
it 's getting a bit long in the tooth now and so i 've got a choice to continue with a windows phone 950xl or jump ship to an iphone .
why would i want an iphone over an integrated high-quality windows system ?
so i got interested in american football helmets tonight and my google search was disappointing .
i was expecting to see i wide variety of different types and prototype and to my surprise there 's surprisingly little diversity .
as i found out later there 's awful political and legal reasons for this as i read here here http www.popsci.com/science/article/2013-08/helmet-wars-and-new-helmet-could-protect-us-all .
particularly because one of the persons mentioned in the article is know for developing racing safety equipment the question occurred to me why do n't helmets break ?
i remember learning long ago how those awful race car crashes where you see with debris flying everywhere is actually a safety innovation .
the pieces that fly off of the car actually take that deadly powerful energy with it and safely away from the driver .
so why have n't we applied the same thinking to helmets ?
tl dr cars break into pieces to keep us safe why do n't football helmets ?
i hope riot do n't remove this future when new champion select come out .
i have a test that is really pissing me off and i think some 2 am punching bag work-up would help .
i bought a custom fetish clip from u/liz_103 and it was amazing !
great communication clip delivered on time and the video quality was excellent 1920x1080 60 with good lighting .
after having a number of unpleasant experiences with various sellers this one definitely more than made up for all of those .
i am extremely satisfied and look forward to doing more in the future !
hi guys and welcome to the character renewal for s5 .
this is not a sign up sheet so do n't tell me if you are choosing whatever character .
tell me in the comments if you are playing next season and if you are keeping this character ... yes or no .
i 'm just wondering if this is a good gaming pc and if it will be able to run most games with a good framerate .
titan 302 alt character fully experienced with blackspindle and touch of malice
i just found out the volunteer created feel the bern website that lists all of bernie 's positions on every issue has brand new flyers anybody can print off themselves and they are amazing .
they have an about bernie version and 23 other issue categories flyers all available in english and spanish .
perfect if you are going to a debate party this saturday like i am .
you can download them individually or all at once if you choose download complete kit .
i 'm not involved with the website at all .
i just downloaded these and am excited to share !
i just finished a game with argentina and now i 'm 80 years into an australia game they go pretty quickly because there is n't diplomacy to slow everything down .
in both games everything sort of dies on its arse around the 1910s .
in my argentina game i did n't get newspapers for about 15 years i think .
i mean it produces genuine earthshattering realisations profound and intellectual thoughts which at least the ones i write down seem entirely well constructed and coherent when i review them sober the next day accompanied with some of the most vibrant sensations i 've ever had .
i 'm listening to some james blake right now and the vibrations shaking inside my head feel like they 're bursting out in an explosion of visual audio .
my head feels a clear sense of clarity which i rarely feel otherwise i 'm able to concentrate on things with an intricate sense of detail .
i feel motivated to go out and do things improve the world along with myself i know motivation is n't sufficient alone but it does act as an initial drive .
maybe it 's just this blue dream i 've got right now or maybe it 's just the coincidental positive experiences i 've had i would love to hear if anyone else has similar feelings .
of course i still would n't ever use this realisation to justify getting high every day i 'm still not convinced that 's entirely without risks and that you could burn the novelty of enhanced perceptions with too frequent use .
do most people change or keep the default settings on anki ?
i 've started integrating it to get some of my info down .
i have a test next friday and i do n't know if i should alter the settings .
i 've read before that you should be just on the edge of forgetting '' your material when anki calls it up again .
anyways what settings do you guys use what exactly do they mean and what do you recommend ?
i just finished the keira metz side story by inviting her to kaer morhen and i 'm wondering what happens if you let her go to radovid with the notes .
does she end up dying or does she become rich ?
if what you say would spoil something later in the game for me please let me know and i wo n't inquire any further .
tom is holding risemonger his beloved pet rabbit when he suddenly feels the urge to kill the ball of fluff .
leaving the rabbit on the ground he goes quite a bit a way before quoting monty python and the holy grail and tossing a grenade at the rabbit
using the keyboard seems like it 'd be better smoother experience using the app if we could navigate around using directional keys
i 'm absolutely loving this game 30 hours atm but i 'm terrified of progressing through the story line for fear of canceling out other quests .
i started reading the black company by glen cook today and i 'm confused .
i have to say the book is unique as i 've never read a book that manages to make exciting events this dull .
what first comes to mind is someone who is making a first attempt at writing fantasy and doing so by taking some time after each tabletop roleplaying session to write everything down in the voice of his character .
i 'm no writer myself so maybe i 'd better show you what i mean .
no real spoilers here this is from the first chapter .
several cohorts from the fort barracks demanded a special donative before they would respond to a directive to restore order .
mercy 's platoon hastily established a strongpoint near the rubbish gate and held off all three cohorts .
most of our men were killed but none ran .
mercy himself lost an eye a finger was wounded in shoulder and hip and had more than a hundred holes in his shield when help arrived .
in the end the mutineers scattered rather then face the rest of the black company .
we lost almost a hundred brethren trying to suppress them .
in the groan the streets were carpet led with corpses .
clouds of vultures and ravens migrated from the countryside . ''
perhaps the author is trying to capture the inarticulate and dull mind of the common soldier but dull does not an adventure story make .
i flipped through a bit and to my surprise saw more of the same .
the author tells rather then shows anything and skips over large chunks of the narrative at whim .
now i 'm wanting to play it again but take my time and change up my play style .
looking for a stealth theif who mainly uses handguns and melee weapons .
just need to figure out what i 'm gon na do with my s.p.e.c.i.a.l .
long title ... but basically i picked up a product a few years ago from a brand called skinfare not indie it was called a 'heal ' coconut oil lotion stick .
this product was a miracle worker for me and i 've now learned that the company is no longer in business .
the ingredients were coconut oil palm fruit oil beeswax castor oil and an essential oil blend of palmarosa rosemary and helichrysum .
i 've been practicing extended dash dancing and b reversing for a few days now and i think i 'm getting the hang of it .
however during a match i always screw up and end up using side b or skidding during the ex dash dance .
i place my first order from swft sauce a few weeks ago and have been waiting to do a review on them since .
i first have to start off by saying if how my order was received and the communication from them was any indication on how their juice would be this review would not be good at all .
when i placed my order it was supposed to be shark attack shark blood and beach ball .
instead i received two shark attack 's and one blood and no beach ball which happened to be the one i wanted to try most .
so i did what any customer would do and i contacted them to let them know and got no response .
i followed up by emailing them 3 more times and still no response .
i finally did get a hold of the owner through facebook messenger and let him know what happened .
he was very apologetic and told me they would send me a new order .
this was great news but i last spoke to him on 11/4 and its now the 13th and i havent received anything .
i was going to wait to get the new order in but i am tired of waiting and decided to do the review on the two that i do have .
shark attack this one is supposed to taste like those amazing pink starburst we all grew up eating and sneaking out of others bags .
well i have had this one for two weeks now and all i can say is that its okay .
if i went into it blindly and didnt know it was pink starburst i would never guess that is what it was supposed to be .
you can definitely taste some sort of berry but its pretty muted and hard to nail down a direct flavor .
again its not bad but would i get it again probably not .
if i had to give it a score from 1-10 i would give it a 6 .
sharks blood this one is supposed to be watermelon and raspberries .
when i first got this i really didnt taste much at all but as the days went on the watermelon definitely started to come out .
its definitely a good bape with good vapor production ... i use 50/50 so i 'm more of a flavor chaser then a cloud chaser .
going in blind or not you will definitely know this is a watermelon flavored liquid and you can taste the berries on the backend as well .
if you enjoy those sweet watermelon vapes you will definitely enjoy this one .
i would give this one a 7.5 out of 10 .
as soon as i get it i will let you guys know .
thank you for your time and i hope this could be of some help .
i 'd be curious if a rash of fox or cnn videos getting freebooted would cause facebook to finally start taking action .
which kinda sucks cause they look so much better than clothes with random pieces of armour on ...
also it seems that with outfits you have so much more carry room due to how light they are is it a large trade off not wearing clothes with armour parts ?
oh also for armour parts i have found a bunch of legendary ones that do have pretty good stats such as take 15 less dmg from humans ''
i am 24 years old and i really like cartoons .
oh i am also new here so i would like someone to guide me d d
how do you get to the main brotherhood of steel camp ?
so far i 've only found danse and his recon team .
long story short i get stressed out when grocery shopping .
i have two small kids who find it incredibly boring and who gets a bit antsy when it drags out .
which means that when we 're about ready to go to the line they 're all over the place .
i get more stressed they get annoyed i get annoyed they stop listening to me because i 'm stressed and annoyed and not making sense to them they 're kids after all and they need short clear direct messages .
yesterday i had to rush home since my exhusband was having a bad day with his own stuff and i had to take the kids .
i do n't mind he 's a good friend and i care for him and the hell if i 'm leaving him hanging and since there was no food in the house me and the kids had to go out and fix that .
the kids were both a bit frazzled because they like all kids do worried about their dad and they were upset that a dad-day suddenly had become a mom-day .
and i was frazzled because my exhusband is n't doing well and i want him to .
so there we are and we 're in line the kids are all over the place and i shoot my daughter an annoyed glare and strict face to get her in line .
i did it without even thinking about it did n't even really notice until i felt the furrows in my face .
my gut just sank and i felt horrible i could literally feel myself look like my mom .
my daughter however mimicked my glare and then raised her arms in a confused i do n't understand this '' gesture .
no shame no guilt did n't hide did n't run to my side just responded to my completely confusing message in a fairly honest and valid way .
i realized my mom still makes that face at me when she disapprove of me or what i am doing and she feels like i should stop whatever i 'm doing and heel .
and my reaction to it is instant shame and guilt and embarrassment over being a bad child it has always been .
i 'm not making the same mistakes even when i do make the same mistakes .
after getting out of there we talked about what had happened my daughter understood but told me she did n't like it when i made that face we agreed that we need to use more words all of us and that we should be better at setting each other up for success when doing stuff we know get us going in some way .
we 're going to practice and it 's okay if we do n't make it on the first try .
my six year old daughter is more mature than my sixty year old mom .
i want to get a consensus of tgsps that are actually ready to be sold .
ready to go guaranteed to get the newest stock and not an old incomplete version not on pre-order
purchased the yoozon one but a couple of the corners do not adhere to the phone due to the curvature of the phone .
i come not looking only for an extra help to reach the lighthouse but to find people able to help me to improve my skills con destiny 's pvp .
i ' m also looking to increase my friends list and a better social experience in the game .
and with time i hope to be able to help others by myself .
i play on ps4 and i 'm from spain so it 's a really good experience to improve my english level too sorry if i make mistakes .
i already read these papers from the forum https www.reddit.com/r/destinythegame/comments/36xdi8/trials_of_osiris_tips_for_the_average_player_or https www.reddit.com/r/destinythegame/comments/37bbr5/trials_of_osiris_32_general_tips_to_ease_the_pain ? sort=confidence https www.reddit.com/r/cruciblesherpa/comments/3kezqh/welcome_to_crucible_sherpa so i think it 's time to take the next level !
what 's the next step to be one of you ?
my sister just got her engagement photos back and they were gorgeous ... but there were hardly any where you could see her fh !
in almost every picture she was the center of attention and he was sort of like a prop in the background .
he was holding her kissing her on the cheek walking while she turned around etc .
she said that while they were taking the pictures she did n't even notice but once the pictures came back it was quite obvious .
his side of the family definitely noticed and i think they were disappointed especially his mother .
out of a hundred or so pictures we only found about 5 that we really liked and you could see both of them clearly .
if you look on pinterest all of the popular engagement photos follow this trend .
this was something that did n't even cross my mind so i thought i 'd share .
i plan on making sure that our photographer understands our stance on this .
i just subscribed the coach completed my first week and i am looking for competitive people to motivate and share our freeletics journey !
if your looking for the same follow me maxim sriam https www.freeletics.com/en/users/2367942/feed
you can also post your username below if you want other to follow you too !
i tend to play stealthily and i 'm tired of sneaking up on a group of people and have him start barking and charging in .
i do n't want to command him to wait every time i see a group because then he 's useless when i do finally engage .
like our beloved rockets we started this season slow but we are back with our first podcast of 2015/16 !
we talk about what we missed the game we went to at the staples center the game we should n't have lost to the nets and answer some listener questions .
and they charge you like 5 to cross you they got a monopoly going there
hiya reddit me and a few others are setting up an e-sports bar in the centre of the netherlands utrecht .
while most of us play a crapload of lol we 'd like to cater to other gamers and games as well .
during our quest for world domination we 've encountered the following problem .
we ca n't seem to find any website or whatever with a complete and comprehensive e-sports calendar which includes all games .
most of them are just focused on a few games or just one and most of them are all but complete .
i 've tried looking for a 2016 schedule for lol but came up emptyhanded .
so as you may have guessed we need a little help a lot with farming all the info to be able to create a complete and comprehensive e-sports calender which includes all games with an e-sports scene .
our goal is to combine all events from all e-sport 'supported ' games into one big calendar available to anyone interested or gamers trying to look up matches and events from multiple games which was our biggest frustration
when you 're playing multiple games say cs go and lol you 're screwed if you want to look up matches or events where both games are played .
there is no website dedicated to showing these kinds of things .
if you have any tips or suggestions websites we could use to combine these things skills or tricks you could show us please reply !
hi i just wan na ask if anyone encountered a game breaking bug heading into vault 81 after gaining access into 81 if you have successfully talked your way into it they tell you to head to the lift to access the common areas but the door past the radiation scanners and the doctor is labelled as inaccessible and i ca n't progress beyond the vault entrance area .
just wondering if anyone has encountered the issue or if you have gained access into the vault what did you do ?
first time posting but i 'd really like the veteran or non veteran social workers view on my current position and if i 'm making the right decision .
i currently work as a supports coordinator case manager basically for adults with developmental disabilities .
i have been working at this position for almost a year but the stress has started to pile up .
i have a caseload of 30 people but it 's different than full mi case management due to the need for guardians other supports and connecting to services .
i have no motivation to do this job anymore but i am feeling pretty happy and relaxed now that i 've checked out .
i tend to get headaches when i come to work and i 've noticed i really do n't want to even visit people anymore .
the team is pretty small and the program is a few years old but i want to request a transfer to a different part of the hospital ... maybe addiction services .
i 'm planning on going back for my msw next fall but this current position stresses me out so much that it is hard to focus on much else or my personal goals .
also my supervisor asked me if i 'd be open to becoming an assistant supervisor for this program and have half a caseload and i said yes but now i do n't want to be even more overworked for .50 raise or something .
when i transferred from my other position i transferred from working with teens in a locked facility ... too many er visits scars and pain from that job they had me sign an agreement to not drive company vehicles after i already started so i had to drive my own car to all my visits .
they would reimburse my full mileage request 200 a month ... that 's a lot of miles on my car but they recently capped it at 50/month so i do n't get mileage reimbursement for all of the miles i put on my car .
i recently put 1500 into my car and all that work is just going to be poured back into the organization without reimbursement .
our supervisor runs two entirely separate teams so she has 20 hours with us and is constantly at other meetings .
i 've stopped going to her for questions and our supervision meetings will be rescheduled when she has a different meeting to attend .
she is so spread thin that i do n't even view her as a supervisor ... just a road block to getting my authorizations sent in since i need her signature .
a part time supervisor for a social work case management program is not enough at all .
our workload keeps increasing but supervision and our pay stays the same .
the system is falling apart due to budget cuts so we have no answers for people no time to truly find the answers and angry clients/guardians/families .
other services are n't taking referrals and programs are shutting down due to mismanagement in our county .
several of my coworkers are over stressed and talk about quitting every day .
they give us if they have enough money bonuses at the end of the month if we saw all of our clients kept up on documentation etc .
they told us it is there to bring us up to the market value of what other organizations pay supports coordinators but if we do n't jump through all of their hoops and have a good month we do n't get the full bonus .
i could go on and on but really i am unhappy here and would like input on how you think this program is run and if i should request a transfer based on the details i provided .
i requested the transfer yesterday and it went surprisingly well .
my supervisor was disappointed to lose me but offered to help me through my last month and will contact supervisors of the other program to set up a meeting .
what does it do and where can i find it in the workshop ?
check my flair for specs there is no way that i can only achieve 30 fps with my rig but no matter what combination of graphic settings i try nothing changes .
i have been pining for vote weight to come back for ... what a year ?
and i think it might be the 1 thing everyone wants .
is it possible to release something that just patches that up ?
sorry definitely do n't mean to sound hostile if that 's what it 's coming off as i just think this for hours a day every day
i 'm about 2 weeks into rocket league and suck pretty hard .
i 'm hovering around bronze 3 at the moment in 2v2 and was hoping to get some tips around specific scenarios i keep getting stuck in .
i have no momentum and ball is lobbed directly above me .
it 's got no real sideways movement pretty much floating straight up and coming back down .
i know opponent is going to get a free shot and the camera is looking straight up at the ceiling .
again no momentum and ball is stationary on the ground outside of my turning circle .
i want to set myself up for a shot .
both opponents are sitting stationary in their goal mouth .
it 's a clusterfuck with all players slowly circling a stationary ball .
people are making occasional soft contact with random double jumps and backflips etc .
i 'm attempting to dribble the ball to opponents goal .
the ball is 100 on the ground with no bounce .
opponent is waiting for me to shoot but i never manage to shoot the ball high and with enough power to beat them .
is there a way to easily get the ball bouncing from this position ?
got rica theo and sig at the same time also got briand and chloe .
i can clear toa 100n and stuck on 50h .
can clear db10 in 5-7 minutes going right dragon .
so esea is ranking players based on their rws .
i feel like this system is bad for me because my playstyle is passive support rifler and i 've got used to playing mm with friends and this has made me reliant on communication and making plays with other people but on esea soloq the communication is n't so good and i feel like ca n't trust my teammates watching my back and they end up just using me as a bait to get their rws higher .
my own rws is bouncing between 6-10 in my games .
should i alter my playstyle to more aggressive in hopes of ranking higher or just stop playing esea ?
rotring 600 0.35mm is the best writing utensil i 've ever used .
unfortunetely i have n't found a pen anywhere close to the quality/experience .
i actually seriously hate using pens because they do n't feel as smooth effortless balanced including quality construction etc .
i have a lamy 2000 adjusted by a nibmeister professional 160+50 adjustment but i do n't feel confortable using it in everyday studying/carry .
i looked into the pilot hi tech c. i 'm gon na buy the metal version maica one .
edit sorry if i did n't make it clear oops i was leaning toward a non-fp because although fountain pens and mechanical pencils both write smooth soft buttery lines fountain pens are too finicky and delicate esp making aggressive movements cross outs writing at top speed to get something out that you break lead multiple times in enthusiasm even some drawing aspects there are more reasons but that alone is why i do n't even want a fp as a complement to my rotring throne .
despite previously owning a pelikan sailor twsbi eversharp sheaffer etc .
i sold them all because my lamy was 1 and i never ever ever use it
tell me if i 'm wrong and what are good ideas but i use my pencil 98 of the time .
that 2 is for school testing submitting work engineering student etc .
i hate my lamy pico pilot g2 v5 bic etc .
they are all scratchy or not smooth or feel like crap .
did n't reply to everyone but i appreciate everyones reply so far just do n't want to appear obnoxious by commenting in every single one .
basically i 've actually bothered setting things up so i can attain some lsd .
the problem is i have no close friends to keep an eye on me and i can not realistically do it in the privacy of my own home .
is there any way to safely set this up or am i wasting my time ?
i am going to be doing a ck2 series for youtube and want to know if the music will get claimed ?
i ran into this issue with hoi 3 so i want to make sure .
additional rule if you die in the process you will be returned to your normal life unharmed .
my boyfriend and i have been together for almost 5 years and live together in sf .
a few months into our relationship i shared my biggest turn on with him which is letting my bf/partner get fucked by other guys .
he told me he is n't comfortable being open because he would be too jealous if i fucked other guys ... it took a few weeks of convincing and a promise by me to stay faithful but he agreed to try it out .
my bf and i are both in our early 30 's i am white and he is a twinky asian .
he has met up with a few guys who fucked him and got on prep because he loves being filled with cum .
our only rule is that he tells me when he gets fucked though he sometimes forgets '' .
at one point i asked him if we should think of any other rules/limits and he said he did n't want any other rules because it 's hotter without them i wo n't lie it made me hard when he said that .
he tends to like having ongoing relationships with his tops and met a new guy david '' a couple months ago .
they have fucked 4-5 times so far but i have not been able to watch yet it has been kinda hard to find guys that he is into who want to be watched ... working on finding an alpha who will proudly breed my boy in front of me they always fuck at our place when i 'm at work or out .
i went out for drinks in the castro with some friends this evening and my boy stayed in .
i texted him as i was walking back to our apartment to let him know he was coming home and he told me to wait because david was coming over to fuck him .
i get so turned on when he texts me that he is going to get fucked .
i basically had to wait in our back yard and play on my phone until he let me know that david was finished with him .
in a moment of inspiration i realized we have a nanny can in our living room so we can monitor our neurotic dog when we are at work that would n't let me see anything but has audio ! !
i turned it on and unfortunately the tv was on but i could definitely hear my boy moaning softly .
i wanted to jack off so fucking bad but our back yard is a common area and i wanted to save my load for sloppy seconds .
it was n't long before my boys ' moans grow louder and our bed squeaking .
i seriously ca n't remember the last time he moaned that loud or that much when i fucked him ... my dick was as hard as possible and leaking precum listening to another man make him moan so much and knowing that this guy was pumping his raw dick into my boy 's hole bare .
david has more stamina than me and they fucked for almost 40 mins before they really started to go at it banging the headboard against the wall and my boy saying are you gon na cum ? ''
i could n't make out exactly what david replied with but it made my boy moan even louder and start saying cum in me '' cum inside me '' and lots of fucks '' and my boy basically begging for this guy to breed him .
all the sudden david and yelled out oh fuck !
i 'm gon na cum in you '' and my boy moan fuck yes !
a few minutes later i got the text he just left '' and practically ran upstairs to eat his freshly bred hole .
so hot smelling an tasting david 's cum on his ass while my boy told me how they fucked and how good it made his hole feel .
after a few minutes of that i could resist any more and slipped my dick inside his cum filled hole .
he came a lot and felt so good fucking into this guy 's cum .
after some dirty talk where is asked things like did he fuck you good baby did he make your hole feel good ? ''
etc and my boy moaning and telling responding that yeah david fucked him really fucking good .
i really wish i could have fucked him half as good and long as david but when my boy told me to fuck his cum in him deep i could n't hold it in and flooded his ass with my sperm ... i literally lasted like 5 fucking minutes .
i mean thank goodness they made that change to dark phoenix ...
i do n't even know if it 's lost or just hidden
edit tried adding new stuff the old stuff does n't seem to show still
i am a senior in college pursing a cs degree .
i failed a couple classes and lost money from my scholarship .
after that semester i was shaken up because i had never struggled in academics .
over this past year i learned that grades were not the most important thing .
but myself is a college stoner who just recently turned 21 .
i used to work out a lot now i rarely do .
i 've had to drop 2 classes this semester because i did n't understand the material or i started my assignments late .
i know i 'm better off than most people .
and the thing is i understand and agree with all of that .
i know exactly what i need to do in order to put myself on the success path .
congress gets butthurt if modi taunts them in front of indian diaspora but now has started a full blown proxy war against the country 's own prime minister .
these people have absolutely no respect for the prime minister and the mandate that he comes with .
it 's disgusting itself that these people write letters to us government to not allow elected representative of the people of gujarat into us pressurize uk government and threaten to sabotage bilateral relations of two nations just to get back at lalit modi for what he did to tharoor ... but this time they 've crossed all limits !
i do n't know why but one of my main obsessions is worrying that i might have lyme but just not know it .
the symptoms are so vast it 's hard not to worry about it .
recently i started thinking about getting tested but am stumped because the test is 400-500 and i really do n't want to spend that kind of money to get told that i 'm completely fine .
does anyone have any experience with lyme or know someone who 's dealt with it ?
should i just spend the money so it 's off my mind or just tell myself i 'm being a total hypochondriac and i 'm totally healthy ?
in the post the guy is freaking out because a musician i think he was metal that he vividly remembers being alive the last couple of years is actually dead .
he 's like really confused and freaking out and all the comments are trying to comfort him .
basically i 've stored everything at sanctuary workbench the entire game how do i take it all to castle ?
to join add your gamertag to the game lobby here https www.the100.io/quick_join/cqsoaf9-yuk https www.the100.io/quick_join/cqsoaf9-yuk
or you can reply to me here on reddit .
i 'll send invites on a first come first serve basis .
you can also use the chat on the game lobby page to communicate with me .
it seems to me like some episodes of los have the volume weirdly turned down for some reason .
for example episode 47 is practically half the volume of 48 .
i often listen from my phone or laptop speakers and i ca n't hear it if i 'm any distance away from them .
the title of your submission appears to contain only non-standard characters or is entirely in upper case .
please resubmit with a title with lower case letters .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dota2 if you have any questions or concerns .
based on all of the victim blaming here it would seem that many people do not realize that dash cams use a wide angle lens .
the car was much closer than it appeared when it pulled out into the intersection .
there are plans for this and designs are being finalised but we do n't have a date for when this is due .
until then we will be changing how public skill ratings psr are taken into account to allow for closer matches .
while i do n't know if obesity has any effect on the efficiency of the metabolic mechanism i do know that fatty acids are one of the most inefficient energy sources and the main reasons for death from starvation are due to tissue degradation and various cardiovascular issues and i can see how a unhealthy couch potato would die way before his body fat drops anywhere near to single digits.. thus giving the illusion mentioned in the op .
it would be nice if someone who is more knowledgeable on the topic can do a myth busting on this one .
actually if they 're unwashed its fine to keep them on the bench top as long as it 's not super hot .
commercial eggs in america are powder washed because the factory farmed chooks often have salmonella .
i personally never keep eggs in the fridge but mine come from the neighbours backyard .
maybe this was true in 90s era trance and stuff ... now but especially 1 or 2 years back hits '' are n't about melody sometimes melodies are simple and dull but what 's make it a hit is some original idea sample or just high energy ''
britney spears was 16 and she was sexualised a fair bit i mean look at the comments in any video of hit me baby one more time which so should have been a rhianna song .
edit i was also 16 when hit me baby one more time came out so fuck you downvoters !
insecurities that you know a bit more than usual .
if you keep reading this you see i address that .
i do n't disagree it was shocking defending but the linesman made the correct call imo .
i 'm fairly convinced r/cringeanarchy contains a lot of closeted red pill users because their are barely ever any posts from r/theredpill featured .
you should put this on the baby bumps subreddit if you have n't already .
i would have loved to get this kind of inspiration at 38 weeks !
just keep saluting and thanking them for their service '' .
besides already mentioned examples type class can also be used when you need polymorphic behavior but type erasure prevent you from doing so .
it 's an alternative to creating a wrapper for your objects which would supply type dependent behavior that you could n't put inside said class .
it also gives you some flexibility as you can can change the behavior without modifying class you work on .
£280m above book value a good deal on the face of it .
not exactly a superstition but i like doing things that superstitious people consider bad luck because fuck 'em they 're being dumb .
if you want to beat gr tron then play crumble from dust from bfz set
i 've never done this before and i was almost contemplating speech therapy when i heard my own recording .
i tried line 1 again as you suggested and i hope it 's going towards the right direction .
and gosh thanks for line 2 i fixed that as well !
by capturing tell hadiya they will also cut the m5 highway .
seems like the rumors of rebel counter offensive were indeed a cheap propaganda .
after saa and allies cuts the highway they will probably try to take taftanaz .
it 's clear to me that the biggest motivation for the shia fighters are fuah and kafraya .
so a bit tricky to find a great english speaking might be hard .
any time i 'm out with my dad and he 's being stubborn about stopping someplace all it takes is to say that i need to change a pad and he 's just done .
also his base hp is so high that you can easily reach 40k hp with not so many hp subs even with spd in slot two .
this imagined sudden change in behaviour '' is anecdotal evidence .
it is just your experience you either have a streak of bad luck or are cherry picking situations .
every time this type of topic emerges i cringe .
omg i played 3 games and the germans were not climbing '' ... yeah
just need to find someone to help make them feel better ... looking for volunteers ?
my brother is coming over to my side of the mountains for a late birthday celebration !
we 'll probably grab a bite to eat go to the casino then watch the brazilian grand prix !
tv status finished airing episodes 23 genres comedy drama romance school slice of life supernatural
clannad after story mal http myanimelist.net/anime/4181 a-p http www.anime-planet.com/anime/clannad-after-story hb https hummingbird.me/anime/clannad-after-story ani http anilist.co/anime/4181
tv status finished airing episodes 24 genres drama fantasy romance slice of life supernatural
germany does but they also fudge their stats a lot .
for example people working unpaid internships are employed '' or people working for a few hundred euros a month are employed '' .
a lot of these people are students or entry-level long-term interns '' .
i still think it 's great for getting people experience but it 's pretty clear the businesses abuse the ability to pay people little to nothing .
they recently implemented a minimum wage in german but you can use these loopholes to avoid paying people .
the government 's happy because the unemployment stats look low .
i care but not because people are talking behind my back but because i strongly dislike people that are two faced .
i 'm sure i 'll survive the winter if you think i 'm a fuck nut and dislike me but do n't pretend were friends then laugh about me or some shit when your around other better '' people .
last time i saw his stream he was using a green crosshair w outline and it was style 5 .
edit someone donated to him and asked him he showed in console it was style 5 from memory
totally tempting to buy our nines jersey with our participation gold star ...
this is fucking disgusting and fucking amazing at the same time .
also the clot looks like a giant black bot fly larva .
how does the blood stop from overflowing after the clot has been removed in this procedure ?
good but tons of wasted potential that i 'm hoping they realize in ffxv .
this shit about not shooting at the end of the games is so retarded .
it 's a fucking sport you are supposed to score .
in ten years you could very well have caught up with the past twenty seasons though ?
if you were to extend the metaphor to genres that have been around for longer than hip-hop then no young people can hardcore fans according to that logic .
unless i read you wrong and you meant have n't listened to rap prior to 2005 '' as in have n't listened to records released before 2005 rather than started listening to rap in 2005
advantages they grow sloooow it usually takes me about a month or a month and a half before noticing any hair and it is a fairly accessible area that you can wax by yourself
disadvantages it 's a little bit painful at the beginning but you get used to the feeling as you wax more and more
gently he pressed the apex of the shell expecting a delicious fragrance but instead the disgusting stench of rotten corpses https www.reddit.com/r/oprpgshop/comments/3shun5/stormford_general/cwyn7cf ? context=3 hit him .
he quickly pulled his thumb off the tip to prevent the smell from spreading to the room and making everyone sick !
all he knew about the dials was that they had to be fed with the substance they could emit .
he exclaimed woah that 's a flavor dial sir !
i 'm wiki i 'll tell you all about it !
the flavor dial 匂貝（フレイバーダイアル） fureibā daiaru ? literally translated as flavor shell '' can store smells and aromas along with other types of gas such as explosive and flammable ones .
while the breath dial can also store such things the flavor dial is the most effective dial for this and does not release the scents and gasses in a short burst like the breath dial ! ''
would you like me to put something good in it ? ''
you see whenever i eat raw human meat it always lacks a certain punch .
he said and quickly came back out after a visit in the kitchen .
gin sat down with his flavor dial and its new spices .
he wished a certain someone would have been here to celebrate with him drink with him and share a meal with him .
is there a certain way to always perform a low jump like you do inside of a building as shown by the guy on the left ?
windows 10 irrelevant ini and txt files need to use explorer search to find the actual file
saying the inhabitants of los angeles are americans is like saying that syrian refugees are european .
we lost that city back to mexico a long time ago .
bluescreen of death is a long-time established community we started up around wildstars launch .
starting back on eko we have since beaten several bosses and are progressed in datascape 6/6 in ga and 5/9 in ds
we recently had a summer break and are looking to recruit some new members .
we are looking for both social players aswell as raiders to fill our roster .
with a friendly background and dedicated raids we are looking to clear all raid content .
currently we raid 3 days a week wednesday sunday and monday .
we are aiming to go for ds but will occasionally also raid ga to get people attuned and have some fun .
raid times are 19.45 till 23.45 cest 1 uk time which means we raid 3,5 hours .
besides raiding we have numerous of other activities we do like having lore trivia 's hosted by our one and only lore junky housing events costume events or other events hosted in guild pvp and more !
all applications will be considered but at this point we are especially looking to recruit raiders of the following classes/roles
if you 'd like more information or are interested in joining feel free to whisper any of the officers taqi spinningtaqi dr seknall insane cloaks post a message in here or apply at our website !
since they are doing the anime read one punch man
i keep 6 cores in the two racks that i store my bos t-60 armor sets in aboard the prydwen as backup but i cary the rest with me .
imo it should be temporary and only awarded in cases where one spouse was a long-term stay-at-home parent .
i 've forgotten studied to become san electrician some 20 years ago how this parallel circuit would affect the out voltage so please do some googling..
edit 3.3v connected to rpi and read high/low is the main idea .
you 're thinking kurt vonnegut but i was talkin ' snatcher .
guess no one here has played it so never mind .
my dota folder alone is 45gb 45 gb of a game which should be 5-7
it 's not more than 15gb now unless you have tons of replays .
it would be the best choice to either teach her the basic mechanics of a car tell her to turn the car off and get you to have a look at it if it makes strange noises or just get her her own car which she has to pay for .
in my experience having to pay for it leads to learning how not to break it .
i got my daughter a dog 2 years ago she is a beagle also ... .best dogs ever
does the student listen to professional french horn players ?
have they ever heard a professional french horn player ?
renee is alive because noah had the penny guy delete his memory when they went back in time .
it 's important to note that in the heien case the officer 's mistake was only allowed because the law itself was objectively unclear .
worst as in an unbelievable or worst as in most despicable ?
i 'm a big skeptic on these flash in the pan guys and while i 'm still not convinced that he can keep up the production we 've seen so far i think he 's proven that he 's a quality player off the bench .
i still want to see how he responds when he has a slump for a few games .
if he can find a level of consistency anywhere near what we have seen so far he 's a solid bench player .
if he improves and gains a 3 point shot he 'll be a legitimate starter .
i think that 's his ceiling and i 'm optimistic that he can do it .
nah for the most part most games wo n't use the hyperthreading and you 're better with more power .
it has gotten quite a bit more female players since it first came out though .
have you checked out endless sky https endless-sky.github.io or naev http blog.naev.org ?
both are pretty similar but obviously not as awesome to ev .
but just being there is enough to know that bastard is doing crooked stuff .
he 's doing better in the polls now than obama was in 11/07
2016 is a big election year and advertising costs will increase substantially regardless of what happens with daily fantasy leagues .
since i will be just joining i highly doubt it 's my place to ask to mess with it so quick .
maybe after a few months i will see what i can do .
what i 'm thinking about is switching them over to word press .
that away the thing with auto update and there is very little to no coding for them .
i 'm just not sure if i have the time to really keep it updated with events .
and personally i think that should be the secretary job since they should know everything that is going on .
this is the best form of motivation in our fight .
just gowipe with backend hogs or goho since you do n't have witches
so now he 's going to remain on the pp1 unit
does fandango already look defeated when he makes his entrance ?
dude legit looked like he didnt want to be there .
well i got that far p i 've played it before .
but the only options i have under bonus is gun game ground war and mercenary moshpit .
i wan na add that our phones are smaller .
i 've read my books in a train one-handed standing up with my earphones plugged in .
and to emphasize on the another device '' issue when i receive texts or emails i do n't have to swap devices to read the texts !
i almost exclusively play hckc and playing with a clan is always more fun imo .
i 'm not too concerned about the kicked out part i 'm talking about the whole working 20 hours and to be forced to volunteer surely thats not volunteering if you 're not wanting to do it .
they 've said getting a job that you be paid for does not count whatsoever
i feel like you 're missing the point of what i 'm trying to say .
i 'm mentioning my lackluster results with practice because the only advice i 've really been getting is get better '' .
yes i practice daily and i 'm dedicated to improving and i will keep training no matter how little it seems to help .
but i 'm already doing what 's being suggested so is there anything else i can work on ?
i 'm not saying that practice is n't helping or that it will never help me .
i 'm sure if i keep working at it i will improve .
it 's just that at least for the time-being i 'm not making any advances in this part of the game so i might as well start looking into other areas as well .
if the only way to get good is to just get good i will happily keep practicing and even if there are other ways to improve i will still keep practicing .
i will practice and try to be the best player i can be as long as i keep playing this game .
but i 'm trying to ask for tips not necessarily on how to be a killing machine but just as a good team player in a random environment .
we need zach to play out of his mind to have a chance tonight
it 's merchandise but people treat it like it 's a religion .
to me the excitement for the force awakens is like watching people line up for the latest iphone .
i ca n't get excited for either one because they are product .
do n't push yourself for speed or anything like that .
just work on completing it and following the program .
oh she gets lots of compliments but not so much that she gets a big head .
he 's not a socialist '' but he pushes a lot of socialist ideas that are contrary to paul 's libertarian views .
may alam ako sa paglilihi sabi nila pag matamis daw ang pinaglihian mo babae daw magiging anak mo .
that logic does n't work in this situation because i was born in the same context .
lololol miller is engaged by the way but not to his stick . ''
an assassination or two however i try to avoid those . ''
you were submitted by u/logik8469 to r/funny and you were taken away from us way too early .
please note that this bot has nothing to do with the deletion of your post .
ever feared that your daughters women would be sexually abused ?
if you 're too ignorant to see that saying asylum seekers are complaining about the food they get .
look at this one he thinks nivea is yogurt ! ''
is racist then you are too racist to reason with .
idk if it 'd help you anymore but at the repair shop i used to work at we used a program called minitool power data recovery .
i think if you have the free version it limits you to recovering like 1gb at a time .
there are ... plenty of ways to get the technician license ... that if you 're really curious about you can look up yourself .
but it pulls all kinds of stuff off even if you ca n't find anything normally or through linux .
granted it does have its limits but it 's always pulled nearly everything off for me .
once i managed to get back like 90/100gb of pictures and music and stuff that had been deleted a week ago on my os drive .
i just dropped his charmin ass and picked up rawls in the one league i had asj .
he 's back to being curry after taking a little break for 2 or 3 games
most ships have a wizard so the two wizards battle to keep the other from sinking their ship .
i do believe op should call them and they should cancel the transaction .
but he tried to pull a fast one so gap responded by pulling a fast one .
they want to make shooting more expensive to get more people to give up the hobby .
then hopefully with less shooters in the future they with have the electorate necessary to pass the bans and confiscations they really want .
but in the meantime the extra cash will be nice .
well chimera just answered the question of why he is out there on the pp !
as much as i love this fight and ca n't wait to see ...
the injury allowed two female fights to headline a stadium card that will highly like break all ufc attendance records as well as actual pride attendance records the 90k shit according to dave meltzer are likely fantasy
ronda/holm is huge but adding another badass female in joanna in the co-main .
this is beyond mma and i 'm very happy for it .
revolution is kind of what is happening at least that 's how i felt .
it 's too bad ronda has a lot a lot of negative insecure-like aspects to her but overall she 's a decent role model of succeeding in a man 's world '' .
so since this is a full retail release it 's probably 60 dollars
need to take this maintenance ladder up to the ai core .
i swear to god if they hurt clementine ... .
but also mileage is a pretty big part of the equation .
i am comparing this car 220k miles to something 100k miles less !
that 's 100k miles less on every part of the car also depending on the owner and what parts have been replaced and such .
you ca n't quit what you did n't get into in the first place .
this deer cutting is totally out of place and hilarious
lavine has no idea where he is on the floor
we can expect 3 more games of color rush jerseys .
first of all the person she is hurting in all this is her son/your husband .
of course she never liked anyone that her children brought home .
narcs hate it when we love someone else because it diminishes their power and control over us .
she will always blame you for the fact that her son does n't see her as the perfect amazing mother that she is .
where you go from here depends on what you can tolerate .
it would be perfectly reasonable for you to say nothing or to say something like since you think i am rude ungrateful and ridiculous i can not imagine why you would wish to have any more contact with me .
i 've checked with husband and he is not hurt at all by this decision . ''
or if it 's possible and this is totally an individual thing you can just not take her seriously .
she might be trainable to a degree if you and your husband agree that any time she is mean to you you simply get up and go home or hang up the phone or whatever .
you do n't need to tell her really it 's b. f. skinner stuff if she is pleasant she is rewarded with attention if she is mean she gets the negative consequence of being ignored .
do n't waste energy getting mad she likes that .
think of her as a science experiment like you 're studying a chimpanzee or something .
narcs are quite fascinating once you know that you can set boundaries and they do n't have any power over you .
again whether this is feasible depends on your husband who sounds awesome and yourself and just how bad she is and how much it gets to you .
if you are n't in a place where you can let her insults just sort of bounce off you without hurting you then nc is probably better .
neither option is better or worse it 's just what you can or will tolerate .
you 'll be shooting in the dark when you are expecting there to be light with that light ...
at least with the ammo you will have more practice ...
apparently they started filming it with an unfinished script so that might have helped
oh he is gay henny my radar is on point
and for some fucking reason and miracle sam is also awake and on a jog shade probably being able to see her stop by the pelican https www.reddit.com/r/bloodgulchrp/comments/3snfze/odd_behavior/cwytdn5 before going back to her jog and subsequently stop by where he 's sitting slightly out of breath and with the music still playing from her headphones that now are hanging from her neck .
i 've been seriously considering movie to pnw lately .
anyone from there that would n't mind answering some questions about moving there pm me please !
players in this league should be forced to speak english .
actually i do n't know much at all about laws of service animals etc in the netherlands and not at all in canada .
so i 'm not sure what to post about that .
you do not have to be a great scientist to figure out that the reports were for not being up to par either by being too bad or due to not taking it seriously .
your best bet is to grind hunts and law-tome giving dungeons like fractal continuum and neverreap .
those two dungeons in particular will unlock a roulette which you can do daily for bonus law and esoterics .
once you reach i170 alexander normal is a good way to climb up a bit too as the gear from there is i190 and there 's no cap on drops now but the queues are likely to be a bit longer now that we have access to less painful ways to get i200 gear .
once you get through the story you 'll want to unlock the new dungeons and run those too as they drop i185 gear that you can use to boost your level even more .
as you get closer to i180 running void ark and the diadem will probably be enough to get you started on the climb to i200 .
you follow my ideals to a t. unfortunately we have no good candidate on either side .
when i hit a notification from the action center the app opens and stays on the splash screen .
help reddit turned spanish and i can not undo it !
i got t-bagged after the opening round on too .
i did n't really understand it because he got 0 kills .
personally i have x y c and f bound for the grenades .
when im in spawn i just have to hit those to buy them as well
what is the name of your guild and how would this merging work
i know i still have d/d but no more reroll tickets so i guess i will just have to let my asussneak lead the way .
always thrilling adventure hour james bonding feab the indoor kids you made it weird dining with doug and karen .
sometimes jv club and chewin ' it with kevin and steve
one day at a time i wish you the best of luck i 've been there .
i imagine the pc loves telling stories and stuff but gets very angry when people seem uninterested or walk out midway or interrupt him .
the amd ones i know they have usually much better performance over the years the nvidia ones are what scares me but hey since you had that 8800gt for 4-5 years that makes me more confident
by doing evil to combat evil you justify evil being done against you .
if you guys were not so impatient and bought all the materials on the tp instead of farming them ... it would not cost so much .
i agree with him but saying that is n't going to help his already low popularity ...
from what i could tell the issue is n't so much that candace is bitchy .
i think it 's that she comes across as totally disingenuous she never shuts up and she tries to make other peoples ' issues all about her .
for example when it was swapnil 's time with tim and tim was talking about how he did n't live up to his full potential candace had to interrupt them both with her dramatic i wanted to wring his neck !
she had to make sure she got in her camera time and her two cents when the focus was on other designers .
so i do n't think it comes from a place of she 's a bitch '' so much as she 's a drama queen attention whore who never shuts up . ''
when the other designers were leaving the room as she was talking i heard one of them i think it was blake say but she never shuts up ever . ''
i love following everything this guy does this easily goes into my favorites bit biased i have t-mobile lol !
kind of odd placement though next to a jaffa cake factory .
it helps that charles dance was butchering an actual deer http www.telegraph.co.uk/culture/tvandradio/game-of-thrones/9160274/behind-the-scenes-on-game-of-thrones.html in that scene .
afaik if an ability has no damage amount listed but does damage its damage will be your physical/magic attack depending on if it 's a physical or magical ability .
fire and ice wall are the only abilities i 'm aware of that do n't have a figure listed though .
interesting to see what they do with tyler johnson .
he 's played pretty good this season in the backup pg role .
wonder if he 'll ask/demand starter '' type money .
miami already have dragic and his lucrative contract on their books so they may not wish to dish out 5-8 million/year for johnson despite his promise and upside .
as for everyone else whiteside will get the maximum he 's slowly becoming a franchise center .
haslem is either returning on a veteran deal or retiring .
wade may do another 1+1 deal to be honest if he doesnt want to take a discount deal he 'll sign another 20 million dollar deal for a year and then try and cash in again in 2017 .
he might continue doing this until he retires or no longer can pull that kind of leverage .
they also got amare and gerald green coming off the books next summer .
do n't think they 'll make much of a run at stat unless its the veterans minimum again .
have no idea what they 'll do with green .
he could be a great player off the bench but has already run into some trouble in south beach .
40 for an eigth is ok but 60 is crazy
they all look shit and they look even worse than that for nearly everyone since most of us end up getting warn down versions that are rubbed off in places .
the united states has secret courts where defendants are not allowed to see the evidence against them .
if lawn were that much ... that would be awful !
neck looks a bit long though that supposed to be like that ?
i tried to do something similar the other day but nothing ever comes on even .
everything is always a few feet too high or too low.. is there a way to adjust height so that its even with the castle walls ?
i 'm not fucking suggesting he is wrong in the wrong his fault or any other words you wish to put in my mouth .
anyone who follows the sport of mma and saw how santos looks knows that there is no way for him to get to 190 again before the fight .
all i 'm saying is that a guy that claims to be the best ww in the world should n't have that much of a problem whooping some journeyman 's ass especially if there 's a nice paycheck at the end of it 50 k win bonus 20 of sampo 's purse getting revenge for that fake eye injury '' and all of that without risking his title .
i kind of did n't get your point until i thought about it again .
i guess it comes down to the discussion that was going on whether it 's chloe being alive that causes the storm a change of fate so to speak or max repeated use of her ability to rewind time .
i think it 's the latter so in fact you can imagine chloe not getting shot e.g .
the point is that max decides to not do any time traveling and thus prevents the storm from hitting the bay which seemed plausible to me at the time although warren kind of pulls it out of thin air .
but i 've seen the discussions and i do agree there can be made points against this .
chloe may just want to die because of rachel 's death .
but then again there 's max and their reloaded friendship and i could n't bring myself to see this as a selfish act again although it would fit with earlier patterns .
i guess i wished for max 's selflessness to have that positiv imho effect on chloe and thus felt she truly wanted to help in preventing the storm .
yeah you see it 's all about individual views upon what the characters are in your mind .
and you 're right it was n't easy at all .
aqui mesmo no tópico você vê isso só por que as pessoas não gostam da ditadura de esquerda de cuba dizem que a qualidade de vida de lá é pior de alguém que mora numa favela onde água e energia só chegam com gato onde os filhos vão para as escolas onde não se aprende quase nada e convivem com traficantes armados de metralhadores onde passam horas ou dias em filas de hospitais públicos esperando para ter algum tipo de atendimento médico essa é a melhor qualidade de vida ?
you ca n't have a serious conversation with any voter left or right without talking about money in politics .
eighty-four percent of americans believe money has too much influence over our political system and elected officials .
the despair on the left and right the excitement about sanders the almost desperate desire for anyone who will break up the current machine the thirst for revolution not just policy .
that this is a corruption election is evidenced in donald trump 's appeal the voters i 've met who support trump even accept that he lacks credibility but argue he does n't lack independence unlike the other candidates .
they are fleeing to him in droves not because he represents something positive but because the corruption of the modern private financing model makes the other candidates feel like servants instead of leaders .
zephyr teachout yes that 's her real name the author is a well-known academic who 's recently gotten into politics .
i hope hillary fans read the whole thing and do n't take it as an attack ad from the somewhat misleading title .
there 's nothing in the article that condemns hillary as it should n't but the american people need her to take a leadership position on money in politics if we are to feel comfortable with her leading the country .
the suggestions teachout proposes are great ideas and i hope hillary listens to them .
no matter who you support the candidate that wins has to have a serious plan to get money out of politics .
it 's a massive undertaking and having a president without a plan of attack is going to lead to another 4 to 8 years of inaction .
sanders and to some degree o'malley are already leading the fight and i really hope hillary listens so we can have a united democratic party on this if nothing else .
yeah because more than 95 of other isp 's income derives from profiling people through ai to target them with ads .
it was absolutely the right thing for the team to do to take away as many risks as possible of us not finishing one-two .
once they had stopped my team-mate nico rosberg they had to stop me because otherwise it would have disadvantaged him .
he was simply questioning them saying that the tyres were worn to the canvas and that he had to pit for reliability reasons .
as brundle pointed out during the race next time they do that he will always be worried that they are lying again .
but other thing that keep in doubt is how do we get the higher tier talismans ?
only killing summoned monster possessed or do we encounter they through wraeclast ?
i like to pick out a cute shirt or pants that i 'm excited to wear .
i 'm in bed early the night before even if i 'm having trouble sleeping which i do n't the lights are off and i use a sleep mask to block out the lights .
when my alarm goes off i reach for my phone .
i read something like reddit facebook or insta for a minute .
i may still be asleep but my eyes are awake .
i have a programmable coffee maker so when i get out of bed and head to the gym my coffee is ready ! !
though i 've been experimenting with a pre-workout recently .
once you realize how awesome the gym is in the morning you wo n't want to go back to other times .
the people are nicer and are there to get stuff done .
eternal procession/generation is the idea that jesus and the holy spirit two of the parts of the trinity are constantly being generated by the other god the father .
it 's helpful to think through this not happening .
if god the father just split himself into 3 pieces in a one time deal then you 'd have 3 separate and incomplete gods .
christianity affirms each person of the trinity is fully god so that would be problematic .
for each member of the godhead to be fully god and fully eternal then they have to be connected together with god-ness constantly flowing between them so to speak .
here 's the best analogy i 've heard for this think about the image of yourself you have in your head .
you 've had a self-image there for as long as you can remember so complete that sometimes you even chat with yourself right ?
if you 're god that image of yourself can be so complex and so perfect that it actually has substance on it 's own god the son the perfect image of god the father .
then there is the love that we feel for ourselves .
if that love between those selves was perfect and complete it becomes the spirit of god .
both the image god the son jesus and the love god the spirit would be eternally existent with god the father generated by him but one with him .
caveat there are differences on this in different branches of the church .
this is the protestant take as far as i understand it .
paging orthodox folks i know you have a different take on this .
i would think it would be the wii flip due to it being on the wiiu and the wiiu having motion controls might even be both and you can switch .
yea burn out at the rate some of us play is inevitable .
go play something else then come back when you feel like it .
good lord the gunplay sucks in comparison to bungie shooters .
still i ended up looking like a newbie hunter and now i 've got this headcanon of her eventually dying and returning hundreds of years later as a guardian which is a plus .
edit ps can someone at bungie nip over to activision blizzard and flip the overwatch switch for us please p
miss pickles just wants to mess with our heads !
it was really weird hearing them all talk about all these new talents and artifact traits to let you customize your character when just a few years ago they were on stage justifying removing them because everyone just uses the best one .
they mean quite a lot especially at the skill positions where people pay attention .
rivers also had by far the best stats in the league for a three year stretch http www.pro-football-reference.com/play-index/psl_finder.cgi ? request=1 match=combined year_min=2008 year_max=2010 season_start=1 season_end=-1 age_min=0 age_max=99 league_id team_id is_active is_hof pos_is_qb=y pos_is_rb=y pos_is_wr=y pos_is_te=y pos_is_e=y pos_is_t=y pos_is_g=y pos_is_c=y pos_is_ol=y pos_is_dt=y pos_is_de=y pos_is_dl=y pos_is_ilb=y pos_is_olb=y pos_is_lb=y pos_is_cb=y pos_is_s=y pos_is_db=y pos_is_k=y pos_is_p=y c1stat=pass_att c1comp=gt c1val=200 c2stat c2comp=gt c2val c3stat c3comp=gt c3val c4stat c4comp=gt c4val c5comp c5gtlt=lt c6mult=1.0 c6comp order_by=pass_adj_net_yds_per_att draft=0 draft_year_min=1936 draft_year_max=2015 type draft_round_min=0 draft_round_max=99 draft_slot_min=1 draft_slot_max=500 draft_pick_in_round=0 draft_league_id draft_team_id college_id=all conference=any draft_pos_is_qb=y draft_pos_is_rb=y draft_pos_is_wr=y draft_pos_is_te=y draft_pos_is_e=y draft_pos_is_t=y draft_pos_is_g=y draft_pos_is_c=y draft_pos_is_ol=y draft_pos_is_dt=y draft_pos_is_de=y draft_pos_is_dl=y draft_pos_is_ilb=y draft_pos_is_olb=y draft_pos_is_lb=y draft_pos_is_cb=y draft_pos_is_s=y draft_pos_is_db=y draft_pos_is_k=y draft_pos_is_p something that 's been nearly impossible for anyone aside from peyton brady and rodgers recently .
and i only want to unbox as i have just earned this .
but if i do n't unbox hypothetically what do you suppose i do with this key ?
edit 39 has 0 chance of profit so ... not that one xd
edit edit you were right ... all good crates cost too much .
what do you suppose i do with this key instead ?
has anyone kicked out of the pop up powerbomb yet ?
it was just a really low populated colony of uk .
yeah because back in the days before industrial farming techniques and dramatic improvements in medical care there was a whole lot less population .
i do n't see how that applies to anything unless the us could have annexed canada in 1948 and justified it now by saying there were n't many people there anyway compared to now https upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/7/78/population_canada_ver_4.png .
a lot of trials are but that does n't mean we do n't follow through with them .
there is a super easy way to defeat the swan .
there is a circular green water fountain off to one side .
have the swan chase you over to it then just make sure you always stay on the opposite side while firing at him .
it 's almost impossible for him to throw rocks and he ca n't sprint at you .
i killed him with about 250 pistol shots and did n't take any damage .
a reply to this message containing the word 'solved ' .
make the bot tag the thread as such and keep the subreddit tidy .
thanks again and we hope you get your issue sorted soon .
ps if i 'm misbehaving please let my creator juggernog know .
there have been far better photos posted on this sub and there have been far worse .
it 's your criticism of my comment that is ignorant .
definitely during the offseason i 'll be pretty bored and need something to race on because some tracks on iracing i do n't have that will be there for the offseason .
is this league fixed setups is my only question and will we be able to join via sms lobby ?
because power status and wealth factor into how we perceive words and puts weight behind them as well .
it 's a lot easier to shake off an insult when you are n't being insulted by someone much richer more powerful and who has historically been in a much better position than you .
i agree with the first part i 'm thinking daylight being so underwhelming is leading us to find out that daylight was only the start of or part of a much larger project .
daylight could 've been the precursor to whatever led to jane 's tattoos or was running in support of another operation .
it never really seemed like mayfair or the cia guy knew how jane got to be the way she is .
this must fall even above their pay grade or was outside the government from the start .
now that the show is renewed for season 2 i think we 'll start to get hints at a larger operation above daylight .
edit it just dawned on me remember when the navy seal casey robeck dies in the hospital and before he dies he says he remembers jane from what sounded like orion '' ?
this could be the project that daylight supported a parallel operation or something different altogether .
in some places you only need a flag if the load extends farther than a certain distance from the edge of the vehicle .
i believe it 's 4 feet where i 'm from and those ladders could definitely be under that .
for me it was my dad freshmen year of high school .
originally he had gone in for surgery for a brain tumor and was actually recovering rather well from it he ended up passing when a blood clot broke loose and lodged its self in his heart .
i went to school the next day and made it about half way through before calling mom and going home .
i remember sitting in front of my computer looking at irc chat and feeling empty .
spent the next few days not at school but i did go to lacrosse practice after school those same days because the act of just running myself into the ground kept me together a bit .
team pitched in and bought flowers for the funeral later on .
come a few years later in college one of my old art teachers told me that the school announced to faculty that i lost my dad keep an eye on me and offer any support i needed .
said teacher remarked he always found that my willingness to push on and be there that day spoke volumes to him about me and he 's always respected me as a result .
i 've had to start trimming again i can tell because of how frequently i 'm charging my electric razor .
it feels like there is hair growing between the spaces where hair already is and its definitely longer as well .
2nd edit get some jojoba oil for the beard and you will unlock a whole new realm of awesome beard stuff .
and they were exposed to the fev by the master which made them grow larger they are also the only fev thing that can breed
oh thanks for clearing that up i hope the game ends up fulfilling the wishes of those that backed it .
he was the first german champion but not the best
i think those are conditions of the society not what the society created .
at least in the way i mean creations like technology or art .
well technically he should n't have been able to actually cast scorching ray twice .
when casting a spell as a bonus action you ca n't use your action to cast another spell except a cantrip .
haha all good honestly i had to re-read it and make sure i actually left that part in
lol at my school the only time they 're allowed to enter your room is if they smell weed .
and they have to get a couple other ras to confirm that they also smelled weed coming from that particular room .
beer is like a non-issue as long as you 're not being an obnoxious drunk they get that college students typically drink and they just want to make sure you 're safe .
in before the smith has been shit this series !
it 's all your fault that some guys ' egos though not bodies got quite bruised .
your books enticed me to try renaissance long sword .
in real life guys do n't react all that ... gracefully '' to getting their asses handed to them by a girl either xd
i still read the books decades later when i need a little kick towards stop dreaming start working '' .
redwood is a whole family including sequoia and coastal redwoods and others .
that 's why we forbid single parents or even single grandparents/aunts/uncles from raising children right ?
i 've tried everything and ca n't get it back .
you do n't wear socks with boat shoes vice did n't start that haha .
i have a laugh with my bro and sent him some links to verify these experts opinions over there.. what i got back was
wrong that 's bollox that partially correct but they have n't accounted for xyx ... oh this is complete bollox ... why am i here again ''
also the way juniors get treated is fucking horrific it 's like we have all gone back to the stone age times .
it 's a cult basically if you follow the rules and do n't speak for 3 months..your in .
edit oh and here 's proof of your theory regarding uncharted sales .
i 'm not an overwatch fanboy it does n't even have hats !
this is how exactly how i feel about psychedelics .
there are several layers that make up your identity http www.mind-development.eu/jung-freud.jpg .
just as you can peel back the layers of an onion you can use psychedelics to peel back the layers of your identity and reach altered states of consciousness .
never heard of those brands i 'll take a look many thanks
just run same as you would from most supers and stay airborne .
stormcaller is just as bad they just face roll the controller until they catch you and they can blink while they 're at it .
nightstalker now has arguably the best neutral game out of all the classes and can cancel others supers .
i honestly do n't think the new classes are that unbalanced people just are n't used to being killed by titans when all they were year one was human grenades or a bubble that all you literally had to do was turn and casually walk away from .
it 's basically a locker service with auspost where they deliver your parcel to a locker then they give you a text email to say your parcel 's arrived and you have 48 hours to pick it up .
you get a card once you sign up with it which you have to scan and the text/email contains a one-time passcode which you punch in .
i 'm hazy on the details because it 's so easy and i totally forgot how to use it but once i get there the instructions are for dummies .
edit it 's useful because it 's 24 hours and you can sign up to one close to your place/in the city etc .
i use the one in hunter connection because i got tired of my local post office only being open during office hours and doing deliveries then sending it back there making a parcel delivery impossible .
shimla is actually a hill city and capital of a state and you know surrounded by forest on all sides .
he told these and other stories about shimla hills while we were studying in a boarding school located in them .
i am just glad i graduated and am away from that stuff now .
can you explain more why you wait after crystalizing a box ?
i was getting bsods every other day because of memory management '' and page fault in non-paged area '' and have given up on finding a solution .
this is the book i am looking forward to the most .
does anyone know if johns is done after darkseid war ?
i just thought about it the four character name thing if that is indeed what you looked may not accurately reflect the percentage of people with two character last names .
i think a lot of people with the double surname has a single character for their given name .
double character surname may be at a slightly higher percentage ?
you can check godot though it 's probably not the best suited for fps http www.godotengine.org/projects/godot-engine
there are also the id software engines that have been released as opensource idtech versions that powered games like quake or doom .
man i 'm still trying to get half of the helltower ones .
will be fun to farm airblast kills as pyro .
okay let 's hope i get some good damaging spells and can use them at the right time .
when the winner is based on who reaches the book the fastest ?
just going to take a ton of time but you can play for an hour and nobody will win .
oh and the stupid carnival one where you have to get melee kills while cursed .
that one is going to take me a decade to get .
china 's one child policy will bite them heavily in the next 20 years .
works pretty well and gets better as you dissolve copper .
hcl is also known as muriatic acid and is used for cleaning concrete .
i do n't see any benefit in free tuition .
either the government has to spend more money it does n't have or it gets rid of student spots that currently exist which goes against the ideal of univeral access as well as access for the poor .
i 'm curious though how come you did n't have the heavy use the huo long heater ?
it seems like it 'd be more fitting to the theme .
yo hmu i 'll send u pics 714 422 5920 my offer for some dude is pending but whatever first come first serve
i called bipartisanship bullshit the whole left right paradigm you 're a democrat or a republican rhetoric is bullshit .
and since you do n't understand my racism simile i 'll change it to nationalism .
but i 'm american and americans are concidered brave by other americans .
so even though i am not brave i am falsely construed as such by the irrational nature of nationalism .
that 's how religon works thats how bipartisan politica work .
i 'm saying it 's irrational to say you agree with any religion when religions encompass viewpoints on thousands of topics .
i doubt anyone is truly any religion because everyone disagreea with at least one viewpoint of every religion .
now your main argument in that post seems to support that most americans are irrational not that being rational is n't always the best leadership .
it always makes for a better leader than being irrational .
you also tried to say that that was the soul characteristic i was judging someone 's capability of leading on because that 's what you had an argument against .
however all irrational people are shitty leaders even of their irrational followers approve often them .
we have a bag of seeds and barely enough foos to last until a harvest from those seeds but still enough .
my leader would plants the seeds and harvest the food when we ran out of food evening though people would be hungry and unhappy but no one died from it .
your leader would feed the seeds to everyone so that they would like him then everyone would die of starvation after one final bout of gluttony .
now i 'd like to tell you to quit being pretentious about spelling .
you know how shitty phones are to type on and how shitty auto correct is .
i know i ca n't be bad with runons when i 'm typing arguments informally but that 's about it and my message is still clear .
sadly survival is not as marketable compared to br .
what kind of attention or light could they shed on survival that has potential in this moment none as people are already accustomed to the 'gameplay ' and those that play feel the redundancy due to no new content .
you 're the second person i 've heard mention about not being able to check the date .
honestly i do n't follow marvel at all other than watching the cartoons as a child but i really loved the x23 and logan episodes .
anyone know where i can find something like that in the comics ?
so the reel machines were literally being penetrated by tape ?
and you do n't see why this is problematic ?
no wonder rape culture is endemic the digital age was founded upon it !
sarcasm aside it wo n't once the rich move out of the country to a less tax-heavy country and then the middle class takes the brunt of the taxes to pay for it .
i know this might sound far-fetched but it has helped me .
i very intentionally start to daydream '' as i 'm lying in bed .
i imagine and develop some sort of fantasy narrative ... like a choose your own adventure book .
walking through the forest and meeting a wood nyph ...
deep sea diving exploring a medieval castle in the age of the renaissance ... strolling through france and stopping for a coffee with gérard depardieu and watching all the pretty ladies scare the pigeons as they walk ... whatever .
sometimes you snap out of the daydream and realize you 're still fully awake .
that 's when i get right back to another strange adventure in my mind .
it keeps my thoughts from focusing on my actual problems and eventually i 'm asleep .
it takes a small amount of discipline to keep your mind invested in the adventure you 're imagining but it works for me .
there 's usually a diffuser sheet sheet between the back-light and the lcd you would need to remove that or you will get a blurry display .
next thing you need to remember is to get a black pixel on an lcd it has to block out the light from the back-light so to make it transparent you need to make the pixel white .
it tastes like someone took sugar and pecans or some nut and burnt them to a crisp and poured them over ice cream that has melted and curdled and been refrozen .
plus you would have to kill it in minion combat only due to spells not being able to target it .
why not something like can not be healed '' and have it be 1 more mana ?
i fully support gay rights in every which way .
i just feel that sometimes when gay people get comfortable about being them true selves they feel that they live by a different set of rules .
this also does not apply to all gay people .
i am sad to say that biblical archaeology is still at that same stage .
still standing strong despite being discredited hundreds of times .
only that israeli nationalism now seems to play a role in it too .
beerus at the least is in the same boat except he can nuke a universe while still holding back to an unknown degree and we do n't have any clue to his max yet nobody is putting him over universe .
i think most people understand or should understand that vs debate is just speculative in general .
it 's not an exact science never will be .
saying saitama ca n't do something vastly beyond the feats shown until he does it makes sense .
he did n't get many minutes but was still roughly a point a minute and showed flashes when he did get time on the court .
in all honesty i am dumfounded and amzed at the level of commitment/blindness you have for your situation .
good luck with everything i truly wish you all the best .
does offering you a cup of tea/coffee or a cold can of coke etc .
competitive cod will not grow if youre banning half the shit in the game .
wish karma did n't cave but i 'd be sick of arguing about it too .
i meant to say 2560x1080 otherwise it would n't have posted here but thanks anyway guys 1440p was also a consideration guess that idea 's gone now .
i think he has put out a video on worldstar almost every three days for the past week or 2 weeks .
he marketing that shit jeezy just isnt travis scott popular here .
i was gon na say they recently added the movie on netflix and i rewatched it he can drive pretty handily in said movie .
do n't wait too long the seats fill up fast .
you are a danger to freedom and we will resist your candy colored view of the world with all our might .
herdez http www.herdeztraditions.com/products/mexican-cooking-sauces makes these jars of cooking sauces that are very keto friendly .
the guajillo and the verde are about 4 net carbs for the whole jar .
i am from the southwest and can vouch for these sauces .
these will give you that sauce that you 're looking for but you can add garlic cumin etc .
i really like the guajillo sauce and use it as a base for chili as well .
they are plenty balanc3d people are overreacting to loosing their crutch .
i have an opposite story.. my librarian turned to an average joe as the managed to get snake eyes against 2 scatter lazer shots from a single jetbike ...
which was my friends last model on the table ... during the last possible turn .
gave him slay the warlord kingslayer assasinate witch hunter and an objective .
i just want to say thank you for always treating your audiences and fans with respect and intelligence .
my love of hip hop as a woman and as a humanitarian is rooted in tribe and for that i am forever grateful .
you are such a positive presence in so many ways and it is always appreciated .
and who gave them the money to build their wall ?
also who gave them the money to buy all of those weapons nuclear subs and ground weapons ?
wait till you get your hands on dark souls d
but yes skyrim is awesome in its own right .
edit thanks to everyone who downvoted me just because i like an other game more .
there 's one really important thing missing from the disk though .
where the hell is this third planet inhabited by two-legged things anyway ?
it does n't say where it is in the galaxy .
assuming aliens are n't next door they 'll likely wo n't be able to figure out where it came from .
did n't want to go into that argument empty handed and ignorant
it 's impossible to take the hype away but dang was kind of hoping for higher end stuff i guess ?
i 'm sure they have some chalice plans though and plenty of bosses for them along with the difficulty ramp up of ng 's and the fact that it 's new shit in bloodborne i 'll be psyched and satisfied no matter what lol
we use ethanol in a number of medical processes .
there are some chemical compounds in cannibinoids which have medicinal uses .
however that does n't mean that marijuana is a medicine .
tobacco contains chemical substances which have potential medicinal uses as well but calling cigarettes medicine is a joke .
i struggle to open a lot of different items .
my irritated and shredded hands tend to be proof of it .
i lucked out in finding a non childproof bottle of generic acetaminophen at the cvs near me and you can bet i refill that thing rather then deal with multiple bottles that rip me apart .
chronic illness and childproof caps do n't mix well .
as a frequent flyer flight assistants are a much-appreciated and much-needed job but they 're a bit less glorious than many people think .
many people think it 's a glorified waitress job but it 's really fundamentally a safety job .
anything you can do to get emergency training first aid etc .
will help you as will the ability to speak multiple languages .
i was reading somewhere that channels like fx and comedy central and other cable channels arent as strictly regulated by fcc as network channels .
thats why a lot of those channels can have gore and you can say shit '' or the n word '' and have partial nudity ''
compared to leona q thresh flay blitz hook or even nautilus passive it is way less scary
unless it 's changed datadog can actually poll snmp so you can get your network device stats .
however if that does n't fit your use case the majority of shops i 've seen use solarwinds for network gear/physical datacenter monitoring and alerting .
they 're pretty powerful and super cheap in comparison .
someone that only posts pictures of her horse and a feminazi that posts articles on why she chose to be a feminist and how oppressed '' she is .
then the person is a lazy idiot to think such a question had never been asked before .
hell there 's even a thread https www.reddit.com/r/guns/comments/3si9h7/thickheaded_thursday_111215 devoted to asking stupid questions and you ignored that too .
look kid i 'm not going to pat you on the back for effort here .
frankly this tit for tat crap is mind-numbing especially so late at night .
ok that is actually good advice going down a path i had n't considered .
knowing all of the commands available let 's me look them up individually .
sagawa can no longer find publishers for his writing and he has struggled to find employment .
he was nearly accepted by a french-language school because the manager was impressed by his courage in using his real name but employees protested and he was rejected .
wow it 's great that you 're out of the closet as a perverted killer and canibal !
ghost was so fucking bad .. that i had to burn my disc no lie .
is that the one that dobs on his brothers for painting the fence and has a giggle in the background then nicks the bat and slogs it ?
edit here https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=mqnsakbdsv0 is the ad for anyone that wants to feel murderous
and the rest of us are rubbing our foreheads with our hands thinking ... no its not .
i think we need a whole other post on the doing-exactly-what-you-don't-want situation .
i bet we 'd get a ton of examples from fellow victims .
i 'm sorry if someone already asked this did n't read the comments but did you tell your older brother about the situation ? ?
i had a similar situation happen to me on aim except it was my sister 's boyfriend at the time .
afraid not tracks like that are hard to come by..
cannon shiv for a strong first hit mix this with vayne is pretty good .
and now russia is waving it 's nukes again ...
they wave them around but aside from beating up ukraine not in nato there is n't much they can do .
russia has half the population of the soviet union and their warsaw pact allies are on the other side now .
they do n't have the manpower to invade europe anymore .
the buzzing is normal no to the second question descriptions are broken for the 3rd question .
i already explained that as long as you are n't directly and indirectly related promoting or contributing to the child porn industry you are n't being unethical by posessing child pornography .
you might ask because when you 're not related to the issue the producers do n't see you as a consumer they do n't have your number in their earnings whatever they are monetary popularity etc .
same with piracy '' which i incidentally discourage the use of that word since we do n't hijack ships on the sea but that 's another story .
if you download an ilegal copy you 're not in the earnings of the product industry you 're consuming .
what is more if you download an ilegal copy of something unrelated to sites that estimate the data of their pirates '' you 're not contributing to the piracy '' industry because it also is an industry either .
for starters they are obviously not a rip off on classic fantasy creatures such as elves dwarves gnomes etc .
one very unique thing is the males and females being so vastly different females are normally always smooth skinned with blue tones while males are usually fuzzy and have many different colors .
they used to actually be two separate races meglings blue ones and yordles fuzzy ones but riot merged the two.their ancestors had tails they are not only very social but they need '' to be social it is part of who they are and to be away from other friends and isolated actually causes them pain it was how veigar become evil he was tortured that way '' .
that need for a social nature mixed with their advance in technology and magic due to their lack of physical strength makes them for a unique culture .
i could get into history but it 's more about their race which between the females and the males is very special .
a big part of the taste of something is the smell of it .
as you know dogs have a giant olfactory lobe in the brain and specially built equipment to maximize the area where the scent molecules/particles encounter the receptors .
most people are flavor-spoiled and do not know why a satiating and sufficient meal is just fine with most animals .
flavor and scent are just another way of selling more food beyond what is needed calorie-wise .
i 'm sure many primates evolved to crave variety so may not understand the mindset of a dog or other non-extreme-variety-seeking animals in their attitudes towards food .
speed does n't matter much because with bell you 'll gain 10-15 yards on each play with his amazing bcv .
so they are gon na pretend earth-2 wells is our reverse flash to trick grodd ?
yea i 'm sure that 's gon na go great .
right but what i 'm asking is why did n't he speak to her further about his grievances when they met ?
no problem i hope you have a save that 's not too far back that you can continue from !
i was having an absolute blast with the game before encountering this shitty bug and i want everyone who 's experiencing the problem to be able to continue playing their game instead of sitting on our hands while we wait who knows how long for bethesda to find and patch the source of the issue .
space travel is divided into hyperspace lanes '' which are sets of 'safe ' coordinates that are shared .
probably helps with trade and such too if your planet can just give out a set of coordinates that link with the rest of the travel network .
so you pretty much always know where a ship is going to pop in and out near a particular system/planet .
that 's why ships always seem to appear on the same side of the planet on the same trajectory .
with that in mind blockades work because you basically just set yourself up right at the end of the 'drop in ' point and block it off .
i think nintendo would be a step above stupid not to cash in on a the legend of zelda '' series of amiibo when they 've done so with super mario bros. and now animal crossing .
i think it 's more a matter of how vs. when .
as i 've said in some earlier comments it 's hard to figure out how they 'll choose to represent these characters when some appear in every game each with different art styles while others appear in one or two .
wonder how one of those detection apps would react at a university now ?
i guess it 's more risky to use stingrays because the public can detect them .
i 'm usually a very open book when it comes to talking about myself nothing off limits but if someone launches into a conversation with any of the typical are you gon na cut your dick off ?
they probably just have a historical preference for steel bridge waterfront .
once i zoomed way in i could actually see the bridge but the way they display it you 'd think it was freight rail or something .
i passed out at a party with the intent to stay the night and woke up on my couch at home .
they were equally drunk and thought it was okay to load me up and drive me home .
police forces in the usa have become increasingly militarized as america has conducted wars overseas recently .
swat team raids are more than 25 times higher than in the 1980 's .
people in the usa already live in an electronic police state .
the nsa via the overseas electronic communication provision of the patriot act sees every email sent through the top 24 usa email providers as they all outprocess to oversea servers some if not most of their internal traffic .
just traceroute an email in command prompt and geolocate the ip addresses of each proxy chain point .
facebook just moved their servers to dublin earlier this year .
the official narrative was because it was colder there than in the usa .
in over half of the states in the usa now the police do not even need a warrant to track your cell phone locations .
roughly 50 percent of the people in the world today live on less than 2.50 usa per day 1.3 billion on less than 1.25 per day .
the top 1 global plutocracy will soon own more wealth than all of the bottom 50 of the people in the world combined .
one family in the usa owns more wealth than the bottom 30 .
the usa in 2015 will spend 54 of its federal discretionary income on defense .
one in five children in the usa under the age of 18 in 2014 lived below the federal poverty level .
one billion children in the world live in poverty and over 22,000 die everyday from poverty !
in the 20th century estimates say that between 160 million and 230 million people died directly from wars collateral famine and other forms of oppression .
every year in the world 18-25 million people die from starvation malnutrition and preventable diseases .
a recent swedish study released this year said the the anonymous collective has grown to over 22.5 million people worldwide .
just in their five main twitter feeds there are more than 15 million followers .
never in the history of the world have so many been so politically aware .
we are killing each other and destroying this planet !
are we gon na let a few greedy old bastards kill us off and destroy this planet ?
maybe it is time that someone gets a little riled up before it is too late !
i 'm not sure this theory is entirely right .
a fragmentary passage is officially numbered as kingdom hearts 0.2 .
the title was first referenced immediately following the epilogue chapter in birth by sleep final mix upon aqua 's discovery of the castle of dreams .
while it 's included as part of the prologue package for kh3 it does n't necessarily mean that it 's immediately prior to kh3 in terms of chronology .
birth by sleep was n't and it was in the 2.5 package ...
i think instead the fragmentary passage will cover some part of aqua 's 11 years in the realm of darkness prior to kingdom hearts 3 like she 'd spend 11 years just walking ?
surely she had something to do and perhaps even cover mickey 's time in the realm of darkness during the events of kingdom hearts how he found the kingdom key d etc .
this is further evidenced by the image of mickey in the realm of darkness during the fragmentary passage cinematic .
it 's also the best bet we have of covering that side of mickey 's story given that it 's one of the only realm of darkness stories we 've seen so far .
i side-stepped your label and responded to one of my choosing .
that said the politicize '' label has a negative connotation carries too much baggage and unfairly burdens the discussion do n't you think ?
as a former ci shutdown player what do you think about the feasibility of a ci shutdown deck in the d d meta ?
help it is my goal to get this lady banned today she came in asking for a refill we informed her we have to charge her full price since she left earlier and once her visit is over so is her 54 cent refill .
she demanded a manager took a picture of us .
trash talked about us and tried getting people to join her .
walked into our back room looking for the manager .
we called our sm about it and apparently she 's been banned from other locations .
he yelled at our ss and blamed her actions on me .
i lost 35 pounds in the last 4 months .
if you 've been doing 5x5s stay with that .
it 's what i do and i like it .
the most important part is going to be your diet .
make sure you track your eating and exercise on something like my fitness pal lots of people dislike this app but it 's incredibly useful .
if you stick to it and actually create meals '' and recipes and you eat pretty consistent stuff like eggs every morning then it becomes a lot easier to maintain .
aim for 1 lb per week loss 500 cal/day .
if you think you have the willpower go for 1.5-2 .
if you do n't use it properly it wo n't help .
if you plan your meals it becomes waaaaay easier to follow imo .
the best way to start is to just follow your current eating for about a week .
that way you can learn about your food and adjust where necessary .
hiit is far better than steady pace for calories burned per hour .
if you can push through some high intensity minutes over a 20-30 minute run you 'll burn insane calories especially after your workout .
you get a lovely consistent calorie burn for a couple hours after some hiit .
try to get 3 in per week after your weightlifting and maybe toss in some steady state for 40-60 minutes on days you do n't lift .
do n't burn yourself out trying to get to the gym every day .
calories in vs calories out is going to get you the weight loss you need .
the lifting and the cardio are there to help .
eat clean with vegetables and whole foods and lots of protein .
i did just this and i lost more weight than i ever expected .
make good habits and you 'll be rewarded for your hard work with a better body and better health .
i know of a similar story in in where the kid did not make it .
i 've dodged bullets when i was young dumb and full of cum .
needless to say do n't fuck around with cars .
well the relevant issue seems to be 'profiting from the sale of poppy-related material ' which both this guy and the poppy producer do .
they are only the same based on your own made up vague definition of the term profit '' .
michetti is producing and marketing his own commercial product based on the poppy symbol .
we have no idea what kind of profit if any they make on this order .
non-profits do not necessarily work only with non-profit suppliers .
they probably use a for profit company for their phone service and shipping too but it 's not like any of these companies are taking a cut of every poppy sold or marketing their own poppy products .
my user name is erin using kitty leah ... d i also want to fully max him before event over.. will rush over the weekends d
obama himself is not coming to my door and stealing my gun .
however his party is indirectly trying to limit my choices in owning a weapon and making it harder for me to say obtain a gun if i ever needed another .
also i do n't think it 's fair to ask a question with an attack in it .
it 's like asking libtards do you really think everyone who has a gun wants to shoot at schools ? ''
your argument would be that having your own pet would help with relieve anxiety and depression it 's science http www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmc3408111 and give you something you are entirely responsible for .
if you ca n't get a dog get a pair of rats .
ryu and mccarthy are not back until midyear we need 5 starters from the getgo
zlatan has been dropping regularly in the midfield until very recently and playing like a 9.5/10 .
c l o w n f i e s t a
possibility of winning..a good one ... but not entirely sure .
the reason i stared following united was because i was in london on vacation from the us .
i stumbled into a bar on a friday night to see a soccer game on the television in the bar i was in .
i asked the gentleman next to me who 's playing ?
only to have the whole bar become quiet and look at me until they realized i was american .
it was the champions league final of manchester united and barcelona playing at wembley a few blocks away from the bar i was at well anyway i was hooked and have religiously followed them since .
i want to purchase a 2010-2011 away if i could find the champions league jersey even better but does anyone know where i can pick one up or does anyone have one for sale ?
my guess for who ratted out mike is hardman .
the reason louis did n't find anything against soloff was becuase he was looking in the wrong place .
the dirt was n't on soloff it was on someone he cared about i think it 's mike and as soon as forceman backed down when harvey resigned hardman just set plan b into motion .
it 's a massive coincidence that mike gets arrested a few hours after the vote in my opinion .
although that last episode was great i hope we get to see harvey meet up with his family in the present day some time .
someone explain to me what the fanbase 's gigantic hatred boner for nolan north as the male consular is .
they 're not supposed to have emotion insofar as i 've ever been told granted i love the male jedi knight 's voice but i feel he fits much more dark side because of the emotion in his voice compared to nolan being better for light side .
besides that the female consular 's acting is even more emotionless !
i have to wonder why the female sith warrior 's voice actress gets to get away with having bland delivery for all of her lines in a class that is based around emotion and passion when all of the other 3 sith vas do n't have that problem .
edit and by suit i mean power armor ... lol
i have heard that people playing pro 1.6 in 2005-2006 were making insane amounts of money but how much ?
i watch and read what i can but i still do n't understand how big the scene was .
ok so as we know the wwe title is currently vacant and i was wondering if technically sheamus could cash in right now .
with the biggest heel out for a while he could be poised to make an unbelievable move to become the companies top heel .
imagine this as the tournament culminates at survivor series the finals come down to say reigns and ambrose and they have a good match and everyone is into it .
but all of a sudden sheamus ' music hits confusing the the two in the match and he cashes in on the vacant title .
thus effectively ruining the chance of either one 's title hopes and cementing himself as the companies top heel .
well until someone else steps up or comes back .
is there any way to actually block it from running ?
i ca n't make up my mind on whether to take the rifleman or commando perks .
i 'm running a luck/agility character fairly early game .
i suppose powerful unmissing sniper crits to the head sounds like a good time .
but at the same time automatic seems like it 'd be better against damage resistance even in the form of critical hits .
i received an offer letter for a virtual job i applied to .
the company is real but the email that sent me the offer letter ended with gmx.com .
because of this i am afraid it is a scam .
how can i find out if it is a real job offer or a scam .
i notice google play music what i use pretty much just uses related artists to build radio lists and such so i was wondering if there was a website that uses similar songs instead ?
looking for 2 to go flawless with leave psn id and trials k/d below
i can be confident in the bedroom but being on top just throws me !
i start panicking that i am doing it wrong and do n't know how to move my hips like whether to grind or go up and down etc .
and i was just wondering if you wonderful redditors can give me some tips on how to feel more confident !
just getting bounties and hoping for the best message pandamoniumtoast
my girlfriend would like a light weight salon quality hair dyer for our 2 year anniversary .
i 'm in school and ca n't spend 200 on a hair dryer .
sorry for the greasy post but i 'm looking to find someone who is willing to trade off wins for 1v1 races for vehicle customization unlocks .
hi there i 've been playing counter-strike for about a month or so and i just want to know a few things i hope that can get cleared up .
i see on professional games and other streams but their crosshairs are so small compared to my giant ass crosshair how do you get that ?
what does it mean to sidestep or struttle or whatever it 's called ?
hope it gets cleared up and if you have tips for a newb like me please tell me
i am a pleb and do n't have any recording software but i just played a game as yorick and not one time did the lightning strike from the heavens come down to damage anyone even after i went through my rotation autos .
is there anyone else that noticed this bug with yorick or any other champions ?
my girlfriend just told me the heater failed high and killed everything but the pictus .
heading to the store now to get new heaters for the rest of my tanks they are all old .
just devastating ... and there were a couple babies and juveniles in there our fish like to mate .
kinda self-explanatory but i made a deal with myself to only play zombies its the best part anyways and i played my first match and didnt get any exp ! ! !
had a juniper that split into two large trunks '' the back one got some kind of vascular infection http i.imgur.com/5uny0wj.jpg and everything from that section died .
hoa has been particularly tyrannical lately so i decided to get at it with a sawzall after work today with it being trash night and all .
i knew it would give intense cedar fever but did n't really think it all the way through .
i went out equipped with one single shitty inside out garden glove and cut the large branch at it 's base .
knew it was n't going to be good when smoke '' clouds were produced the instant the sawzall blade bit into the juniper .
took maybe 10 seconds to cut through the bottom separated the large dead section from the remaining live tree went inside to get twine to come back out and reduce it into piles ... . not 40 seconds later my right hand hurts and itches like hell turns very red and swells pretty immensely ... rinse and wash was no help ... now i have this giant dead juniper lying it my front yard night 's falling and it 's trashnight so i said fuck it got some dish gloves and went back at it with the sawzall to break it down .
every inch of my body including my eyes feels like it 's covered in fiber glass even after a half hour shower .
jeans and a hoodie were apparently no obstacle for the particles..
eyes are particularly bad if i looked in the mirror and saw i was bleeding from my eyes it would n't surprise me in the least .
this was n't even mountain cedar i do n't think but some other type of juniper .
i had already dosed up on nasacort early in the day too .
2/10 would not recommend to a friend or even a redditor .
twine is fucking bullshit and rope/string are superior in every way .
kind of an odd request but is there any place nearby i could buy a lot of potato salad ?
any deli or other place that you 'd recommend ?
i overheard a raider telling me you will die '' in danish ?
go head over there use ign 's map you can search for locations there .
i have an extra copy of fallout 3 that i 'd like to giveaway .
to enter comment your favorite memory for any of the fallout games and i will pick the winner tomorrow on 11/14 .
can anyone put together a picture of what president donald trump might look like behind the desk of the oval office ?
i have a raspberry pi 2 which i initially overclocked using instructions from https wiki.debian.org/raspberrypi overclocking_pi_2
the claim that the setting has demonstrated to be stable and doubles the speed of this small machine in general '' was attractive .
when i saw crashes in web browsers i thought it was because this is an architecture which has received less testing .
if chromium r/raspberry_pi/comments/3rrjbq/running_the_latest_chromium_45_on_debian_jessie crashed i thought it was because i was running an ubuntu package or because i was using glshim for acceleration https www.reddit.com/r/raspberry_pi/comments/3s5tr2/enabling_hardware_acceleration_in_chromium_using .
after seeing something in dmesg about a corrupted paging table entry i had to suspect overclocking because a buggy application should n't cause that sort of corruption .
i first went to stock core_freq and then after seeing more chromium crashes totally to stock speeds .
right now i 'm satisfied with stock speeds though still slightly tempted to overclock .
i may do it at some point once i 've figured out what 's a good way to stability test things .
i 'm just posting because i thought the instability was unavoidable but it turns out even a mild 900 mhz to 1000 mhz arm overclock can cause instability .
it is important to the story that i am 17 .
i was driving from my community college to my hometown which has it 's own local bank chain .
there is a larger branch with more in the more populous half of the town with another branch in the town square of the smaller village .
normally i go to the small village branch and the people there know me well enough that they ignore most of the protocols that come with my being a minor technically since my account is joint-signed by my mom i ca n't withdraw money without her signature but the local branch has never cared .
my mom does n't care either she knows i wo n't go spend it all on hookers and blow or whatever .
today though i needed to pick up a few groceries had no cash and the larger branch was nearby so i decided to just go for it .
well the guy at the counter was nice enough but he insisted i needed a signature to withdraw 20.00 from my savings account .
i smiled thanked him and went to the car and then signed a poor approximation of my mom 's signature .
i knew he would n't buy it if i waltzed right back in so i went to the smaller branch 5 minutes away .
unfortunately there was only a new employee at the desk and i did n't know her very well .
she took my slip last 4 digits of ss number etc and while staring at the withdrawal slip just walks away to the side-meeting area .
either i 've got super-hearing or this woman is just shit at whispering .
does this look like her signature to you ? ''
the lady at the meeting area however knew me very well and i 'm 90 sure she had my back because instead of calling me out she said i ca n't really tell .
i 'd have to see her in person to be sure . ''
there was no way in hell my forgery was going to stand up to any real examination .
luckily the lady came back and just told me that my mom would have to be present for my withdrawal .
i got out of there and immediately spam-called my mom until she picked up .
i rushed through telling her what happened and that she needed to be ready for a call .
then she got the call waiting signal ... from the bank .
she talked her way through it but she was a little pissed at me for making her lie .
stream should be up in the next 5 minutes or so !
might stream some more adventures of hugo vasquez the wasteland brawler/suave-man extraordinaire later as well !
well besides inadvertently killing all the natives and tarnishing african-american culture ... but i only mention that before somebody else does .
so long as i can get internet where ever that is .
in fact they would have missed it had the dogs not yowled upon seeing it .
the bravest crept forward nose pushed in the dirt .
when her snout had just barely grazed the log the hair on her back raised .
the dog ran hard fast out of the woods .
they did n't go back into the woods that year .
when the war had finally come to a close ten people went into the melted woods looking for survivors .
they split up into pairs but they all ended up together .
among the charred stumps and ashy leaves they came across four walls .
there was no roof but there was space for a door .
after four years of war the log cabin should have been blown to cinders .
three walked towards it while the others hung back .
another snatched his hand back as though it had been burned .
he climbed though the doorway when no one was looking .
one by one they stepped into the space between the walls .
while half the world rebuilt itself and the other half sunk deeper into ruin the woods grew back steadily thicker than before .
the woods had been empty for years until a group of teenagers entered them on a dare .
they ended up in front of a fully built log cabin .
the group gasped with awe as the window was lifted by an unseen force and fit into the pane with a click .
i 've been building for a hundred years the wind whispered i 've been trying to get out into the world .
the teenagers watched in as the door to the cabin creaked open .
a year later the cabin 's last rotten piece of wood finally gave way .
and on the other side of the world a log appeared .
well i replaced it and the new one drips just the same .
yo i 'm a fairly attractive dude just looking for girls to snapchat and talk to
hopefully someone is able to help or confirm the issues/limitations i 'm having .
so i 'm having an issue with altering the game volume sound in my headphones without raising the game audio on the stream .
current the volume is perfect on stream but too low in the headphones .
two stanton dj pro500 mc headphones and the audio coming from the game into the stereo aux return left channel .
i have my mixer selected in obs/xsplit and the stream can hear the commentators and game sound perfectly .
but the commentators ca n't hear the game as the volume is too low .
and as mentioned before if i turn up the game sound on the mixer via the aux return knob bottom right corner of mixer the volume sounds louder in the headphones but becomes too loud for the stream .
this is a thread for you to talk about anything you want because freedom .
it will be a weekly thread which will be posted every saturday eastern standard time at around midnight .
do not post spoilers for any series you 're discussing even if it 's not an anime without using the spoiler tag .
we will be updating the rules hopefully by the end of the month to close up some loopholes that were exploited recently .
in addition i will be releasing a guidebook aka just a wiki page regarding rule 11 .
for the time being all provisions of rule 11 except for point 3 will be suspended until further notice .
all sections of the rules by the end of the month will be very clear on the punishment length .
this way we wo n't have one user being banned for 7 days and the other being banned for 14 days when committing the same offence .
fallout 4 has received an official endorsement from spidey .
phase 2 of childish gambino 's hot 97.5 is going into effect soon .
we have been diligently working on the online radio station .
we have a coalition of djs who will be mixing around the clock for hot 97.5 .
the best hip-hop r b music including classics and throwbacks .
we are also launching international shows with european djs and personalities .
we 've had a chance to review the data from the launch up til now and it 's showing an international crowd in the late night/early morning hours in the united states .
to cater to those international listeners we 're bringing on international djs who will be spinning the best hip-hop and r b music from around the world .
we are also launching a morning show with kings of comedy comedian d. ellis aka mr. entertainment .
we have already inked a deal with mr. ellis for a 2-hour morning show .
we 're also in the middle of adding two more on-air personalities for the night shift and segments .
i honestly could n't have done it without my team who have brought together so many industry djs and people onto the station .
i have also appointed a program director to the station .
former ying yang twins manager who grew up and lived in atlanta during the classic golden years .
i could n't have found a better team to build a station that caters to everyone who loves hip-hop .
i really hope our efforts are recognized by donald and his team because it would be really great to get them on board with this project .
big thanks to the founder of reddit and internet entrepreneur alexis ohanian and reddit.com for supporting this endevour and recognizing our efforts to compliment the culture and community .
on my recent trip flying out tsa forced me to remove all of my paper luggage tags the ones you get for free at the check in desk due to it being a safety concern '' .
i amassed over 50 luggage tags from various airlines and trips that i saved on my edc carry-on bag .
instead of starting another collection i bought a set of travelon luggage tags .
they are great and my usual tsa security point person not the person who made me remove my collection said he 's glad i finally made the switch .
they perform well and i believe it is of good quality .
contest prize 1 set of travelon luggage tags value 5
contest post a picture of you favorite vacation photo you do not have to be in it .
i need to take more trips into the wonders of nature .
so i have been training on a beginner 's marathon program using nike .
i like it because it has all my runs set out for me and i can keep track of my paces and distances and progress .
i have never been much of a runner but i am a long distance cyclist and also ran a 10-k in summer 2014 .
since this spring i have been gradually ramping up my running and started the 41.195 training program at the end of september .
my goal is basically 6 hours and no major injuries .
when i started i had some pains in my right knee which was caused by high arches and insufficient support .
that was easily fixed by custom insoles and now i have no pains .
however on tuesday november 3rd 1-2 weeks after i got my insoles i started to get pains in my left shin .
it happened on this 9.7 km run https www.strava.com/activities/425729656 where i was to do intervals .
i 've done a few 9.7s and a 10 on this training program before and there were no hills on the course but after it hurt quite a bit so i skipped the next day run and went for a run on friday .
on saturday i went for a 90 km bike ride then taped my shin and ran 11 km with a lot less pain than friday .
however on monday i could n't run and have skipped every run since .
yesterday i went to the doctor and was diagnosed with a risk for stress fracture . ''
i 'm not sure but this sounds worse than shin splints .
he said the bone on one side is thicker .
i 'm not sure why that is bad but i 'll take his word for it .
he said i need to do training with less impact such as running on grass or running in the water .
i was wondering if anyone has had this problem ... at risk for stress fracture in your first marathon and did you run the marathon ?
is there any way i can avoid getting a stress fracture and continue to train sufficiently for this ?
hey everyone i 'm a freshman in college and currently enrolled in calculus 1 .
for the first time i 'm really starting to like math !
it seems to actually have concepts rather than just testing arithmetic .
i would like to learn more math like the kind of stuff on numberphile its so i interesting !
do you think it 's best to try and finish calculus first ?
i am sure with such a wonderfully diverse population at uiuc that several students/faculty/etc are either from france have family in france or have some other connection .
i just wanted to extend my best wishes and condolences .
i know it ca n't mean very much in light of such tragedy .
but if terrorism 's goal is to assert their ideals via fear and force the only truly effective response i can see is one of love camaraderie and positivity .
hopefully some of you can help answer my questions .
i wo n't lie i know next to nothing about guns .
i shot a rifle at camp once and that 's about it .
to be straight i 'm extremely liberal and previously extremely in favor of gun control .
my boyfriend is the opposite of me and guns are a big part of who he is .
we have an anniversary coming up and my idea is to pay for us both to go to a shooting range together .
he has been asking me ever since i met him so i think he will love this .
basically my questions are on average how much would it cost for two people to go to a range ?
is it okay that i do n't have a license or whatever ?
we are from minnesota but near the north dakota border if that makes any difference .
i just want to make sure this is a feasible gift .
i would hate to offer this and have it not be possible .
in atl on sunday ... any local bars/restaurants where you guys watch games ?
i 've heard from several sources that there are certain things you should and should n't do to make your tabs have the highest potency possible .
i 've heard swallowing them reduces the effects compared to letting them dissolve drinking tap water reduces the potency because it breaks down the chemicals all sorts of things .
give me a list of do 's and do n't 's to help me have the most intense trip possible from my tabs if you will .
i was talking about one system after another and actually released physically not vc releases .
or as a motto pessimism of the intellect optimism of the will ''
which is the more popular aphorism of antonio gramsci a founder of a communist party imprisioned under italian fascism and he attributes the saying to romain rolland the novelist .
for interests sake i origianlly heard it from noam chomski trying to lessen the charge of being labelled old and cranky .
i 'm 18 senior and about to graduate from high school fairly soon .
however i feel like i 've missed opportunities and choices that many other of my friends have taken or at least pondered upon .
i 'm by no means a smart person although i 'm told i am by many but i know i lack intelligence in many subjects .
i get a 's and b 's however i do little over the bare minimum .
i also feel like i do n't really learn much in the classes which could be because of the school .
only a few teachers have really caught my attention which is normal .
however i guess i ca n't get over the fact that the majority of the people in my school take ap classes and get higher scores on the act and engage themselves in school more often than i thought .
i 've realized that being engaged in something is important and vital for making friends and building networks but honestly i 'm extremely disinterested in sports drama plays art tours and other stuff .
i guess i just lack the motivation to do anything really .
i 'm definitely responsible and do a lot of my assignments and finish them on time .
i never really slack off but after i do my work i do n't really understand what i 've accomplished and disregard it as something i leave in the past to never look back on .
after that i just go home play games or hang out with friends and watch shows/movies a lot .
i 've also never really been in a relationship with a significant other at all i 'm straight .
do n't talk to girls as much as i 'd like .
honestly it 's cause i find them hard to strike a conversation with unless they have a vibrant personality and i 'm a bit shy/feel pressured and brush them off in the end .
i do n't know how to approach them and talk to the girls that actually look decent .
i have n't gone to a single dance or prom either which i could care less but at the same time it would n't kill me to sacrifice 1 day of work and games to go out with someone .
again i just lack the motivation to act upon girls and i assume 90 of them have a boy friend already and are n't really interested in me which results in an awkward conversation in general .
that 's obviously a mediocre excuse fill free to answer that however you wish .
people who follow the rules all the time and obey their parents and take people 's advice such as going on a religious excursion and follow the book of doing your best in school take the hardest classes graduate with that associates degree go to college and get those scholarships etc .
i probably will get a tiny scholarship that will cover barely anything cause i 'm a lazy fuck .
they 've never known fear or been scared of certain events that has brought them to a stop in life .
anyway i loathe and i suppose envy those people because i assume that all they did for their life from age 13-18 was study study study and not hang out with people most of the time and they assume that they have a 1 way ticket to a successful career but in reality they do n't .
i could be wrong but that is the thing i 've been told and the answer i created for myself .
however i cant criticize the fact that they worked their ass off and all i did was the bare minimum .
it would write me off as a hypocrite who 's oblivious as hell .
anyway the point is that i find the people who went through adversity and are n't as perfect more interesting .
i enjoy hanging out with people who smoke and occasionally drink and do drugs more than the people who do n't .
i honestly think they know more and are n't as jaded to be around with .
they understand the outside world better than the people who are sheltered from outside fears .
i do n't do drugs smoke but i occasionally drink i 've never gotten drunk .
i honestly hate the taste of alcohol mainly because through out your childhood your accustomed to things that are sweet '' compared to bitter-tasting '' foods .
my taste buds have n't adjusted to beer gin vodka or anything really .
i hang out with imperfect people more often but do n't partake in their extracurricular activities '' because i know i do n't wan na go down that route .
regardless i find them more interesting and listen to them a lot more .
i also do n't feel like many of them care for me as much .
tbh most of them are already young adults and are in college .
i tend to hang out with older people and not my high school peers because of what i mentioned above .
my best friend or sort of best friend dropped out of school i met him sophomore year and we got along quite well .
we both were condescending as fuck i 'm very condescending i have to work on that and did n't care what others really thought .
we played mtg magic the gathering which was another thing we had in common .
overall we had similar interests and loved to pc game as well as watch movies and stuff .
however he dropped out half way through junior year so i had to improvise and hang out with other people whom i never really cared for in the end .
now we do n't talk as much except occasionally through facebook and even he does n't tell me as much stuff anymore .
he 's kind of a druggie and smokes a lot which bothered me a little he does n't have a job and hangs out with other people who are just like him and they all stay at his house .
i know it 's kind of waste of my time to try and hang out with him but his personality is what stuck .
i admired his intellect even though he was doing stupid things like drinking 24/7 and smoking weed 24/7 .
currently he probably just sells drugs to other people somehow idk how he does it and that 's how he get his income .
i honestly do n't know what he wants to do .
the very definition of it means the feeling of wanting what someone else has. i do n't necessarily feel jealous but rather lean towards envy more .
i browse my news feed on fb a lot just to check how my old buddies are doing and honestly i notice that they 've accomplished a lot more than i have .
most of them participate in school activities a lot so maybe that 's why .
my first best friend in maine i moved a lot .
we knew each other since elementary and again had similar interests .
nowadays we barely talk and he is an athlete who does track a lot .
he 's a lot smarter than me in school .
i 'm pretty sure he 's taking tons of ap classes and graduating with 1 or 2 years of college done .
he 's got a girlfriend job and overall things look good for him .
i get envious of them a lot and sometimes jealousy for certain things .
a part of me hopes they run into a roadblock and something sets them back so that i can feel superior to them .
which is stupid but hey we all get that feeling .
my cousin recently trashed her car and her parents bought her a new car 2009 kia rio for like 6-7k .
i have no idea if she has to pay them back .
let me give you a quick run down of my cousin .
depression anxiety emo/gothic characteristics drugs drinks narcissistic oblivious and just a mess tbh .
she lives in the same apartment complex along with me and my parents with a few other of her friends who do drugs and shit .
i do n't actually hate her we barely talk to each other .
i love her parents i think they are the coolest people out there .
however this bitch is irresponsible as fuck and gets a new car while i 'm stuck fending off for myself buying myself a car straight up out of my pocket and i have n't been a shitty child to my parents at all .
i 'm not saying my parents should do that .
hell i 'm kind of glad they do n't .
i hate it when high schooler 's are rolling around with a fuckin 2012 camaro or any car that is relatively new because you fucking know that their parents bought it for them or they took out an atrocious bold loan and are covered by their aunt uncle or parents .
i 'm not jealous but feel anger towards them because that 's not what your guardian should do .
you ca n't just be given something in life .
you must work for it which i must remind myself of a lot .
i got the type of parents who are responsible and would support me no matter what career path i choose .
i never really fight with them because i acknowledge the fact that they do know more than me .
i 'm not that typical teenager who rebelled against their parents and butchered the relationship .
i socialize with my mom more than my dad but my dad 's a story for another time .
i paid for my god damn personal belongings down to fucking school utensils .
i know a lot of people have it a lot more rough than me but you get idea .
i hate the fact that many of my peers are given '' things that jump start them .
yet 80 of them do n't understand the struggle of obtaining those assets or use them correctly .
i think the only person i can think of who i truly respect is one peer of mine .
me and him had english 11 together and that was about it .
he 's your typical teenager who was late for class got into argument 's with the teacher did the bare minimum got bad grades and barely passed his classes .
he drinks does some drugs smokes weed and has a girl friend .
i helped him a lot and told him answers to questions and tests etc .
has a sour relationship with his parents and so on .
however he was n't as dumb as you would think .
he was smart as well except he did n't have desire to do the work .
he and i got along well because of his personality and his knowledge outside of school .
that was actually the sole reason he was always late for class and got bad grades .
he works at the old spaghetti factory and i believe they scheduled him full-time regardless of his age .
he worked a consistent 40 hours or more and is now the crew manager at age 17 !
i do n't understand how that 's possible but it is apparently .
anyway we do n't talk much since he has his own group of friends and i have mine sort of .
however he has a good job a girl friend and is graduating before me because of some form which makes him eligible to graduate with less credits .
he does n't exactly know what to do with his life and does n't have good grades and did n't take the act .
but i would admit that he 's more successful than me .
he bought his car mazda rx-8 2005 along with everything else with his own money .
i 'm super envious of him and he 's one of the few people i respect .
that 's because he 's a great example of a person who is n't perfect at all went through hardships and obtained most of his stuff by himself .
he 's not entirely responsible but when it comes to his job he is a different person .
i do n't understand what he did that i was n't able to do .
i do n't know if he had more opportunities than i did .
regardless he 's a person i respect over the friends i talk to on a daily basis and the majority of my cousins .
i 'm writing this right now because i would love your input and your thoughts because i honestly feel unfulfilled and envy as fuck atm .
i do n't know why but i guess it was time to let some of it out and hear other people 's thoughts on what i should do .
it 's never good to cage thoughts inside your head consistently .
if you actually took time to think and read through this entire post .
i would appreciate a relatively long answer that addresses all the things i mentioned .
hi atm i 'm 40 hours into fallout 4 and finished paladin danse 's quest about 8 hours in .
since then paladin danse does n't talk to me anymore he just says hes busy .
i did n't think there is anything wrong until i found out from a friend that a vertibird is suposed to come down from the sky at some point .
the bos vertibird did n't appear for me but travis on the radio is saying that there was a big light in the sky that has to do with the brotherhood .
my guess is the game think the vertibird spawned but it actually did n't .
i 'm also pretty far in the story killing a certain someone and seeking a certain group 's help .
i was thinking through console commands but i have no idea what to type .
my friend is having a holiday book exchange '' white elephant-style .
i 'm supposed to bring a book i 've been dying to read and/or dying to share but i ca n't think of anything impressive enough !
i do n't know a lot of the people coming to the party all i know is that they 're book nerds .
so i 've been pantsing a fluff fic no real overarching plot .
i got to 49,500 words and was at a good stopping point but then i was like no 1 more scene to get me to 50k .
i kill of one of the main character 's dads and she just loses her fucking mind .
we 're talking primal sorrowful rage here ... she just kinda snapped and all this stuff like thrashing around clawing at her friends who were trying to calm her down it actually feels like a piece of her mind broke or something .
well great now that i actually had a character face a serious conflict now i have to have a story and actual character development .
i 'm cuddly knuckle a.k.a wilbur and i 'm gon na post stuff for the poptropica help subreddit !
i 'm not sure if this is a stupid question but are the 2dses firmwares come with below or equal to 9.8 ?
also is there a way to figure out what firmware it comes with using the number on the boxes ?
i had liz do a custom pooping video for me and it was great !
she is obviously gorgeous but she is also sweet and sexy .
she responds quickly and delivers her promise on time !
ca n't wait to check out her bathroom diary !
i thought naturally the higher weight class would have noticeably higher lifts .
i heard that your son is actually 60 or something and is part of that faction i ca n't remember the name of .
spoiler is this a big late plot twist spoiler i should be annoyed about or do you find it out early-ish ?
so i 've been put on dexamphetamine and am currently in the process of titration if anyone 's curious currently on 2.5mg twice a day going to work up to 10mg twice a day .
issue 1 i currently have my p2 licence and am planning on upgrading to my full license i had my full license back in my hometown but had to downgrade it when i moved interstate but am not sure if the medication i am now on will result in me needing an authority letter or similar from the gp .
the same issue is also likely to affect me if i 'm pulled over for a roadside drug test .
issue 2 i am flying interstate in just over a month for a week seeing family who currently do n't know and will be bringing my medication over .
as it 's a controlled substance yeah getting that prescription filled was interesting . i 'm a little wary that i 'll get interrogated over it since it could be construed as drug trafficking .
because it is a controlled substance i 'm not comfortable leaving it at home and just taking the full week 's supply .
so the actual question is does anyone in australia have any experience with handling these sorts of matters and can provide me with some general advice on what they 've done ?
if he plays better than expected especially being healthy all season with proper managing and the team 's development of the rookies is very impressive..
i keep the house at 63 degrees during the day because even though i think 65/66 feels better and keeps my little ones hands and feet from freezing on the hardwood i got tired of complaints last year about the cost of gas .
we wear sweaters in the house and everyone wears socks .
the baby 's hands are always cold because she is learning to crawl but no real harm in that so i feel bad but ignore it .
i just woke up in a puddle of sweat to hear my baby crying so i rush in she is covered in sweat as well .
hmmm time to check the temp 80 fucking degrees !
everyone is in bed in winter jammies so we are all sweating i go to ask my husband why it 's so high and he is in his fucking boxers watching a movie .
he was cold so he turned it up ! ! ! !
we freeze all damn day while we are home to keep bills low and this mother fucker turns the temp up so high that he is literally striping off his clothing to remain comfortable !
i am so pissed right now i can barely think .
clearly in the morning we will be having a long talk .
it 's killing me my pc runs great on wifi and the ps4 was running at 7 mb/s at one point but i cant get it back up to that speed anymore and i do not know why .
i 've tried everything forwarding ports dmz restarting the console turning it off reseting the router .
i 'm running out of options and the resources on the internet are limited .
my tv gets great wifi my pc my phone but the ps4 is literally shit and im considering returning it and getting an xb1 if i cant even get online with it .
a hardwired connection to my router is not a possibility so dont even bother leaving comments about how wifi sucks ive played ps4 over wifi just fine in the past .
what would the best way for a combat vet to get into the fight be ?
all the links to apply to join the peshmerga seem to be down ... . and my understanding is turkey is bombing them anyways .
dual passports proficient french 11b 38b 300 pt 121 gt
i got back from that lab place with paladin danse and then he told me to do the two quest for the two knights at the police station .
i have done probably 6 or 7 of these each and i have yet to activate another main storyline bos quest ... what am i doing wrong ?
please be sure to check the important notes '' section at the end of the post .
here are all the bettables i have for sale atm
genuine hat of the kraken 31.31 d2l bet value http i.imgur.com/1m6tjio.jpg ? 1 2 1 21.5 20.5
low-tier item pack~~**|~~world chasm artifact 2 x regular barb of skadi ember spirit 's hat molten claw arms of desolation~~|~~1 18 17
not looking for cs go keys or any other types of trades for the bettables worth over 15 .
for the bettables worth below 15 or the other listed items/chests can accept cs go keys at a rate of 1.9 per key or other bettables worth more than 20 .
preffered payment method will be skrill only 1 fee on every transaction no matter the amount
paypal will be accepted in extremely rare cases here 's why https www.reddit.com/r/dota2trade/comments/3dyjmp/store_dc_hook_mid_high_tier_genuines_incl_poem/ct9zb5h
for transactions over 200 i 'm accepting western union here are the fees for some countries http i.imgur.com/f8dxxre.jpg ? 1 or moneygram a bit lower fees in the states than wu only
the bulk buy price via western union in the table is valid if you buy stuff worth 500 on a single transaction discount is around 5 or more .
all fees should be paid by the buyer incl .
middleman fees or tips if a mm has been used
people interested in buying should post a comment here before adding me in steam
i deserve the right to not sale to people with newly created reddit accounts or steam accounts that seem fishy to me
i can run gta max res on medium just fine so wondering if i should buy it on steam and if it would work ?
hey two titans 298 303 looking to join party .
i want to be humiliated by and forced to worship katy perry check my post history for other celebs too ! .
this would include ass/foot worship and face sitting humiliation public as well as comparing my ugly body to your perfect one breast smothering toilet play and just about anything else to demean me !
forcing me to do laundry with my mouth of course !
let me know which of these excite you and what you want to make me do !
i am male 24 and i learned to think myself to orgasm using just mind .
it never ends with ejaculation can last as long as i want and does n't have limits sometimes basically feeling like description of heroin from trainspotting .
if anyone familiar with this phenomena what kind of risks this could bring health wise ?
can you loose your mind or get health problem from it heart disease heart attack ?
i was just curious if anyone had tried on s logos from 2014/2015 and the wool one and thought that there was some sort of a sizing or fit difference between them .
besides blinding baby still bugged or do i have to finish a run with the lost again ?
ik its german but i think you 'll understand http puu.sh/lkwgu/042d0db7f3.jpg
so it says my last achievement was everything is terrible 2 ! ! !
and right below that it says im still missing everything is terrible 2 ! !
when i go to all achievements it says i still miss everything is terrible 2 ! ! !
so do i have everything is terrible 2 now ?
i recently realized pretty much all of a sudden that i am and always have been cf confirmed by the huge amount of relief i experienced when i realized that it truly was a choice and i did n't have to do it .
i was a bit worried about my parents ' reaction although they 're generally easy-going people you just never know with this kind of thing .
i was visiting my family parents younger sister brother-in-law 2 toddler-aged nieces and my dad asked me if i 'd ever thought of having kids .
i answered honestly something like yeah i 've thought about it and i 'm pretty sure i do n't '' and he grinned and said fair enough they 're not for everyone . ''
a few weeks later i was back home and having a skype conversation with mom and she told me how proud she is that i 've thought carefully about my decision and am taking time to consider my feelings .
so many people do n't even think about it '' she said .
it 's really a lifelong commitment and i feel like sometimes young couples do n't even think about all of the ramifications of having kids .
you 're so wise to recognize it for the lifestyle choice it is . ''
i 'm just so happy about this and figured i had to share
i 'm getting that performance is lacking and when i dished out 600 for my card it hurts .
i 'm looking to cut down on these loading screens to get more game time rather than just waiting there playing with 3d models of the items in game .
though the game is being ran on a segate barracuda as my bulk '' game drive .
i 'm going to transfer it over to my ssd over night and see if that boosts performance any .
if i where to do an upgrade to my system what should i do ?
id like to hold off on the gpu untill nvidia 10xx series .
those are supposedly going to blow the socks off everything currently out .
i almost forgot how it feels to actually experience league for what it really is ... a game .
maybe it 's just because of all the pre-season shenanigans and getting to learn a bunch of new stuff .
tanks imo were a main thing in season 5 that made me reluctant to play league .
it was just so frustrating to deal with a tahm braum sejuani comp that actually worked .
yes now that more people are playing carries and there 's less peel rengar will become more popular .
but i would much rather deal with 1 rengar rather than 3 tanks .
the new items help ad carries actually carry mages already got buffed toward the end of season 5 and top lane is way more diverse now with the new items .
i have high hopes for this season but i do n't think it could be any worse than this season .
this could be more ceremonious but i 've just woken up and it is n't exactly election night is it
make of this what you will come today to argue over it haha oh no
just wondering about a couple of things and figured here was the best place to ask .
does anyone know if there 's a way to limit the screen shake when you mine rocks/hit trees ?
i 've messed with the settings but i ca n't seem to make it lessen and it makes me feel oddly queasy .
i play on a non-dedicated server with my friend and whilst i can see how far i am from him with the server tether set to 600m i was wondering if there was a way for him as the host to also see the distance and my location ?
i 'm trying to get the open sdk toolchain to work for my esp8266 but everything i compile and flash gives me strange serial output .
after adding in some code to set the baud rate and compiling the code in basic_examples '' from here https github.com/esp8266/source-code-examples i get some debug connection information mixed in with the repeated of hello '' .
after a little investigation it looks very similar to the example wifi event handler given in the sdk documentation see pages 73-74 of the version 1.4 sdk api guide .
even after trying to set my own wifi event handler it ignores that and still prints out the default debug information .
is this sort of thing normal for the open sdk or is there something i 'm doing wrong ?
the long story short of it is that i truly believe that as a whole we being modern day christians have grossly misinterpreted and warped the scriptures to feed our own needs hence the over the top bible belt mega church pastors those who preach hate those who ignore their own sin and think that some are worse than others think homophobic pastors .
it 's frustrating to me because some of the things that a lot of these christians '' are vocal about actually go widely against jesus 's actual message .
the thing that a lot of non-christians do n't realize is that the reason christ was crucified was because of how radically against the religious leaders of the time he was .
i 'm only like 18k into it i am just finishing the first act .
he comes down again and lo and behold we 're messing everything up again .
story goes through the same motions and we end up crucifying him again .
so it 's the jesus story with some modern twists to it .
it is meant to be an attack on some of the hypocritical type christians the super rich gluttonous homophobic etc .
the plot itself is told in limited 3rd with two male main characters .
one is like the previously mentioned christian '' an intentional one dimensional character and the other is agnostic but incredibly dynamic .
they get caught up in jesus 's journey and travel across the country until his inevitable death .
i have a lot of christian friends who love what they have read so far and i 'm fairly confident that when it does get finished it will be a hit within that niche .
i 'm just curious on how it would do on a broader scale .
so agnostics/atheists/non-religious/other religion people would a satirical book showcasing the failings of modern day christians appeal to you ?
does anyone on this planet still use epitome hotel system ?
let us all hope that horrible terrorist attacks will stop in france and let 's hope that they wo n't strike in other europe countries i wish you good luck france and all other countries in europe .
as the title says i got married last year .
my sister is getting married next year in europe .
she has the venue catering dj booked and florist too i believe .
but she 's a bit clueless as to what else needs doing .
invites have gone out and rsvps received i believe there will be around 60 guests .
what should i remind her of and is there anything specific to destination weddings i might not have thought of ?
i know it detracts from the battleroyale but we 're a community here and i feel that taking the few seconds to change our flairs is the least we can do .
i love league of legends thats why i draw a lot league of legends champions http imgur.com/a/2phjx .
some drawings are from the beginning of mine journey and are simple redraws of splash arts but newest projects are my original ideas tahm kench goes fishing true zombie jinx kindred rengar and family .
if you are interested in more of my work check my facebook page https www.facebook.com/blondynkitezgraja
i want to buy a high-quality airsoft gun to use as a prop for my future short films .
due to recent events i call upon everyone to make matches using only non-lethal weapons as a way to appeal to world peace .
by my side i will make this are you coming ?
i guess there could be a very long pipe hidden out of sight of the screenshot http i.imgur.com/n922rbg.jpg .
i have data that print out 1 's and 0'2 depending on certain requirements what i ca n't figure out is how to change them 0 's and 1 's to text .
the data is sent through php so i was thinking i would need a if statement
the problem i am facing is the data is stored in a html table and has many 1 's and 0 's i need to manipulate them all can anyone help me the code above is just a example of what i think i would need but does n't work for me
can some one help me with a wiring diagram for a canadian 2015 tundra crewmax .
so the other day i decided to go to the one in ame-mura .
i asked for scrambled eggs and pancakes instead i got a rolled up omelet under-seasoned with a plate of giant whipped cream with pancakes barely visible .
thanks for the trade i 'll update my gcx rep profile tomorrow !
people who think because you 're old you do n't know how to use technology .
yes but maybe the winds have died down by now .
actually just had a game where dying ward blocked my skillshot .
was aiming at a drag so nothing important but still ...
perfect everything well except you left some panties on the floor .
no i 'm acting like they wo n't make the playoffs in the east and any team that does n't make the playoffs in the east is horrible .
i guess they 're still worried about uninformed morons complaining about how the game is full of bugs or runs like shit or lacks polish .
isnt that pretty much what we have now anyway ?
i mean i literally havent been able to play 1.3 without at least 1 ctd every time since it came out .
might as well release 2.0 couldnt be much worse then the current broken build hell at least it adds new things to test and tinker with .
that makes sense but right now i just go to work and go home .
i do n't know what activity to do and if i feel like i did do something it would feel like the reason i did it was to find a girl .
i do n't lose too much sleep over this it 'll work out eventually just not right now .
your post have been removed as it appears that it is not following the posting guidelines for posting image submissions in r/ps4
screenshots posts must include screenshot in the title in brackets .
image posts that are n't screenshots such as an artistic drawing must include image in the title in brackets .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/ps4 if you have any questions or concerns .
outlandish '' does n't show up in the entry for false '' in my thesaurus .
if this happened near you would you be okay ?
i 'd be scared to death and heartbroken searching reddit and the news and fb for any new info .
no there was a terrorist attack and 130 people died .
its not about left wing right wing or where you come from on earth .
every non-muslim on earth and the average moderate muslim recognizes there 's something wrong with some patrons of the islamic faith .
the more we run away from it and not address it this problem will keep growing until one day something will happen that puts an end to the whole thing .
i 'm a south asian and i come from a country where a 30 year old civil war ended in the late 10 's .
our government decimated those who terrorized our country and its population for 30 years .
sad events that took place today were common place for us in those 30 years .
while we 're still being punished in the international arena for not following certain norms and procedures laid out for handling modern conflicts i know my country and those on either side of the conflict are better off today for ending what were nothing less than a bunch of cowards who took up arms and decided to fight for an ideology whose tactics had no place in the modern world .
a progressive nations want to be a part of a just society and live looking ahead and let go of past conflicts and misgivings .
anyone who takes up arms and kills innocent people over some religious or political ideology deserve nothing less than to be decimated .
if someone has a problem they can work within the frameworks of civil society be it about culture or religion .
as for minorities if they are having difficulty with the majority population they too must work within the frameworks of civility and democracy .
if the democracy is weak then you address that first with the rest of the majority if the majority are just people they too would see the benefit in that so you work together ! .
regardless of what happens a minority should have no right to take up arms and terrorize a population over their grievances .
any minority and islamic terrorists are a minority in this world agitating a population expecting to force change given enough repetition will end up a failed cause .
bf4 has a higher player base on ps4 than pc does .
not sure where you 're getting your info from .
as far as graphics go no they wo n't be better on pc and if so it 's such a small margine it will not be noticeable due to consoles holding pc versions of the game back .
i just got my love scepter yesterday and i got mine from a pookivil spawn within a wisp during the battle
how did you connect your cpu directly into the wire withouth a motherboard ram hdd and all that stuff ?
... i was having a problem getting to reddits main page ... ... then i was having problems getting to tmor .
want to move out sometime next year or early 2017 .
it 's amazing how much simply knowing english can improve your salary around the world
sorry but we needed to remove your submission https www.reddit.com/r/starwars/comments/3sqoyi/kylos_dodge_darth for the following reason
feel free to message the mods https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/starwars subject=question regarding the removal of this submission by u/therealkjb message=i have a question regarding the removal of this submission .
mine was happier then i was when i find out .
i was shocked and bawling and he was relaxed and calm and happy and even he made abortion jokes he mentioned a coat hanger though .
i finally snapped on him and had a pregnant sob fest telling him it hurt my feelings even if it was a joke and he has n't made one since .
but he had the same sense of humour so i get it .
be honest now we 're deep enough in the thread that nobody will notice if you out yourself .
they had the multiple subway bombings a few years ago .
we eventually got tile floor because it was too expensive to keep cleaning the carpet .
and the copy repair bills do n't even get me started .
i maxed mine trying to max lucifer and i already have all the pulls but it will be nice to finish skilling my ss isis and misato
ya there was also a time when we referred to war '' when a real war was going on .
now they use war '' to describe drugs obesity poverty etc ...
since the recent driver update the 380 has been doing a lot better against the 960 .
before the driver update though i would have said 960 was better but now the 380 seems to be edging it .
all my overweight friends who are like hey you look great !
my automatic response is eat veggies and exercise . ''
they always respond with that 's so hard . ''
with the latter i respond want me to text you to check in ? ''
i text them and it 's i did n't because i did n't think of it ! ''
or i was soooo busy doing ... .. '' or whatever their excuse is this time .
it makes me not want to offer to help them out when i know they 're going to give up/not try just like every other time they go through this phase .
yes like the op suggesting you should get t2 boots right away before 12 minutes .
if laning is not completely over t2 boots is a horrible item .
i 'd really like to see the op 's elo .
turkey has known isis hangouts where adherents can meet and socialize and training camps as well .
but an alcohol centered festival is too much to handle ?
erdogan is tightening his grip with the help of strict muslims but they would do well to remember that turkey is a powerful and wealthy nation because of secular-minded reforms and policies .
i figure if i can become a cyborg before my body craps out i 'm good .
those players are n't directly related to these players through trades or financial issues .
there is nothing more i love on earth than baseball and the braves are the team i root for but i 'm just asking why do we love the braves ?
why is it that we like the brand more than the players themselves ?
no matter what happens i will always be a huge braves fan .
it 's just something i was thinking about recently .
you didnt make a point just quoted some miss quotes .
as much as i hate these tragic events it 's always good to see everyone banding together .
the quest from heroic archimonde where you can get the moose mount
well most of the art is based on real stuff so it probably is too minus the squidy/fishy bits .
besides getting a diploma learning a metric fuckton and the chance of a better paying career college is a great experience .
you meet tons of interesting people shape your world views and learn how to seek out information on your own .
highly unlikely unless there have been rumors and news i have n't heard .
for me it was the last stage battling the unknown on z hard dropped 3 of him 3 days ago
and you sound like you are responding to your parents when they tell you that you are fucking up .
could you be any more of a total stereotype ?
i can get you done tomorrow afternoon after i get the jeep i have to do out of the way i 'm in willoughby pm me if you 're interested .
edit all i can find is the team ca n't trade rivers .
they ca n't force him to live out his contract .
piggybacking reasonably related comment paternoster '' is latin for our father '' the common prayer .
presumably they 're called this because one would utter a paternoster asking for a blessing before hopping on and getting their legs crushed off .
i mean he 's not in the same dimension he started at when we see him go to jail spoiler
if you leave the other countries alone the violent groups will overtake the whole region and become stronger .
it was a mistake to invade in the first place but it 'd be another mistake to let these groups grow even stronger .
i 'm not a fan of it either at all but if it keeps him playing this well offensively i might be convinced that it 's okay .
ive got a 95 pathfinder it had just about 200k when i blew the transmission towing it with a uhaul psa disconnect your drive shaft during towing ! .
it would 've lasted many many more miles had i known to remove the driveshaft .
engine is still in good shape even over 225k now .
its showing its age but still goes up mountains with ease .
i cant speak for newer pathfinders but the suspension has seen the most damage on mine .
maybe i really hope its improved over the years but thats seen the most damage far more than the engine or transmission before its untimely demise .
i have the same boots going on 4 months .
moments like that are why metalocalypse needs its conclusion .
i had no idea brendon small did this stuff .
again how is the actual vanilla game falling apart ?
how is the game ruined and unplayable if you do not participate in skins whatsoever ?
i refuse to substantially pay for something as paltry as a weapon skin for trivial stat changes .
i 'll take free ones out of card drops sure whatever but i wont pay .
you dont have to and your game experience will not be worse than before the skin introduction so why exactly are you mad ?
also if i forgot to mention it 's a ip ban
trying to do something like this in 45 days is really going to be pushing you to rush it .
honestly you should wait until january start sending out emails and the ones who do n't respond back within a week or two you then send a snail-mail letter to them and if they have n't responded in a month or 2 send a follow-up or make a phone call .
if you google something like print your own cookbook '' you 'll get a ton of links for companies that do that sort of thing for fundraisers such .
if you look around you can probably also find templates for software like microsoft office or other word processors .
if you find your own templates you can just put the pages together on your own and take it to your local copy center to have printed bound .
seriously though if i were you i 'd work on this project to give next christmas if you do n't have that much time do n't rush it .
fart in their face and see if they make any facial movements .
carmelo which is n't the be all and end all says young wo n't be a contributor until 2019 .
well if you do n't want to trust me there 's no reason i should crack it i would upload the mfa for it and you would be all whiney like oh pete7201 hacked my computer zimzam is the securest thing ever ''
zimzam is not very effective because it ca n't be
you could do a crypto packer but the key for it would have to be present or you could get clever
also i heard zimzam messes with binary files you attach to your game exe .
i have n't tried this but most of my mmf applications use binary files mp4 videos mostly and if they are going to get messed up then zim zam is a useless shit because it wo n't even work on half of the mmf apps made
i bet scott or clickteam wo n't even notice this .
it 's very hard to get noticed though now a days
yeah i think im gon na try that because the only other thing that i know breaks me out for sure is the cerave cream in the tub but my skin love the pump version .
my question is how do i convince my mother to stop seeing her homeopathic chiropractor '' and be done with all the pills and snake oil without being dickish ?
well then obviously game management '' can only be applied to the catcher .
he 's the one calling pitches/controlling the pitching staff .
if your complaint is n't him verse other catchers what are you complaining about ?
chryssihuh so why 's there the bar then the browning lmg ?
checkout r/hardwareswap for some awesome deals on used cards .
unfortunately my frame and engine were crushed/bent in pretty bad towards the driver side of the car so not much i could do
mac strobe cream lord knows i have too much liquid/cream glowy stuff but not this one !
if not it 's coo coo wo n't buy marc jacobs daisy glamglow powermud
i just gave up trying to get a replacement for mine and returned it and placed an order for a replacement .
they do n't have one to give you for exchange likely so just return it .
you may not compare the two but others do .
it was still just as tragic for all of the families involved .
whether it 's planes flying into buildings in major us cities or guns and bombs going off in a major city in france .
if you are raging at them over the immoral content of the books that they exalt then yes .
tt lol you see how i stole his rebound ?
chipper and puppet master were great to play too .
it 's a way for a large group of people to express frustration and experience a bit of relief by knowing it 's a shared frustration allowing them to pick themselves up and continue with their lives in the face of tragedy .
the classic story of why it 's important for the tournament rules to work this way is the yawgmoth 's will debacle .
during the 6th edition oracle text update yawgmoth 's will was accidentally worded to exile the cards as a triggered ability instead of as a replacement effect .
which creates an easy infinite-mana combo cast will then cast a dark ritual .
when the ritual goes to the graveyard and yawgmoth 's will triggers cast dark ritual from the graveyard in response to the trigger re-triggering yawgmoth 's will then respond to the new trigger by casting dark ritual again ...
of course as a replacement effect this is n't possible .
but the oracle text got screwed up and the rules say the oracle text is the text of the card .
a bunch of players aware of this bug in the oracle text showed up planning to exploit it .
but the head judge cyril grillon held a meeting before the tournament and announced that he 'd use his authority as head judge to rule yawgmoth 's will a replacement effect thus shutting off the infinite combo .
several tried to play it as a trigger anyway got into it with the judges and were disqualified for their behavior .
the dci issued a letter supporting cyril 's decision http www.wizards.com/sideboard/article.asp ? sb19990728a .
and notably they worded it in terms of a head judge 's defined role specifically that the head judge of a sanctioned event is the final authority for that event .
i like to use this story when explaining the role of a head judge to judges i 'm teaching/training because it drives home both the importance of the way the tournament rules define the role and the type of extremely unusual circumstance in which it should be used setting aside the ol ' basic-land switcheroo which most people do n't think of in terms of the head judge 's authority .
sometimes i accompany it by paraphrasing one of my favorite quotes http www.imdb.com/title/tt0107007/quotes ? item=qt0392562 because the analogy is apt in magic there 's nothing so much like a god on earth as a head judge on the tournament floor .
young men are the best candidate for undertaking a treacherous journey .
once they have asylum they can legally bring over close relatives through convenient means such as train or plane from a neighbouring country which is a much easier journey .
it has always launched fine in borderless windowed for me but i can not get any resolution to launch in actual fullscreen freesync wont work without it but that 's only a problem in 4k where the framerate is constantly fluctuating
btw are there rewards like ones in dota 2 for watching live ?
here 's one of the methods i use for getting a cross threaded screw out of a firearm .
remove everything but the part you 're trying to fix .
take you a rubber band/sock/something and twist it off with pliers/channel locks/etc .
if the above does n't work very lightly tap the lifted part with a hammer .
if it makes a thunk bang or anything but a tiny tapping noise you hit it way too hard .
stop with the smilies man it 's creeping me out why are they backwards ?
islamic extremism goes a bit beyond that now however .
indoctrination of oppression and discrimination from the west fuels recruitment into these terrorist cells .
it 's just a whole big pot that 's been stirring for a while and no one knows when they 're going to turn off the stove .
i will never blame good muslims for all this bullshit .
i 'm sorry your religion takes a hit everyone something likes this happens .
this sounds like an interesting vulnerability in human drivers .
figure out how humans detect emergency vehicles and then use that to get the slow jerk of a human in front of you to move over .
the idea that there 's only one thing or another to do to deal with this is incorrect .
our response should be sophisticated and should include people dying .
this is behavior that even most 12 year olds would seemingly know better than .
your going to be given up a lot of freedom you have grown accustom to .
after loads of women told me i love sean connery he 's so sexy and he did n't care that he went bald he just carried on '' lol
he was a legit 20/20 threat in those days and should have had the ball at every possible opportunity .
he was the franchise player while still in orlando but by no means was he the top option on offense when a legitimately performing turkoglu and lewis were waiting on the wings .
worth noting also that his post game at the time was mediocre at best .
if you 're looking for points you were better off putting the ball in turkoglu or nelson 's hands on the wing over dwight 's in the post and trusting them to make a play .
your submission has been automatically removed because the title does not include one of the required tags .
please check the sidebar for information about tagging your submission properly .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/jobs if you have any questions or concerns .
that would make it one emirate not a federation of 7 .
it 's a union of principalities ruled by a president and prime minister .
here 's hoping for a nautilus skin.. even though it 's most likely not going to happen ... here 's hoping
glad i made the 20km trek to get thruster components .
hydrogen is such a pain to use on small ships ...
or maybe i was directing my disbelief and irritation specifically to the people who were calling this attack a false flag government sanctioned and run operation before the dust had even settled with zero actual evidence .
your guilty conscience making you feel like my comment had anything to do with you and your opinion is not even close to my problem .
i 'd focus on the fact that this consistently happens to you at home but can not be reproduced when the car is at the dealer .
can you trade cars with a friend for a week and see if they experience the same issues you do ?
that may rule out environmental issues and driving style .
wish i could say it got easier but i 'm pushing 40 and feel the same .
when younger i was certainly the type to always be hanging out or at least participating in some activity .
i do pretty well at job and relationship and family kids and a few other closely related things .
keep thinking about how to make space to meet more people but it 's legit hard and wo n't really happen until i deprioritize something else ...
i looked through the thread but do n't get it .
btw are there rewards like ones in dota 2 for watching live ?
ugh i might have to call back about that tomorrow when they open back up .
have n't heard of s.p.e.c.i.a.l did n't see any footage out of e3 not a single commercial etc .
i 'm not really into the whole gaming scene but i can tell you fallout 4 was something everyone was talking about .
u/djingoismunchained is right in the regard that the game was marketed predominantly by fans .
as long as it 's not being called candy i 'm good .
not sure how to send it back since i do n't have the boxes
then why no one ever respond to me on the subreddit r/hockey ?
he does n't want to upset the mentally ill who voted for him in record numbers .
yet another sign the ceo is weak and needs to go .
a six pack of 2am molotov cocktails would solve that shit .
player who recorded this was a zed not the quinn so the hud is zed 's hud .
i do that for all of my students for privacy .
i did hear about that yes but it was n't last week .
damn uber bailed out on him at the last minute .
i was able to talk skinny malone into letting us go but that was just cuz i kept dying so i kept on trying .
when i went down into the subway at first and saw like 20 guys milling around i was thinking i wish i did n't have to kill these dudes .
it 'd be nice to have been able to say take me to skinny malone i wan na talk to him but it 'd only work with very high speech or else its just a dead end to die .
the old fallouts did stuff like that sometimes like in fallout 1 when you find the super mutants in necropolis you could talk to them they were dumb but they 'd take you to lou if you asked then you 'd get either tortured to give up the vault or you could manuever it to get locked up .
anyway not sure what you could do from there but i liked that it happened .
ich verteidige menschen und nicht die religion an sich die moslems sind weil sie nunmal in eine islamische familie reingeboren wurden und die meisten menschen halt spiritualität und religion für ihr seelisches wohlbefinden brauchen .
die wären auch christen geworden wenn sie in eine deutsche familie reingeboren worden wären .
die finden diese ganzen gewaltfantasien auch nicht gut sagen aber dass das alles metaphorisch oder für eine spezifische situation in mohammeds leben gemeint war rate mal welche anderen religionen ihre zahlreichen tötungsaufrufe ebenso verteidigen ?
ich persönlich bin der meinung dass daesh die einzigen sind die den islam so leben wie er gemeint war .
dennoch verwehre ich menschen nicht meine hilfe die vor dem is fliehen weil sie für sich persönlich entschieden haben dass der islam entgegen aller logik nicht so sein sollte .
as you say this is a side effect of your our flawed human brain meat .
simply lie face down where you are with your hands clasped behind your head and your ankles crossed .
and across 2 real techs that i manage with the bad shop layout it 's hard to keep track .
someone explain to my boss that a wall of half usable safety deposit boxes is not real storage .
i would like a source too but i suppose you can still die from being slowly run over .
not something i 've ever actually heard of happening in a parking lot though to be honest .
he 's certainly being a dick but i do agree that being wronged is really common but it does n't mean you can sue .
litigation is really expensive and inconvenient suing an nfl team is certainly a challenging legal endeavor .
i still think he has a good suit though .
wish him the best of luck hopefully he gets enough to have an easier daily life .
1st scenario yeldon he has been scoring in double digits last 2 weeks and the jags move the ball effectively and langford if forte sits west if forte plays .
i own white but will probably stay away until i see how they plan to se him compared to bolden .
that 's what i meant by it does n't matter it 's not an argument worth considering if you 're reasonable
honestly we might need them to because while we might be fighting isis we are n't fighting them as a coalition war we 're fighting them like we faught in bosnia and vietnam policing and 'no-fly ' zones and airstrikes not actually getting shit done on the ground .
you kinda got your colours from the tricolor did n't you ?
this post has been automatically designated a fallout 4 spoiler flair .
if this appears to be a mistake i do make them from time to time !
however be aware that malicious untagging of spoilers will be met with serious moderator action .
protectron has been allowed lawful use of deadly force you will be added to the target list .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/fallout if you have any questions or concerns .
we did n't 'do nothing ' to help korea the west liberated half the peninsula .
it was only the stepping in of a major world power that stopped us liberating the rest .
i realize that the korean war is called the forgotten war and that it is horrifying what is happening over there but to say we have 'done nothing ' is just wrong .
unfortunately the sentences are a joke and the police is largely powerless anyway
i think they can use it i have many settlements that have 0 food and 0 water and it stays blue and 70 happiness because they are connected through a supply line network .
net assets if 30 billion does not mean 30 billion was invested in that year .
it could even be 30b in cash on hand .
of course it is n't but with those profits they must have a decent amount of liquid assets kicking around .
a lot of the 30b in assets will be buildings and internet/tv infrastructure that will be used to generate revenue for many years .
there will always be chance when he goes out alone though .
games were expensive because the market was willing to pay that much for the game .
the cost of manufacture set a minimum of course but it does n't drive the upper bound of the price .
when we got to cds which had insanely low manufacturing costs relatively the price of games remained the same .
even digital downloads today are n't offering much of a discount if any at all .
i 'm just saying the actual cost to build the cart was n't really the reason for a 60 price .
ooh and there is the liberation based healing conference all day tomorrow at csu northridge .
its a conference rather than a protest but you could get some good pics of a bunch of radical native american activists
no i guess not sorry it 's a religion .
middle-eastern though is and people are still going to judge based on this .
i 'm guessing she was n't able to prove she legally acquired the 15million dollars that can not be connected in any way to any alleged criminal activity ''
whether a player that is expected to play well or a player that is not expected to play well plays above their expectation is not consistently predictable in the same way that a person can not predict the cards they 'll get in a poker game .
here is a fault in your argument and where dfs differs as a game of skill to poker .
there is a big difference between the unpredictability of poker vs dfs .
in poker the cards you get are essentially random .
there is no way whatsoever to predict which cards you may get in any hand .
and each hand if the deck is shuffled as in online poker begins the same way with completely random cards .
in addition if playing against several players once a particular card is dealt no one else may have the same card for the remainder of that hand a second factor of random chance that affects your own hand and therefore your chances of winning completely out of your hands .
in dfs how well a player plays is determined by a number of factors some of which can be random or unpredictable for example an injury weather sickness mood ball inflation but many more factors which can be known or predicted with high degrees of certainty winning percentage at home year to date stats strength of matchup etc .
dfs performance may seem random but it 's not .
dfs players can research analyze and delve into these predictable elements and develop trends and rank players on a game by game basis .
the more research and analysis done the lower the amount of random chance that factors into the results .
the skill required for poker all happens after the initial random deal which i think is a critical difference .
furthermore all players of dfs have access to the same pool of athletes and two people can have the same exact lineup and both win .
one player 's hand '' does not affect anothers .
now most states use a definition regarding games of skill that account for some measure of random chance .
it 's the amount of skill to chance required that makes a game legal or not .
personally i think online poker should be legal as well but if states are going to allow for some amount of chance to be present in a legal game of skill then dfs has much more skill required than poker and so they are not comparable in my mind .
the person would leave me alone then which is what i want .
lot of good it did the us on 9/11 .
i will think very long and hard on what you have said here mx .
here is what i have to say regarding bootlegs and broadway musicals
unlike movies and tv shows broadway shows/plays/musicals are not widespread entertainment .
they are limited to the city of new york city in the theatre that they are running in for a certain amount of time .
anyone can rent an old movie or binge watch an already existing tv show but not everyone can go see a broadway show .
let me paint you a picture i am 21 years old and i have been a fan of broadway since i was 15 .
i live in san diego california over 3,000 miles away from nyc and broadway and while i may get to see some broadway shows on their national tours when they come to the civic theatre i do not see broadway shows on a regular basis .
i have actually only seen 1 show on broadway and that was back in 2009 when my 8th grade class went to the east coast and we all saw mary poppins '' .
back to my point ... the broadway fans out there who do not live in new york city and can not get there to see the shows they want to see have only a couple of things to turn to cast recordings which are awesome and in my opinion every broadway show hit or flop should be recorded youtube and bootlegs .
the reason why i watch purchase and own bootlegs of broadway musicals is because i love these shows and do not/did not have the privilege of seeing the show s live .
the people who watch bootlegs are not watching them and adamantly not seeing the shows they 're watching bootlegs because they ca n't see the shows .
if you gave broadway fan the choice to either see the show live or watch the bootleg they would choose the live show !
there is another opinion that has been done very successfully in the past proshot !
when broadway musicals are proshot and released on dvd for home viewing fans are ecstatic !
sweeney todd victor/victoria into the woods passion sunday in the park les miserables phantom of the opera love never dies .
these are just a couple of the musicals that i know of that have been proshot and released on dvd .
if every broadway musical was proshot with professional cameras a live audience and the producers made the decision to release the show on dvd or not bootleg numbers would go down .
broadway fans just want to see the shows they are obsessing over ... so give them what they want .
why do you think nbc 's live musicals get such high ratings ? ?
because it is basically a broadway show that you can watch on tv in your own home .
to review bootlegs watchers are not evil ... every broadway show should be proshot ... broadway fans just want their musicals !
peeped it last night as i went to sleep .
the beats are amazing and logics flows were tight af and concepts were dope .
i really fux w this album and i didnt think i would
i had a reeeeeally sweet ui back in cata/mop .
did you happen to use the dead wire ammo at any point in this game ?
well looks like you did n't do your research .
odd they all claim themselves in interviews that they come here for better economy .
muslims have no reason to be honest since gullible people eat their tearshedding stories up no questions asked .
so this is what i did that one time by accident ...
word it 's not that long ago that europe suffered the terrorism of the ira and raf .
this seems to have occurred because it is not a direct link to a single image or it is not hosted on an image hosting site .
read below before messaging the mods about this removal .
if you did submit to imgur and this was removed you most likely linked to an imgur page and not to the .jpg of the image itself .
please double check this 99 of the time this is the issue .
if you are using res it automatically fills in .jpg when you look at the link but most of the time it actually is n't there .
the url of your submission needs to end with .jpg .jpeg or .png and it should be hosted on an image hosting site such as imgur http imgur.com or minus http minus.com .
if you are submitting an image then please be considerate of mobile and res users and resubmit your post as a direct link .
for your convenience here is your submitted link with a .jpg file extension appended to the end .
if the above link does not work right-click on your image select copy image url and paste that into the reddit submission page .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/photoshopbattles if you have any questions or concerns .
it 's a shame people do n't acknowledge this because it makes finding muslim friends so much harder .
i once talked to a girl about it but sadly she is not in my university anymore .
but she was studying islamic studies or so and told me about her law class .
they were discussing if it 's true and/or alright that only men can divorce their women by saying they want a divorce .
and one muslim girl raised her hand and actually says well sometimes women get mad and say things they do n't mean and it would be silly if they say they want a divorce one minute but change their mind in the next '' like what muslima does honestly believe stuff like that ?
first time i did i was looking up something and searched asshole.com thinking it would be something funny i cant recall what i was looking up before that but it sounded like it would be funny along with what i was looking at ..got something i wasnt ready for ... a lot if pissing in pants or something if i recall..was a school computer as well
the diamond arranged buttons like on the 3ds or ps3 never felt natural for smash .
i use x for jump on gc so i always made the right most button jump a .
that was until i played rivals of aether with ps3 controller .
so now i play with b attack y special x jump and a shield .
you did not include the image 's resolution the width and height in pixels in the title .
you should put the resolution in brackets at the end of your title .
i am a bot r/pornoverlords/wiki/pornoverlord-info and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to 2fr 2fearthporn if you have any questions or concerns .
it 's a bit iffy for me because my grandmother died at age 70 from old age so i 'm not really sure where the line is .
and i suppose the usual spiel of therapy and medication has n't worked out for you ?
now just share it with that 30 nukes at once guy !
there 's another one in the super duper mart behind the employees only door .
i was about to correct you but then i saw your name .
i saw a post over in r/medicine where someone said they were allergic to normal saline .
spent 4 years living in north carolina tried it once and wo n't be making that mistake again .
i 'm a bot that can roll dice if you mention me in your comments .
i would have posted it with a how i feel right now '' .
first reaction is fear but you know the terrorist win if you give in to terror .
this sums it up well for me do n't want to say hateful crap but profanity fees very appropriate .
aber die gewalt in paris hatte ganz andere dimensionen .
take a break and run some story quests or just go out and explore .
the guns you pick up can be scrapped for steel and other things plus you can use the reward money from missions to buy it .
i do n't get it you are a tank and u want to do dmg ?
eso is the mmo where you can respec as much as u want .
that i 'm not smart and certainly not smart enough to meet or even come remotely close to the standard that my older sister set that i am now held to .
she 's going into her masters degree and i 'm failing my first semester of college
it 's not like you can move it back a week mark wahlberg has a movie opening the next weekend .
and yesterday i could not play for 2 hours because server issues stuck at main screen .
do you think theyll be changing gun laws in france anytime soon ?
or will they just use this for more military intervention in syria which will cause more attacks like this one ?
he 's a stat stick with a typically redundant active probably obsolete if you have db vamp .
the british hired 30,000 hessian mercenaries to fight against the american colonies during the revolution .
edit i am fully aware of the differences between the prussians and the hessians .
the point was the british were n't alone in fighting the colonists/other european powers as some like to portray it .
it 's time to play r/squaredcircle 's faaaaavourite game ... mindlessly speculate about things you have no way of knowing about so that you can shit on kevin dunn for something he may or may not even be related to !
you should see indian spiderwomen taking help from indian superman .
idk if this classifies as a random but i 'm trying to get bird eggs i 'm 150-200 bird nest dry 85 wc
there are no achievements in hearthstone but we can view cardbacks as surrogate achievements you are rewarded with them for achieving a certain action reaching rank 20 in a certain season .
achievements by definition tend to be exclusive to those who have earned them in any game so simply granting access to anybody who wants to shell out the cash cheapens the gratification of obtaining them legitimately .
this wo n't cause wwiii or any great horrors as you seem to think people are worried about they 're not but it would n't be good in my opinion .
when we were in 6th grade he jumped onto his bed and slammed both of his fists on the bed causing them to bounce back and hit him in the face .
he ended up getting two black eyes out of it and a very funny story to go with it .
a certain percentage of patients definitely end up with post vasectomy pain .
but you have to weight those small odds against all of the potential benefits .
the one thing you can do is find the best damn urologist around .
be willing to pay more to get the right one .
i had a no needle no scalpel procedure 3 weeks ago .
there was a small amount of pain during the procedure because i needed more numbing than most patients .
but after a week i was back to working out and sexual activity with minimal discomfort .
i know there 's the possibility that i could experience pain down the line but the relief of being sterile is worth it .
i have a firm conviction that talking about your past sexual partners is pretty tacky .
revealing your number or details about past sexual activities is never a happy experience for either person and people who tend to ask this question seem to be hung up or insecure about sex .
people who are comfortable with their partners having had sex before or their own sexual history do n't bother to ask because they do n't really care .
i 'd suggest that you tell this girl that you were n't forthcoming with accurate information on your sexual history because you like to keep that information private .
if there was anything important you knew was necessary to disclose such as that you had a child or an std you would certainly divulge that to her as it 's a matter of courtesy and safety .
but out of respect for your previous relationships you do n't like to talk about what you did and did n't do with anyone .
you will respect her privacy the same way and hope she will do the same .
he said he took 9 codes and that we can have the rest
what do they call the hunger games in europe ?
how is 364 yearly maintenance for a car .02 a mile but 160 yearly maintenance on a bike .08 a mile ?
are you not dividing by the same total miles ?
these people count 911 as one and dylan roof as one
yeah these hawks announcers are laughing at our 3 point bricks .
apologizing for having mad max at 3 instead of 1
why the hell would you guys even use the wildcat when you have cam fuckin newton ?
he 's talking about the cs players because he 's on the cs go subreddit .
when it was released in 1988 it was the most expensive film to date 63 million budget my fav part is the end where they dedicate the film to taliban freedom fighters the same guys the us has been trying to kill for the last ten years
i 've finished breeding reply whenever you are able to trade back .
let 's judge japan as a whole on aum shinrikyo the day we judge the us on the branch davidians at waco .
maybe because he know he was breaking the rules and was expecting this ?
if you disagree with this action you can message the mods https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fblackpeopletwitter subject message .
please include a link to your post so that we can see it .
you make it sound like geo-politics is as simple as going after bad guys
i think the intent of the open-ish world was to give us the feeling of the inquisition being an active presence in the world as events unfolded .
problem is while there were definitely flashes of that throughout the game it was n't as constant or present as i 'm sure they had intended .
i 'm not really arguing for or against the open-world map thought i lean towards da o for my favorite way the game was laid out '' i 'm just thinking that 's what they were shooting for .
and they ended up a bit off the mark .
oh i understood it as she got a boyfriend after the comment .
guys i 'm doing a kind thing out of the kindness of my heart see ?
do i get those ten dollars to the game as well ?
i 'm pretty sure the duh at the end is to emphasize sarcasm ?
though i 'm not sure if i 'm happy about the exp tool the streamer is using it leads down the same path as just holding down the z button '' .
though using a hacking tool to determine the memory addresses of where exp is stored and creating a tool to display information that is not accessible to a regular player does sound rather legit .
i 'll try to be around 5 hours from when you posted .
i wanted to try smite for a while can i get smite battleground of the gods
i think we will get it in canada too .
the mattress girl lied about stuff and afaik that shit did n't get deleted .
and besides since all of the comments were deleted too i would have no idea that it was the case .
usually stuff like that gets upvoted to the top of the comment section and then i can decide for myself .
looks like they will be able to full rlif members then .
do you want russia 's economy to fall apart ?
your submission has been removed because it concerns a recent high profile event .
please use our sticky on the event located here https www.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/3sq6h7/eli5_paris_attacks_megathread
if you believe your post was removed in error and you are asking a question unrelated to this topic please message the moderators http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fexplainlikeimfive subject=can 20you 20review 20my 20thread ?
if you do not include a link to your submission and an indication that you 've searched your response will likely be have you searched ?
please indicate why you believe your thread is unique as well .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/explainlikeimfive if you have any questions or concerns .
i have n't seen any democratic leaders come out in support of isis .
so i 'm not sure how much that really applies .
they were shouting this is for syria '' but yes this may not mean it has to do with refugees .
security tightened at the borders curfew for the first time since 1944 .
i will refrain from making any further comments besides saying europe should never have opened its borders to the migrants in the first place .
we are a first world country and its affected other first world countries in our similar class .
if it were bumblefuck insert third world country we think they live with this all the time or they are not on our level '' .
i 'm sorry people i 'm new to reddit as of 5 mins ago .
i 've looked forward to this day since things went wrong .
but i 'm just trying to capture the significance of this moment .
you see this is like the triumphant crescendo in the symphony of the cosmos which i both wrote and conducted .
the chaotic cacophony surges emphatically onward seemingly without end .
then this final crash of cymbals this last clap of thunder my one triumphant trumpet sounds and a resolved contented silence settles at last .
and the people wait with ears ringing and bated breath .
and my conductor 's baton holds steady at its highest point .
all dissonance has gone and only gentle melody carries my rapturous symphony onward upward into eternity .
you see i 've looked forward to this day since things went wrong .
for the tension to be resolved for my people to come home for their home to be restored .
a foul chord reverberates on my heartstrings as my beautiful symphony continues .
i hold this moment of joyful reunion and this painful separation all at once .
many too many will never hear this song of satisfaction and joy and peace .
having become enthralled with the dissonance they have chosen it as their eternal soundtrack never capturing the restorative rhythms which i had hoped they would learn .
i 've looked forward to this day since things went wrong .
but in sweetness and in sorrow we move forward into eternity .
this is my first ever response to a writing prompt .
deposited a marill lvl 1 f for dbha sableye .
is that all it takes to get more room in bed ?
i thought it was fairly obvious that playing the prologue on the beta test server would not carry over to your main account after release .
did you not notice that you did n't have anything of your other achievements on the test server ?
and yes you did choose to play on a test server or you would not have been able to do the prologue .
i did n't think it was uplifting at all .
i got the impression that the guy is an attention whoring bitch and the news outlet is scraping the bottom of the barrel for content .
i would like permission to link to this post when ever i think it would help .
thank you for taking the time to do this as i agree there a many posts of people wanting to know which one to get .
i believe your post would be of great value to those who are undecided about which tank to get .
which is okay we 're all a bit sick but just be aware of it .
yeah ... .a boring little league game or kids jacked up on sugar and running around chuckie cheese screaming probably is n't going to make parenting look desirable .
i found a flux sensor from the uscss nostromo from alien 1979
you forgot to mention zerath as one of the top aoe hitters too
many people have to leave everything they have to try luck in europe do you think 99 of the people who come here are doing it just because they want ?
they are doig it because their homes cities and friends have been destroyed .
radical beliefs are bad in every situations not just with muslims..
let me rephrase fat chick who 's great in bed ?
i 'll make a post to organize these better set times and stuff since i got people asking me that they did n't know it even started .
i want to be a mod it would be gr8 !
bikes that look like they are constantly used have a certain charm to me .
i 'm happy paris is such a vibrant melting pot now .
canadian here i want the un to go korea on their asses for what they 've done .
get a vagan dagger i do n't remember which ones were good try to get attack speed and/or crit chance on it you do n't need much else as long as your gear is solid .
i just registered in the be the match registry about a month ago .
we all knew it was them i was a bit surprised how far out of the way some reporters politicians and commenters went to avoid saying that .
i have known for years we are vulnerable to attacks like this and have stated such to friends/family .
more so in states and places where fewer people are either armed or mentally able to make a decision to fight back .
the horrifying reality that when we are all disarmed and/or told not to take care of ourselves not to protect each other 2 people can hold hundreds hostage and kill 100 people in a theater .
if this happens again i strongly hope the crowd learns to rush the terrorists and stop them by force .
even unarmed they wont be able to shoot enough people in a dedicated crowd rush .
it only takes 1 person to start it gather a group and make everyone realize it is their best chance to survive let it be you do n't wait and see if someone else stands up first .
i would choose that path i would rather die trying than cowering and hoping the police got in before they get to me as i am forced to watch them shoot lined up kneeling people one by one .
i bet if they try this again in france they get rushed .
saying that is just adding to the provocation they simply cant be so ignorant that they believe they would win it in any way .
because the government did not publicize the entire incident happened on sept 17 2015 in a coal mine near baicheng city aksu region xinjiang province of china possibly fearing a media disclosure will lead to more copy-cat incidents .
so far the terrorists are using each incident as recruit material .
because through the personal accounts of the polices involved we now know that the paramilitary hunt down those responsible for a consecutive 56 days and eventually killed all of them .
the message was released coincide with the paris incident .
however the importance is paramount it shows chinese government will seek out and kill the terrorists from uighurs regions .
the other important thing to note is among the police force fighting terrorists there were many uighur and tajikistan chinese .
this is not a race war nor a religion war .
1 in heaven as my first sparks album and i 'm loving the moroder production .
i really loved ariel pink 's pom pom and his live show if kimono my house is anything like that i 'm down .
chappie http m.imdb.com/title/tt1823672 interstellar http m.imdb.com/title/tt0816692 and another earth http m.imdb.com/title/tt1549572 faith in some part of humanity will be restored .
but the film that moved me more than any i can recall deep impact http m.imdb.com/title/tt0120647 .
cringeworthy though it may be people using we '' like that is supremely common .
your submission has been removed because it concerns a recent high profile event .
please read our sticky on the event located here https www.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/3sq6h7/eli5_paris_attacks_megathread
if you believe your post was removed in error and you are asking a question unrelated to this topic please message the moderators http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fexplainlikeimfive subject=can 20you 20review 20my 20thread ?
if you do not include a link to your submission and an indication that you 've searched your response will likely be have you searched ?
please indicate why you believe your thread is unique as well .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/explainlikeimfive if you have any questions or concerns .
he stayed at my friend 's house in brookline very near the kraft estate .
my mouth and brain would n't work when i went over to meet him .
can you imagine the threats he could have posed ?
i had visions of he and ebner on punt returns running switches .
scientists mimicking the mantis shrimp 's eyes have made a camera that can also detect cancer .
oh god so many bad decisions when you let the director do whatever he wants .
i quite like the world in the game and some story scenes .
the game is slower than por and has gigantic maps .
whenever you 're not fighting a wall of enemy soldiers you 're just traversing an empty landscape .
it does n't get a full score because of slow enemy phases some tedious parts and a few esoteric gameplay sections .
it does n't get a full score due to same-turn reinforcements and how large maps can get though .
i really like some of the maps but it 's not really above average i feel .
not a fan of a lot of the maps and it 's easily trivialised .
the gameplay is still okay though and i like using the game to practice efficient play .
i 'm mainly rating based on gameplay here but por gets some bias points .
it 's kinda similar to ss in terms of gameplay but does n't have grinding and thankfully has better objective variety .
it has some slow and tedious parts but is overall an enjoyable experience .
not a fan of the map design graphics characters or story .
i also dislike reclassing and how the game never disincentivises using warp .
have n't completed it yet but i quite like the gameplay so far .
it is one of the few fes where i feel like i have an incentive to go fast and the enemy composition is generally clever .
when it comes to gameplay awakening takes the worst parts of all the other titles in the series and merges them into one package .
totally uninteresting maps enemy-phase focus and the game basically encourages lazy play .
you ca n't reshape into an array with a different number of elements .
02:00 how do i get blood out of a shirt ?
i think its safe to say that since gemini has started trading most of their volume comes from people acquiring bitcoin without the purpose of selling anytime soon .
which makes me think with only 14,838,200 btc available and at least 10-20 of those tied up between satoshi and lost wallets .
how much longer do we have until 99 of all coins are held by people with no intentions of selling .
maybe gemini running out of coins is just the beginning of a major short squeeze !
let me fix this a bit they know that the west no longer has the political will to do what is necessary to destroy them .
if we wanted to do it we could end a war against these animals in a couple of weeks .
it would mean casualties among our soldiers collateral damage and civilian deaths but the world would be a better place for it .
unfortunately since vietnam and the war being put on tv our citizens no longer have the stomach for it .
just look at the hand wringing and protests over the small number of soldiers killed in the last iraq war .
every soldier 's death is a tragedy but in a war people die .
the us list moore soldiers on d day than it did in vietnam iraq and afghanistan combined and it 's not close .
the threat these animals present to the world is every bit as great as the threat the nazis presented .
the world should be prepared to go to similar lengths to stamp them out .
from the rubble it looks as though the air strikes pretty much devastated isis hence the little resistance .
morale amongst is must surely be in serious decline by now .
you 're probably going to need a pro controller altough the wii u gamepad works the same the pro controller is a convenience necessity .
we like to refer to it as our web enhancement transfer navigational app portal scroller or wetnaps '' .
because it 's hard to decide who 's the better player and people like to argue ?
seriously just go on youtube and look up curry 's highlights of this season .
he 's shooting lights out every game making impossible shots one after another .
and he 's also doing it extremely efficient usually racking up 30 points within 30 minutes .
on the other hand lebron 's number have dropped a bit i 'm guessing because he relies on his teammates a bit more and he 's being a bit lazy on defense .
i would overlay footage b onto footage a and then warp it so they have similar distortion .
i 'm unsure how you would generate an actual lens warp as previous posters recommended unless either they shot lens grids for you or if it was a moving camera .
good god i hope it is n't a moving camera unless it 's moco
they bombed isreal some year ago so people do n't neccessarily feel bad for them when they get bombed back .
civillized and modern countries like france have n't done anything .
www.db.no reports that a car with 4 armed men breached a road block in paris just now
i mean gallo 's 6'10 '' and i sure am not using 6'4 '' marcus thornton on him .
i showed some of my friends that and they all said wow what a stupid game ! ''
and then we ended up having weekly study sessions where we would compare each other 's progress on the game .
i was thinking of the mynuts support qop but yeah i guess they thought the tiny+io was too good to pass up .
which is strange considering how bad tiny+io has been this tournament .
i think it 's lost like every game par one maybe ?
in more than half of my rankeds i get unplayable lag
prices depend on who you see and they can get a little pricier .
but the nice thing is that they give you a free trim between full haircuts .
i 'm currently on a 3 week schedule alternating between cuts and trims since my hair grows fairly quick .
i had a mod that literally disabled fast travel on skyrim .
i then installed mods for improved signs and roads and had a great time adventuring .
i do n't think tomb raider 3 really counts as a good game .
your post has been removed for linking directly to a personal social network facebook twitter instagram snapchat tumblr google myspace vk vine photobucket .
we do not allow this practice because it may lead to allegations of doxxing .
please rehost the content on an unaffiliated image gif or video host .
see some recommended hosts here r/socialmediasluts/comments/3bs304/new_imagegifvideo_host_recommendations_choice but you may use another one if you like .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/socialmediasluts if you have any questions or concerns .
has winter said anything else but dude '' and track kills '' this entire game
you 'd need to buy a monthly card for all zones which is 1335 dkk per month .
the relevant page in danish it 's the one called periodekort voksne per 30 dage
edit on the bottom of the page it links to another page which says the new prices for 2016 will be 1385 dkk per month .
i 've switched to having ssd 's for my downloads seeding takes a toll on drives
they just need to search for these 3 words weather hail hitler .
i ca n't help but wonder how much elevation and hang time that terrorist would have achieved if this incident were to have taken place in an open field .
was hoping he got so good he just watched peter sellers movies in the background while woodworking .
there is probably none left considering they were item generated .
there was one person who had one they got hacked and anvil 's of it were spread .
tldr it was from an item generation exploit and is insanely rare .
alright this is where you 've pissed me off .
you should be disturbed by how militant and grossly twisted your perception of social freedom '' is .
regardless of where i stand not everyone agrees that abortion is not cold-blooded murder .
science has n't ruled on it society has n't ruled on it and the law has n't ruled on it outside of one supreme court ruling that no matter where you fall on the issue was clearly a case of judicial fiat and legislating from the bench .
as libertarians we believe in an individual 's right to life liberty and property but who the hell are you to tell us what is and is not an individual ?
your left-wing '' hive mind is nothing short of intensely disturbing .
dare to mention the possibility that abortion might not be ok because of your philosophical belief that it is infringing on the rights of another human being ?
get up against the wall because you 're not a true libertarian .
you have the gall to ask me why my party is even a party ?
that 's not just an affront to me that 's a slap in the face to me and every single one of our hundreds of members .
you should be completely and totally ashamed of yourself that you would even dare to go after my integrity in my beliefs just because i happen to not totally align with a different party on one issue .
crawl back to your little hole in the ground and keep covering up your ears and flinging your own feces at anyone who would deign to violate the sanctity of democratic social freedom '' .
you 're a disgrace to everyone who flairs themselves in blue .
i/you already know how to do it and you do n't have to practise bromigo .
you know when you pee and you cut off the flow mid piss ?
you feel it coming cut off the flow and boom !
even if he tries to sue her directly her insurance company will provide a defense for her and he will end up having to sue them anyway .
just watched the final episode last night and i 'll happily take whatever they make but we better get both suits for daredevil fisk matt foggy karen and am i the only one who wants ben ?
i saw a beautiful one posted on facebook the other day i think in the kids outgrowing stuff time to sell it group .
yep i visit chicago a few times a year and while its noisy at first you stop hearing all the sirens and horns after a few hours it just becomes background noise .
it feels like i hear them less every time i 'm there compared to when i first visited and could n't hear myself think .
i was so disorientated and confused now it 's old news .
probably way worse for residents or better i guess .
i could definitely come up with a few pennies for the cause .
it 's not even a guilty pleasure i love that movie .
try vaping a menthol liquid just for a day or suck on some crazy strong mints
it only does once i have actually imported it .
as soon as i restart the data pool is gone from the cache file again .
4 steam keys for 1 key 4 ref 10 cards 1000 gems each
3 steam keys for 1 key 8 ref 20 cards 2000 gems 1 tod each
lords of the rings war in the north 2 1 key
lara croft and the guardian of light 2 1 key
the incredible adventures of van helsing ii 2 1 key
not sure if already activated 4 ref or 10 cards each
humble jumbo bundle bta includes natural selection 2 sanctum 2 magicka 2 dlcs sanctum collection orcs must die goty cities in motion 2 garry 's mod orcs must die 2 complete pack serious sam 3 bfe 10 5 keys
humble jumbo bundle 2 bta includes the incredible adventures of van helsing complete deadlight galactic civilizations ii ultimate edition terraria the king of fighters xiii crusaders king ii 3 dlc 's legend of grimrock pixeljunk eden orcs must die 2 complete 12 6 keys
humble jumbo bundle 4 bta the incredible adventures of van helsing ii fallen enchantress legendary heroes the stanley parable outland special edition mercenary kings endless space emperor edition screencheat freedom planet and coin crypt 12 6 keys
humble weekly sale paradox interactive non-bta europa universalis iii war of the roses kingmaker warlock master of the arcane leviathan warships dungeonland and the showdown effect 4 2 keys
indie royale the arclight bundle ai war fleet command with 5 dlc a valley without wind a valley without wind 2 shattered haven and tidalis .
indie royale the lunar bundle pid cargo commander back to the future the game dungeon hearts the sea will claim everything international snooker and micron 5 2.5 keys pid will be provided as an steam key apart from the bundle
3 lord of the rings war in the north scribblenauts unlimited batman arkham asylum game of the year edition batman arkham city game of the year edition mortal kombat arcade kollection guardians of middle earth dlc lord of the rings online steely dawn starter pack gotham city impostors professional kit and the millennium skins pack for batman arkham origins 12 6 keys
humble indie bundle 9 bta trine 2 complete story mark of the ninja eets munchies and brütal legend ftl faster than light fez rocketbirds hardboiled chicken a virus named tom bastion and limbo 10 5 keys
humble indie bundle 13 bta olliolli insanely twisted shadow planet tower of guns amnesia a machine for pigs jazzpunk risk of rain 4 keys the novelist eldritch tales from space mutant blobs attack 10 5 keys
humble origin bundle non-bta includes dead space mirror 's edge crysis 2 maximum edition burnout paradise the ultimate box dead space 3 medal of honor populous and command conquer red alert 3 uprising 10 5 keys
desura keys 10 desura keys for 1 key or 2 ref/4 trading cards for 1 desura key
topware keys can be redeemed here https secure.zuxxez.com/shop_new/index.php ? language=en
tradable games and steam keys do not offer indies for these ones i only want paypal or tf2 csgo keys for the following list of games
mortal kombat komplete edition ru tag but activates anywhere 2.5 keys 5
payday 2 mask of the moon and borsuk masks 4 keys 8
wishlist go home dinosaurs actua soccer 3 shadowrun returns shadowrun dragonfall director 's cut shadowrun chronicles boston lockdown fate traitor soul fate the cursed king stalker call of pripyat kult heretic kingdoms divinity ii valkyria chronicles besiege dark messiah of might and magic valkyria chronicles titan souls gas guzzlers this war of mine south park the stick of truth .
i 'm tearing my hair out on this one and i 'm hoping someone else can give a fresh perspective .
there are a lot of details to this between the configuration data gathered from calls to cisco and things i 've tried but i 'll do my best to keep to the facts that matter the most
a user with more then one apple device will complain that their iphone can not pass traffic on the wireless network .
the iphone is successfully associated with the 5508 wlc .
the iphone has an ip but it can not be pinged .
other people on this same network and ap are just fine .
after a while their ipad will stop passing traffic even though successfully associated with the wireless network but now the iphone will begin passing traffic .
given more time the issue may jump from the ipad to their macbook .
whichever device is having the problem can be taken to another ap in the building and successfully pass traffic .
return the failing device to the original ap and for a brief moment you can ping it or visit a website but then it ca n't pass traffic again .
the problem jumps from one device to another instantly .
you 'll discover that the iphone is now passing traffic then check the ipad or macbook and see one of them unable to pass traffic .
the issue disappears for a month but can come back for one user for a couple of hours and then disappear .
logging out of icloud keychain forgetting the network resetting network settings on the device rebooting and setting up the network once again makes no difference still ca n't connect until some unknown variable occurs .
forgetting the network disabling icloud keychain then adding the network on all of the devices makes no difference .
if i enable/disable load balancing the problem goes away but the issue occurs whether load balancing was enabled or not .
we have 3600s with the wave 1 802.11ac module installed .
i have n't yet performed a packet capture since i 'm not always onsite when it occurs .
the output from a client debug on the mac address shows nothing of note seeing the same debug data while associated with the original ap where we see problems as the debug data we see with any other ap where we do n't .
i think this is an apple problem but it 's happening on the network i 'm responsible for so i ca n't just write it off as something apple has to address especially given that everyone has iphones and ipads in the company .
they believe it 's the config and everything i 've done including following cisco and apple 's guidelines for configuring a wireless network for apple devices have made no difference .
cisco has been no help and are just confused as me .
i 've upgraded from a version in the 7 train to the latest in the 8 train to address desperate times desperate measures but no luck either way .
update i read back through my notes from the day i first encountered the issue .
i found that if i forgot the network on the affected device joined the guest network hosted on that same wlc finding that i did not have the problem then setup the original wireless network in the device then i successfully connected and passed traffic .
it 's as if the wlc has knowledge of the device a cached inventory of past devices and their identifiers like the mac address and cleared the cache when the device switched to the guest network and came back .
it could also be the apple device itself which is my gut feeling forgetting that it was once associated with the wlc and creating its own local cache no longer associating the bssid with just the original wireless network .
here are some other folks discussing the same or similar issue but with meru hardware https community.merunetworks.com/merunetworks/topics/strange-issue-with-iphone-users ? topic-reply-list 5bsettings 5d 5bpage 5d=2 topic-reply-list
i 'm 16 years old male to female and from bavaria germany .
transitioning in germany is a bureaucratic nightmare and i 'll certainly move away and do it in another country 3 years on femme for hrt 5 years hrt for srs 10 years for legal name and sex change etc ...
i 'm also living in a redneck area and ca n't even do that required time en femme before moving away .
taking hormones on my own would help reducing my dysphoria and it 'd also protect my body from more damage through testosterone ...
it would n't be a problem to hide the changes from the rednecks .
i 'll move away in less than 2 years and i 'll hopefully be able to hide it as long .
is there a table that tells me how much spiro and estrogen i 'll need ?
is diy even possible for a 16 year old ?
will this affect things with doctors in the future ?
leave it to you to pick a fight with my boss . ''
they were in velvet 's coffee shop she and coco were sitting beside him nursing drinks .
the atmosphere was as warm as ever and alistair was steadily draining a very sugary and very large cocoa .
do you have any idea what i had to do so that you were n't suspended ?
if akane was n't on my side i doubt you would still be in the ccg .
sado might technically be her subordinate but he 's still our commanding officer . ''
alistair did n't answer he was n't even listening .
she had said the eyepatch was because of a childhood accident .
alistair was jealous that it looked so cool it even had a spider pattern across it .
after alistair was released from the ccg infirmary coco suggested that they come here to celebrate .
coco also said that he was lucky that there was no major organ damage or permanent effects injuries like alistair 's could end careers sometimes lives .
he was on a plethora of pills though and coco had to make sure he did n't accidentally overdose .
he had still managed to hold onto his original razor and the scorpion quinque and even though it was not nearly as effective without the other blades in the set he considered the injuries worth it .
he added more whipped cream to the cocoa and took another big gulp from the ceramic mug .
you told me a lot of the initiates dropped out that day . ''
she took a sip of coffee and beamed just like her girlfriend they were clearly made for each other .
they were probably just put off by seeing alistair 's blood all over the floor . ''
she put her radiant face in her hands and spoke out loud what am i ever going to do with you ? ''
at this rate you wo n't be my problem for much longer . ''
velvet started comforting her with a hug while alistair starting fiddling with his stitches thinking of a new design .
i 'm sure alistair will go on to have a great career .
i doubt many people could have taken what he did and still be walking so soon .
he has the endurance of a great investigator . ''
is there anything you want to say for yourself ?
he looked at her and gave all the rebuttal either of them needed .
he exclaimed reaching into his coat i had this made .
i found a place in the fourth ward that makes masks for people and this is what i got . ''
alistair pulled out the eccentric looking ceramic mask and showed how it looked to the girls .
coco 's expression was bordering on being horrified or fascinated that he got a mask that looked so similar to what some high profile ghouls sometimes wear .
she was just about to tell him when velvet interrupted and told him it looked really cool and that it would be a great cosplay prop .
she subtly whispered something in coco 's ear when he was admiring the mask gleefully .
alistair thought that the time to use it had more than passed .
... but the humans who wear the animal hats later mutate into the sewer hyooman people .
also they live in water for a reason ... i ... guess ...
edit now that i think of it remember that bunny hood from that susan episode ?
i learned this the hard way trying to cheese the game .
i 've frequently been having a bug where the front of my groundcraft will suddenly phase through the planet 's surface and then collide .
this has destroyed more landships than i can count and seems to happen entirely at random .
as the title says i have a laser musket and a beam splitter mod specifically made for the laser musket however went i got to a weapon workbench there 's no way to add it .
none of the 4 different parts you can change has the beam splitter listed and i ca n't figure out a way to add it i 've googled and looked around but i ca n't seem to find anything out if anyone can let me know where i 'm going wrong that would be great thanks .
not so much for myself but bc i have children ... their mortality is so hard for me to just accept .
any other parents or non parents who have kids they are close to deal with this ?
hi after 9 months of weights i decided to try bodyweight training right now i 'm beginning my third week into the recommended routine .
i take proper rest days and deload weeks sleep between 7/8 hours every time eat well and i 'm planning to start daniel vadnal 's bodyweight evolution in january/after i 'll reach a decent level in bwf .
currently my modified version looks like this sets reps and rest times are the same as the recommended routine also warmup skill work and bodyline drills are the same
lotus lift crossed legs l-sit instead of tucked l-sit which i find still too difficult when the one-foot supported l-sit is too easy box pistol squats
i 'm 17 years old and interested in applying for americorps nccc to join after i graduate high school i will be 18 at the time .
it sounds like a fulfilling experience which is what i am looking for in a gap year/time to figure out what i want to do with my life .
i would appreciate hearing some opinions and perspectives from current and past members to decide if this is the right choice .
i want to get the artifact on my alt and i do n't want to do all the vip kills again .
i will help you after with your alt or whatever you need .
for the last few months i 've been researching and pming cat facts to a very short list of people .
i 've now collated all my facts into a single document and while i will continue to add to my list of facts i will now post one here every day .
there is only one kind of cat that can not retract its claws the cheetah .
this is because for a cheetah that 's really not the point .
they rely on their speed and their teeth rather than power and claws to take down their prey .
the end result is that this bluntens their claws in a similar way to a dog 's .
this means that they are unable to climb trees vertically as many other cats big and small do .
cheetah 's claws however while they do n't have a purpose in stabbing prey to death or scratching faces up are certainly still useful .
since a cheetah sprints and has fantastic cornering abilities it needs to be able to take off and change direction incredibly quickly and ca n't exactly afford to be scrabbling for purchase on dusty ground .
that 's where claws come in and its tail for cornering .
on the other hand there 's the dewclaw which is retractable and is used for the same purposes as you would expect it comes out of the top of their paw instead of the front between their toes .
slightly larger than its other claws the dewclaw is n't always used in combat but when it is it 's deadly .
amazing i just got 60 days of world of warcraft game-time for free at www.wowgametimecard.com it 's working !
amazing i just got 60 days of world of warcraft game-time for free at www.wowgametimecard.com it 's working !
amazing i just got 60 days of world of warcraft game-time for free at www.wowgametimecard.com it 's working !
starting november 27 and ending november 29 avady clothing company is offering 15 the entire order plus free shipping .
for all orders over 100 customers will get a free gift with purchase chevron fashion necklace valued at 20 but supplies are limited .
planned on picking up a cheap 7 string for some songs my band wants to do .
so i 'm looking at a couple cheapo jackson 's and one of the sales guys comes up .
i told him i was looking to spend 2-300 on a 7 string .
he basically told me i wouldnt be happy with what i got at that price range and i should checkout this
he basically said that once i played it i would want to buy it .
being already partial to schecter guitars i own a couple others i figured it was worth a shot .
after playing with it for an hour i was sold .
grabbed it up for about 500 they retail for 899 not sure what kind of deal it was but it seemed like a good price .
with strings and a set of strap locks i managed to get out of there just a hair under 600 .
more than i wanted to spend but hey i like buying stuff .
played my entire set last night with it absolutely awesome .
even though i didnt make full use of the 7 strings yet i wanted to get acustom to playing 6 strings songs on 7 so i could do less guitar switching .
the transition wasnt too difficult though i did find myself trying to do drop d chords on the b string a couple times .
i 'm not bad at pvp would love to get 5 wins and do the bounties .
csgo keys tf2 keys games from my wishlist open packs 2-pack 3-pack 4-pack
port royale 3 gold and patrician iv gold double pack
as i mention in title of this topic i have csgo keys tf2 keys cards games steam gifts and i want games from my wishlist which you can find above or http steamcommunity.com/id/gwynhbleidd/wishlist
post down your offer here or add me directly via steam and let me discuss with you
you can also offer 2-3-4 packs to open or franchise packs complete editions goty steam keys and etc etc .
i wanted to test out land-based gravity cannons and though my gens turn on no blocks are affected by them and my hud reports only planet gravity .
currently it says that they 're undergoing daily maintenance but they 've been this way for a while now .
i have about 24 hours playtime right now but it seems the only thin i ever actually use dogmeat for is letting him take aggro from enemies that melee usually ghouls and then throwing a grenade on top of him ...
i firstly apologize for that disgusting attempt at a portmanteau between themes and teams .
now moving past that piece of self humiliation let 's establish an axiom .
we have a team of pirates robots ninjas and spacefolk in the making but there is one set of skins that could easily be provided fittingly to a plethora of gods yet only xbalanque has donned such duds .
it has been suggested long ago and even received fan art when is hockey ne zha gon na happen ?
every crit on hit ult could be a goal horn and on the third you could have hats fill the landing space .
his ring toss could very easily become a puck .
his steroid could be paired with him yelling power play or some jazzy shit and for his 3 he could use an octopus ' tentacle to grab the enemy .
and we all know kumbhakarna deserves a dapper golfer skin .
i do n't think i really need to say too much regarding that matter .
he has the hair throw a headband on that lettuce and give him a nice polo and some shorts .
his scythe would be a racket ofc and his basics would be tennis balls .
his one would be colored to match tennis courts his 3 would be a net and for his ult he would reach true spiritual nirvana and become one with the tennis ball as he travels 8 seconds into the past .
fun fact sylvanus should be a professional bull rider .
rama is known for his snipes sex appeal dodges and most importantly the chillness that radiates from his jingle bellin ' ass .
let 's get the xbalanque a sport team to go along with his growing ninja team .
ps pizza delivery xbalanque is still a superior concept to shinobalanque hirez just could n't come up with a shitty pun to go with it .
this is not an attack on anyone certainly do n't want to diminish the seriousness of the tragedy .
what did you pray for and what results are you hoping for ?
i did but to be painfully honest i spent more time at the grocery store choosing an ice cream flavor .
there is no nice way to say it but have we become totally desensitized by the media and the sheer magnitude of numbers that ca n't be quantified ?
on average over 1,200 human beings are murdered every day world wide .
not included is the number of abortions world wide the number of which is so heinous and beyond us i am not going to glibbly toss it out .
with the massive loss of life every single crazy day what does it say of our perception of reality when a tragedy like this occurs and suddenly french colors everywhere us french friendship sentiments are everywhere etc..
this is a small tragedy compared to the massive tragedy that death and evil are strongholds everywhere day after day after day after day..
do we go through things like this get feelings of solidarity pat ourselves on the back and move on ?
deceiving ourselves that our prayers are working when in fact we might not understand the gravity of prayer that seeks to overcome and effect evil in it 's strongest forms ?
in meditating on my response i saw myself as a sort of bad samaritan .
the one who passed by the man beaten and left for dead on the side of the road i did n't take the time to help him or even give him a second look instead i prayed a vague prayer for a vague number of people on the other side of the would that i will never pray for again while continuing to ignore the man next door .
does anyone else feel like their prayer lives are lacking in power to really effect worthwhile people and places ?
like prayer is just reactionary always chasing evil and praying in the wake of it 's destruction ?
i was curious what would it look like if i would let my beard grow and this http imgur.com/a/qc0f3 is how it looks after three weeks .
my question would be what should i do now to make it look a little better or thicker/denser i suppose ?
like i 'm so fucking lonely and nobody likes me like that and sometimes i just want sweet nothings .
i feel like the guys that i know have a certain preconception of what i 'm like and are turned off by it so they wo n't even bother getting to know me .
i really miss being liked by someone who i liked just as much .
undyne talks about her training with asgore says we can never be friends then challenges to another battle .
once you attack or fake attack her once dealing 1hp she says your lack of desire to hurt her reminds her of someone ... but i do n't get who she 's referring to ?
if it was asgore would n't she mention him by name ?
the fact that she 's so vague about it after talking about openly her past with asgore leads me to believe she 's talking about someone else but i ca n't figure out who she means !
so i just got out of a long term relationship and i 'm looking for someone to pass the time with .
i like to think that i 'm a pretty awesome guy .
i 'm super laid back i have a very wide variety of interest i 'm easy to talk to all of the qualities an awesome guy should possess .
i 'm also pretty open minded so things like age race religious beliefs body type do n't really have an impact on my opinion of you as a person .
well that 's a very brief introduction to me if you 're looking for someone to talk to send me s message .
a group of friends and i started playing recently .
we all had no prior experience everyone including the dm were completely new to tabletop rpgs and the likes .
so we started playing dnd 3.5 pretty much learning as we went on .
we did a few of the starter campaigns and even though in the previous adventure we got extremely close to losing members actually sort of had one die on us as the campaign was meant for stronger pcs and surely we got various things wrong in battle and probably more the dm decided to bring in one of his characters in to save our skins and revive our friend from the brink of death with a senzu bean=p we sort of managed .
once we dispatched a couple of guards protecting a door we wanted to search them for loot .
to reach them i had to cross a rope bridge but to do so i had to pass an equilibrium test with a dc of 8 .
at my first throw i rolled an 8 natural 4 with a dex bonus of 4 .
following the rules i should 've stopped for a round although i was under no threat and then tried again as the result was a failure of 4 or less .
the dm got distracted and misread the text so assumed that a failure resulted in a fall with a second equilibrium test of dc 15 to be passed if i wanted to survive the fall '' .
i unluckily failed this one too rolled a 6 nat 2 4 dex so my pc fell down from the bridge and smashing against the chasm it was built to cross over died a terrible death .
later on in the game whilst creating another pc i read the equilibrium ability and found out that if we had followed the actual rules i would n't have died .
so i read it out loud and half-jokingly half-remorsefully said that i considered my pc still alive even though the dm decided '' his fate was doomed .
now obviously i do n't really blame the dm as we all get distracted and make mistakes especially considering we just started playing but it did sort of end in a semi-argument with the dm switching places with one of us .
the second dm with permission from the first granted me the ability to try another equilibrium test with dc of 15 to see if i survived somehow but i also failed this one i really seem to have bad luck with dice .
at this point the 1st decided to use his pc the same one that saved our skins on the previous adventure to magically save me sort of stating that they left me dangling on the rope bridge without helping me out and went ahead with the quest .
now my question to you would be how would you have dealt with this situation ?
at the point where i noticed the mistake we had made
was it correct of me to try and keep my pc alive ?
sorry for the wall of text but i 'd greatly appreciate the view of players with much more experience .
ive completed the mission for this companion but i was wondering when i want to use him will he still be at the tower ?
i 'm moving my so across the country and we 're renting a minivan to do so .
does anyone have a town country that would be willing to measure the width length and height of the back with the stay and go seating down ?
i know it 's 143.8 cubic feet but beyond that i got nothing .
hello i am new to neverwinter and i just screwed up ...
i bought an horse and it went to my inventory but when i double clicked it it disappeared ... after some time trying to figure out what happened i found that when i double clicked it out of excitement i had not close the store yet so i sold it again ' now i dont have money to buy another one .
help ... what can i do to have it back ?
i 'm going through the process of upgrading a g20 gen4 .
in my search to find upgrades i 've come across 'pin kits ' .
the pins seem to just replace the stock ones that hold the pistol together .
i 've seen these aftermarket pins in stainless steel and titanium .
my question is are there any actual benefits to using these after market pin kits stainless or titanium ?
follow up question because i like a flat black finish could one cerakote stainless or titanium pins so that they stay closer to the stock color or would cerakote make the pins diameter too big to use ?
my shoulders are pretty strong and i hit shouldes twice a week and include a range of exercises for each head of the deltoid but try as i might i can not achieve that rounded pumpkin delt look like dlb !
any advice tips or will it never happen without the aide of performance enhancing supplements ?
crossfit women also seem to have that look i desire .
first time i was 10 years old and i took guitar classes and gave up after a couple weeks because my fingertips hurt too much from pressing down the chords if only i bothered to ask my teacher if the discomfort would go away .
second time i quit was when i was 13 and found myself unable to play powerchords .
i only have an acoustic guitar so it was extra tough for me my favorite band at the time was nirvana so i couldnt learn about 99 of their songs .
then i decided to pick it up again at 16 and ever since then i 've learned over 110 songs/riffs on guitar and counting .
im 17 so hopefully i can be a master guitars by the time im in my late 20s haha .
if anyone has an invite to dognzb that they could share i would truly appreciate it .
so many yahoo ! reddit google youtube and other comments from us citizens on how france should be better exercising their second amendment rights
you think france uses the united states constitution ! ? !
this is a weekly subreddit contest based around gameplay challenges in the mgs games .
here you can compete on a challenge and make your way onto the leaderboard https www.reddit.com/r/metalgearsolid/wiki/challenges .
the top submission was u/bildoktorn here https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=2zupbfiekr8
destroy the vehicles while roleplaying as the greatest humanity has to offer and the lowest '' .
want to see if you 're the best and worst this subreddit has to offer ?
play backup backdown '' or a different mission of your own choosing with the fatman rules and see how many points you can get .
2 you must be bald and wear the battle dress
3 you have to sprint everywhere to mimic roller-skates except for placing and detonating c4
whoever gets the most points goes down as the emperor of explosives !
• you must by constantly running unless you are placing or detonating c4 .
• no use of tactics that will limit your rank to a .
• no use of items that will limit your rank to a .
im looking to buy a new tv this holiday and was wondering what are some of your recommendations or a tv you own that has low input lag ?
im looking to buy between a 47 '' 55 '' tv
just hit th and i 'm using barcher 110 barbs 90 archers on my raids .
takes a bit sometimes to find a decent target but usually works .
however i know it 's not ideal and i know it 's going to get harder .
what raiding forces do you use for th8 resource collection ?
most people pray for good health a loving family and to win the lottery .
i asked can you send me to a game-like fantasy-style world ?
it ca n't be too unrealistic but also it would be nice if i was immortal to some degree .
oh yea no rape or slavery either cause then i 'll have to spend the whole time trying to create a perfect society and i 'd rather not have to deal with all that nonsense .
no other players either cause that always creates a ton of annoying drama and i just want to have a fun relaxing and enjoyable time.
three years later after i had completely forgotten about all that ... well better late than never i suppose .
the moral of this story is to be careful what you wish for also cuteness is justice so do n't complain if adorable bunnies beat you to death and devour your corpse .
this story includes profanity numbers humanity nudity uncomfortable realism in a fantasy-world awkward but mild sexual-content descriptive violence and gore nekomimi necrophilia bizarre and disturbing sexual-content offensive language plus all of the other things that disclaimers usually have to tell you about .
do not read this if you dislike transportation virtual reality fantasy or other similar genres ... or me because i 'm the author .
does anyone here know what documents i need to extend a tourist visiting family visa ?
i think it 's a q2 but i 'm not getting off my sofa to look at if right now.. 😁
just a small observation i love the fact that you can have up to 5 attachments and even a combination that could n't be done before like fmj and suppressor .
last night i sat down and watched this https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=iawfn9sfcso talk from oc^2 about 3d audio and during the talk tom mentioned that in one of his demos he had the audio engineer give him individual mono tracks for each instrument in a song and placed them around the player so that every direction had a different instrument .
now i thought that was really cool and it reminded me of some thoughts that i 've had in the past .
when i listen to music especially music without lyrics i often find myself creating images and stories in my head based on the emotions that the music invokes within me .
i also find myself sometimes trying to imagine the spacialization of some instruments typically percussion .
in symphony 2808 https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=5jaxgfe4hpe by nero i can almost feel the music around me .
this song the album version has minor hints of stereoscopy that might help with that sensation but i really really want to hear this song as if it were telling a story around me .
the drums banging from different directions that sort of thing .
some musicians take to technology to create novel experiences when interacting with music .
ellie goulding 's lights http lights.helloenjoy.com promo is a good example of this .
it makes the music interactive fun to play with etc .
so i was wondering if anyone has thought of using vr to create rich musical experiences that a player can either sit and enjoy from within or interact with ?
something as simple as short as a single track or as long as fantasia i really think creating musical experiences specifically for vr would be a really amazing thing .
wild lose 3-2 in ot still get a point .
former king john iii who sparked the hungarian independence movement has died .
the former king was found unresponsive on the floor of his bedroom in sopron .
komisarov said john iii awakened hungary to the horror it was living under .
and to insure the best happened for his country which he loved so much he stepped down .
he is a hero and his acts will not be forgotten .
like bela iv of hungary who fought the mongol horde john iii fought the romanian horde .
for that hungary is grateful '' a state funeral is being planned .
ive been scouring the interwebs for a bit and other than the fat boy what weapons have you guys found that deal the most dammage ?
le fusil terribles can be modded up to 138 dammage but i was wondering if anybody has found something or made something more powerful ?
these are the things i 've observed from their songs
rhyming three words with one non rhyming word spacing between them
internal rhymes that are different to the rhyme at the end of a line
bone thugs-n-harmony change the world https youtu.be/19_c58ynyvw ? t=44 in particular bizzy 's verse
camp lo luchini this is it https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=txyfyniv-9i
i 'm leaning towards liking my xbone controller since its well optimized .
earlier this week a patch of hair sort of at the base of my skull just fell out about the width and length of two fingers .
obviously i freaked out and went to the clinic and the doctor was n't really sure what it was he gave me an anti-bacterial treatment but i have to see a dermatologist i 'm canadian it takes a while to see a specialist so it might be months .
based on my research it 's probably exacerbated by the fact that i have n't been eating well as i previously did due to a stressful new environment and my anemia that i 've ignored for years has reared its ugly head .
i started a pretty serious iron supplement protein supplement multivitamin course and i 've worked out a diet plan to help get myself back on track in that regard but i was wondering if anyone had a similar experience or any advice ?
the strangeness of this is that it does n't really look like ringworm and there is no family history of alopecia so i really do n't know how this happened and the doctor i spoke to at the walk-in clinic did n't seem to know either .
any advice suggestions or war stories would be much appreciated .
we 're currently tied with i think 4 other teams for the all time record of 5
ever since you got home from the pound now you dont got ta worry about being put down .
where do you guys get your 18 round clip/mags or where can i get them cheapest ?
i just do n't know what to think right now .
my mom and dad were talking and she was spouting her usual bs about how kids do n't know enough to identify their sexual orientation yet .
it pisses me off so much because it felt like a personal attack she knows i 'm bi and i know for absolute certain i am .
i turn 17 literally tomorrow and it pisses me off to no end that i can get a job get a driver 's license and decide what college i 'm going to go to but i 'm not old enough to know that i like boys and girls .
i love him so far i 'm just wondering if there is an upgraded hb like him that catches well and is very fast and breaks a tackle or two.any feedback is welcome ! ! !
hey all i just got fallout 4 tonight and im having trouble figuring out how to divvy out my points between the different stats .
i 've never played fallout before so i do n't really have a playstyle .
i really like how older suits look compared to the current trends .
i am wondering if it is possible to get away with wearing a suit with a very vintage 1940s fit .
baggy high waisted pants pleated pants and wide lapels .
will this ever be possible to do without standing out in a bad way ?
join the live irc chat on freenode redditcbb http webchat.freenode.net ? channels redditcbb
turning comment sort to 'new ' will help you see the newest posts .
try chrome refresh https chrome.google.com/extensions/detail/aifhnlnghddfdaccgbbpbhjfkmncekmn or firefox 's reloadevery https addons.mozilla.org/en-us/firefox/addon/115 to auto-refresh this tab .
you may also like reddit stream http www.reddit.com/r/cfb/comments/wn9uj/lets_discuss_game_threads_come_fall/c5esw1u to keep up with comments .
follow redditcbb https twitter.com/redditcbb on twitter for news updates and bad attempts at humor .
show your team affiliation get a team logo by clicking 'edit ' in the column on the right
days such as these i often find myself questioning whether or not to kill myself..
the truth is that i do n't actually want to die.. maybe she 's right and maybe i am a drama queen .
bored of wasting time working away to still be stressed about money .
bored of checking facebook every damn second due to feeling lonely .
i was bored of checking out now i 'm bored of feeling emotions presently .
bored of generic conversation with those whom do n't actually care hear or see .
bored of staring through blank pages understanding i 'm too exhausted to express myself through art .
bored of sharing unique creative collaborative ideas i seem to never follow through with .
bored of hearing how bright as the sun i am bored of helping everyone around me and ignoring myself .
bored of pretty men asking to date me they all bore me .
bored of emotional dismissal bored of living secretly in love .
bored of pretending i have casual emotions for my best friend due to selflessness .
bored of feeling that my emotions are selfish therefore living in denial .
i 'm bored of the friend zoning i keep myself safe yet uncomfortable in .
i 'm so very bored of this constant argumental brain chatter .
i 'm bored with my choices i 'm bored with my state of being .
i 'm bored of the question which always seems to pop back to my head 24 years still existing .
the question of whether or not to kill myself.. ?
i 'm looking for excellent animated films like song of the sea or it 's such a beautiful day that have n't gotten much attention .
i 'm making a swashbuckler with the magic initiate feat .
i intend to go with booming blade and hex but ca n't quite decide what the second cantrip should be .
since i 'm taking hex it has to be from the warlock list and ca n't be from elemental evil because it 's an al character .
what podcasts and sites do you trust for coverage investigations and interpretations ?
if trust '' is the wrong word where do you go for a different angle of coverage where do you go for comparison purposes ?
are there any msm sources which you consider to be more reliable than others ?
i ask because i think it 's worth having a thread like this from time to time and i 'm always looking for other perspectives outside of the main stream media .
i 'd got my hands on a ship as soon as i could after i left my last crew i needed something small and fast finally after doing simple bounty hunter missions on kelka for a couple months i managed to purchase ... . with some persuasive techniques only me and my sidearm know about a viper class b-15 ship the elvhen '' she was simple small a piece of shit to fly and a hunk of junk to look at but fuck did i love her because she was mine .
now the problem is i ca n't take her far alone i ca n't fly and navigate during long journeys ftl travel and any space combat .
as i stand here looking up at my baby being repaired from the space battle that made me come to this realisation i ca n't do do everything alone especially on the ship .
so i go to the local space port bar and set up a 200 credit tab and with whiskey on the rocks being 1 cred i intended to get black out drunk tonight .
but first i contacted the local naval flight academy an old instructor i knew to place an ad for a newly graduated navigator an accomplished one of course a simple request for an interview to be sent through the graduates to meet me outside dock d-35 at 10 ...
i take another another drink and rewrite the 10am into 1pm ...
i 'm aerith bout 115lbs very fit and athletic from swimming and regular exercise 36dd long legs told they are my best feature that start from a bouncy butt stark green eyes auburn hair that is about breast height that i pull over my right shoulder but the left side of my head is shaved and i have a sleeve tattoo on my left arm .
i never really did get out of that punk stage my mother got me into .
dressed in ... well imagine a female version of mals clothes from serenity minus the long coat but with a leather jacket .
kinks public oral anal light bondage rough sex when wanted slow sex teasing biting scratching character development romance etc etc .
edit for anyone interested i am still looking as i posted this late my time and went to bed .
as long as the post is up without anymore addendum 's i am looking .
i was going back and reading a little bit of phantom blood and then i went back and reread a little bit of battle tendency and then read a little bit of stardust crusaders and i noticed that both joseph and even jotaro at the beginning before the art style started to change they both look almost identical to jonathan .
also i recall that someone says that joseph is the spitting image of jonathan and jotaro is the spitting image of joseph it looks very apparent when he is n't wearing his hat .
so if part 1 had the same art style stardust crusaders has toward the end would jonathan look pretty much just like jotaro ?
man i would love to see art of jonathan or young joseph in the later part 3 style .
op 's after having a lil bit too many j 's questioning life
very well '' the waiter replied with a bemused look on his face .
i will be back in a moment with your beverages '' the waiter whisked away into the back room .
i was n't sure we would be going to dinner after earlier . ''
neither was i '' he smiled nervously folding and un-folding his napkin .
meeting her gaze nathan rubbed the back of his neck looking concerned .
when you were with your father ... did he force you in any way ? ''
no '' she replied sternly talking a calming breath .
there were many times when he tried to discourage me .
but after a while he just gave in . ''
she smiled re-living that exact moment in his room .
you have something against conventional relationships do n't you ? ''
nathan downed half of his beer and seemed calmer .
sarah 's sprite arrived with a little plastic sword full of skewered cherries resting on top .
i like them '' she smiled biting one off of the sword .
when she was done sarah placed the stem in her mouth .
sarah played with the stem using her teeth and her tongue to maneuver it as she pleased .
less than a minute later she stuck out her tongue to reveal the tied cherry stem .
nathan bit his lip and rested his hand on hers .
has anyone ever told you how hot that is ? ''
you do n't think i ordered it by mistake do you ? ''
sarah exclaimed placing a gorgeous black forest cake in front of owen at the table .
you did n't have to buy numbered candles '' he grumbled looking at the chunky wax 4 and 7 placed on the cake .
this just reminds me of how much older than you i am '' he said scrunching up his face self-loathingly .
blow them out before wax gets all over the cake '' sarah said squeezing his shoulders .
owen closed his eyes and blew out the candles .
sarah took this moment to duck under the kitchen table .
he questioned squinting in the darkness for her form .
the next thing owen felt was sarah 's petite hand slowly running up his thigh tortuously approaching his boxers .
fuck '' he gasped feeling each hair electrified by her touch .
her hand reached up and stroked his member through the thin fabric .
owen took a deep breath trying to keep his composure .
placing her hands on either side of his boxers owen lifted himself off the seat so that she could remove them .
she was going to be here for a while .
sarah held her father in her hand squeezing his shaft slowly jacking him off .
teasing him she flicked her tongue over his head causing owen to gasp .
sarah took him into her mouth feeling her tongue slide down his length .
the closer his cock got to the back of her throat the more aroused she got .
bobbing her head up and down sarah clutched onto his thigh with her other hand squeezing it whenever he was deep inside of her .
slowly she moved her hand from his member down to cradle his balls .
owen could n't hold back any longer he needed to touch her .
running his hand through her long dark hair he grasped a handful at the back of her neck pulling slightly .
moaning around his cock sarah nodded and sped up her movement .
owen pushed the table back to reveal this gorgeous daughter kneeling before him in the shadows .
now i can see my little whore '' he cooed .
sarah 's grip on his thigh grew tight as she groaned the dirty talk making her submissive .
pulling her up by her hair coaxing her fire you like being daddy 's little slut do n't you ? ''
yes daddy '' she whimpered like a bitch in heat .
owen leaned down and kissed his daughter her neck pressing against the edge of the table .
moaning deeply she kissed back with a fierce abandon .
well now ... '' he licked his lips get back to work '' he replied guiding her head back to his cock .
sarah took him eagerly into her mouth making her tongue thick to stimulate his glands repeatedly moving her head in a figure eight pattern .
he gripped her hair tighter and pushed himself deep down her throat .
sarah gagged a little only making her groan with the need to have him all of him as deep as she could .
sarah trembled sucking on his shaft clawing his thigh .
owen looked down at his baby girl shaking so unbelievably desperate for his seed .
cupping the back of her head he delved himself just a tiny bit further and hit the back of her throat .
breathing in quick gasps owen toppled off the edge of orgasm and finished into his baby girl .
taking his warm cum down her throat sarah almost passed out from the pleasure .
feeling himself pulsing inside her warm wet mouth was the best birthday gift owen had ever received .
sarah pulled back and collapsed against his thigh breathing heavily .
she was shaking a bit from the experience definitely overwhelmed .
hey darlin ' '' owen cooed stroking her hair calmingly .
once her breathing had calmed down and his legs were steady enough owen picked sarah up and lay her on his bed wrapping her in a blanket .
turning around he walked into the kitchen to get a slice of cake .
this is my first giveaway here so please bear with me if i 'm a little slow getting to everyone .
if i give you an egg and it does not hatch shiny soft reset and trade it back to me so i can get the correct egg .
i will be online for a couple hours tonight .
i 'll edit my post when i go offline .
if i get a lot of replies i 'll keep the giveaway open for another day
please just claim eggs that match your tsv unless you can link proof that en egg has no active hatchers then you are more then welcome to the egg .
b02 1,6 larvitar ♀ adamant guts 31.31.31.28.31.31 electric 3307 on hold
i currently have a 50mm 1.8 and kit lense .
doing some documentary work and was wondering what my next lense should be .
i have been strongly considering the sigma 17-50 2.8 with is on ebay for around 300 .
obviously its faster are there any better fast zoom options around 300 ?
since i moved to central louisiana i have n't been able to find a spot to go rockhounding .
anyone have some leads on good places to go around here alexandria ?
i know the type of rocks/minerals/fossils are pretty limited around here .
anyone have any additional solutions for the terminal bug on pc i 'm sure you all know about ?
i 've changed the preset interval to 0 in all 3 text files set them to read-only and put the game in windowed mode .
still when i enter a terminal i can not exit without encountering the bug .
i ca n't move or do anything and the only way to get out is to reload the save .
i 'm open to all suggestions except black flag/unity/ryse/wolfenstein/max the curse of brotherhood already own them .
do you receive any game time with the purchase ?
last year in triple a i hit .367 with 22 home runs and 101 stolen bases .
this year i got called up to the majors and i 've been oinch hitting for about 2 months and i 've gotten out twice i 'm hitting .944 .
they have n't let me start a single game yet what 's wrong ?
i have this one behavior that i absolutely despise and yet have no idea how to control .
my husband will be parenting one of the kids .
disciplining them over some legit nonsense they 're perpetrating and my immediate instinct is to intercede on the kids behalf .
if i am not super aware before you know it i 'm getting in the middle and invalidating my husband 's attempt to parent the kids .
most of the time i do n't even know what to do to get them to knock off whatever they 're doing and yet i 'm always trying to help '' .
he also feels like i do n't trust him to parent our kids effectively .
i agree that this is a huge problem but i also have no idea how to fix it .
i know they removed the taking damage overtime for heroes but can you gain health by killing enemies like in the original battlefronts ?
we 're less than two hours away from kick off .
i 'm headin down to san antonio for pax south in a couple months and was wondering if there 's any news of rl events happening down there .
it 's always bittersweet to reach veteran ranks on blackwater blade .
fortunately the pain was lessened by hitting vr2 on bwb before logging out .
yesterday i logged out just a few xp shy of vr1 .
today when i logged in i immediately turned in about two dozen quests i had saved up a scroll keep resource scout and player kill quests along with almost 20 of the delivery quests found in the wilderness of cyrodiil .
i was able to cycle through the five player kill quests before both and after the quests reset at 1:00 am est in addition to completing a few other pvp quests .
i also completed several of the city quests which pay exceptional xp on top of the 700 xp you can receive for solo kills of the keep guards and mages .
the xp racks up pretty quickly if you intentionally pursue it .
i will be heading off to wrothgar now and i might start collecting skyshards in the pve zones as i have almost all of them remaining .
i want to go long on oil futures in a way that provides a knowable loss maximum .
is an option my solution and if so how do i find out the costs of the options available for oil futures in dec 2023 .
i just got the quest where i have to go to diamond city but on the way there i am getting wrecked by groups of enemies that are only a few levels above me whatever direction i go they seem to either be a higher level and kill me or there are about 5 enemies all my level and they just all start shooting me and i die any tips on what perks i should level up first to help me a long the way ?
i 'm playing on normal difficulty but seem to be dying way too much .
i have played previous fallout with no problem when they first released but i am struggling with this .
any tips on what perks will help me the most or any tips in general for combat .
i have n't played a fallout game for ages and i think im too used to the fast paced shooters like call of duty and destiny .
i am using a sens of 2.1 and a dpi of 600 the trouble is im going to get a new mouse where you only have 400 dpi and 800 dpi no in between can someone tell me the sens if i were to use 400 dpi to have it the same as what i have now ?
the ds2406 2413 2408 seem to be end of life .
they are ideal for multidrop setups in a basic home automation system since you do n't need local microcontrollers all over the place .
trends seem to be towards can networks but even these switches e.g .
so that he can recover any injuries he suffer from during the battle and also do aerial attacks ?
i dueled rubick and killed him during the duel time but did not get any duel dmg from that .
no post in dev forums cause registration is not working for me
like i could write a no sleep story in comic sans ?
i quite fancy trying a few games on my fire tv but i do n't really want to add a dedicated amazon controller .
i 'd much prefer something that was also compatible with other devices too so i could get some extra utility out of it .
i did try an xbox360 wireless with the ms dongle but that does n't work properly .
there must surely be some decent bluetooth devices out there that could work with android and pc too .
i have no idea what this game is but it looks promising
the first time i came across this guy i freaked out i was not prepared for that fight .
so i came back with power armor mines a missile launcher and a fully automatic .
my family has had a lot of divorce issues and my sister just told me tonight that my grandfather touched her .
i went completely numb and punched a wall fracturing my hand .
i 'm looking for 2 people to get the 5 wins done .
i 've been streaming for about 4 weeks now and gotten about 80 followers everything is going well but the one problem i always have is everyone says when they search my twitch channel it does n't show up .
i 've tried this myself and nothing comes up whenever i search savgz '' anyone know how to fix this or anyone else having this trouble ?
the sociological data on what various communities of muslims think is often surprising to people in the secular west .
unfortunately robust real-time cross-section insight into muslim attitudes about specific events is normally obscured by understandable forms of self-censorship .
this post is from a young english speaking exmuslim who having entrained western values is understandably upset by his/her mother 's reaction to the paris shootings .
although of course the mother 's ideas constitute only one person 's views and we do not know for certain how wide-spread such ideas may be among muslims living in the west indeed we do not know where this family lives reading this post is an eye opening glimpse into the perspective of an unknown number of muslim families .
here is the text from the original post in r/exmuslim https www.reddit.com/r/exmuslim/comments/3su5pt/rant_about_paris entitled rant about paris
i want to pack my shit and leave and go to a hotel .
i just got into an arguement with my entire family because my mom literally feels bad not for the victims of the shootings but for the shooters and for the rest of isis because they might get arrested if they find anymore in paris .
she then said i 'm not happy about their deaths the victims but i 'm not sad either .
so i tried to argue people at the cafes and restaurants that died were probably not involved with any muslim dying in syria or wherever else .
she says well when you ca n't kill the person that kills your family you will kill someone of the same nationality . ''
my last attempt at a counterarguement was what if 12 year old granddaughter or 10 year granddaugter were somewhere in public and isis attacked and they were killed .
her response was well it would be their granddaughters fault for going to that place when they know isis might attack it .
they should n't go places that are haraam . ''
i 'm sick to my stomach i composed myself and did n't yell at anyone but i am ready to blow up .
i just ca n't even process what i 'm hearing anymore .
this is getting out of control and i am sick of living with these people .
i am gon na start contacting landlords and looking for apartments .
i feel like there was a point in the recent past where i could really connect with people over anything .
this lasted for a stretch of time that lasted several months !
during my senior year of college though things started dwindling .
i was just dooone with school but stuck there and in my last year i wore myself thin and just really was a shell of myself by the time graduation rolled around .
started smoking cigarettes when i was too broke for weed drank more in the three months after i graduated than i ever had ever .
i just didnt have the energy to connect with people like i did .
i am recovering from this and i am super sad i could n't just stay empathetic i feel like it felt soooo goood .
my friends and i have this group thing in a subject where we need to interview a professional in our field so here i am looking for any professional writers that is okay with being interviewed this week or as soon as possible with video .
if you 're a copy-writer journalist work in a publishing house or as long you 're in the field of literature please message me here .
i guess i 'm just trying to see if there 's any actual merit to those students reacting how they are and why they argue for it .
does picking the hacking perks help or just allow you to hack more complex computers ?
by easier i am referring to adding more guesses or less choices or perhaps more of the dud remover thingies .
only this time it 's in the form of dunwich borers a giant quarry east of the slog .
even lots of traps in the beginning and ghouls to be fought .
so i am on my 74th day of no fap !
i quit porn and masturbation for good because of my porn induced ed .
i was just wondering if anyone has gone through what i am going through right now ?
the thing is i feel really horny all the time and i get seriously turned on by any attractive girl .
like i can only think about wanting to have sex with them and all that good stuff .
my dick does n't really get all that hard and still feels pretty dead .
it is just soo confusing that i am so mentally excited and turned on by all these girls but my dick is n't corresponding .
my settlement at it 's high was 80 happy .
this was with 16 people 30 food 59 water 24 power 80 defense and 30 beds .
every time i head out into the wastes i leave with happiness high with a green arrow .
but every time i come back the town happiness will have dropped significantly and a red arrow will be next to happiness .
and always once i get back i click workshop and see a red arrow then after less than a minute it always changes back to green and starts going up .
i just got back to sanctuary after spending a lot of time working on other settlements .
i get back and happiness has dropped from 80 to 47 ... within minutes it 's already back up to 54 .
i think preston is getting ahead of himself and becomes a tyrant whenever i head out into the wastes .
i bet preston pulls a eulogy jones whenever i leave town .
wonder how he keeps everyone quite when i get back .
only complaint i hear is about the bed situation '' .
but i cant figure out what that situation '' is when i have 14 available beds !
what i 'm looking for the main thing i am looking for is someone i can get along with .
someone i can talk to get to know and most importantly have fun with .
i 'm currently single and open to the idea of being more than friends with someone be it fwb or actually dating so long as there is a spark between us .
however if your only interest is sexual do n't bother message me .
me i am white 5'10 112 pounds and mtf transgendered i am on hormones but am pre-op .
some people say i 'm pretty but i do n't see it .
if you want to see how i look you will have to talk to me first .
you i 'm indifferent towards your gender so long as we can get along be it as friends or otherwise .
i generally enjoy female company more than male but am open to anyone so long as they are laid back and none judgemental .
i had to upvote after that savage 3 for 1 .
i did n't think mitchell would play much i saw someone else say the four horsemen that might work better if mitchell keeps playing
i love benjamin franklin but i love being alive and well even more so .
im over freedom to be honest look where it 's getting the world nowhere .
if you 're talking about and indoor location then yes .
i did n't mean to fall and my only exit was highly irradiated .
if you want to know our names they are gaius and aulus .
i can easily change between xbox and playstation but even though i grew up playing snes and every time i got to the wii and wiiu pro controllers i always get confused as fuck
i actually looked that up but decided not to edit my comment .
i was thinking of the jacket and cartman 's chin line and my mind went straight to outlines . ''
yeah but you ca n't see the sphere of influence of a pylon when you are placing it .
burrows out works phaneuf and somehow gets a call ... ?
beauch wanted more money than what bieksa is getting .
we traded wiz for a genuine back up so gibson can get more playing time in the ahl .
murray bringing in bieksa was the right move he may not be living up to expectations but it 's better than letting a rookie play in his spot .
since our defense is already so damn young do you really want stoner to be the most experienced defensemen on the team ?
our line on both side of the ball needs to step up big time
many there are heaps of stimulants that currently fall into this area
synephrine methylsynephrine octopamine higenamine dicaffeine malate dl-halostachine etc etc the list goes on and on !
a wholesale ingredient importer just had 150kg of pea phenylethylamine seized under this new legislation .
so you started as charlemagne united francia and managed to get a claim on the byzantine empire ?
15s limit unless you record it at 2x and make it play back at .5 speed but that 's too much of hassle
i fail to see how gender can change the motivations of any charcter at all let alone a captain of the first order .
gender only changes appearence for the most part and even then with phasma we did n't even know she was a she untill recently .
yeah i noticed this too i thought it would be pretty useful on some melee supports with ranged spells that could get the proc easily but i 've never seen it work only with aa 's .
you can go blade after triforce and essence reaver imo you dont need lifesteal much with ez because you should be poking alot .
if you can provide a link to some source code for it or to whoever runs it that would be great .
i 'm just curious how it would be able to create a news headline based off previous events and post it so eerily close to something like this with damn similar dead/injured numbers .
it 'll ask for an account to be made just make up an email and password .
i made my dickbutt fakeemail.com and it worked just fine
108 is a new low score to my knowledge .
well i guess it probably has to do with how far away it is .
you have to take a 12h flight from paris to la and then another 9h flight to tahiti and then another flight/boat ride to the island of your choosing instead of a single 8h flight to the antilles .
it usually takes more than 24h to get there and it 's expensive as hell .
i did n't know spastic was a pc term 10 years ago ...
yes ketosis is required for the fat burning benefits .
you can eat a caloric surplus/maintenance and still be in ketosis though
a mod that allows settlements to place free stuff '' bins that players can put items in and settlers will automatically wear .
this can be improved by giving guards priority over the good armor/weapons .
sure thing i 'll dm you a picture and we can talk
you 're a fucking tit douche retard fucktard dumbass idiot fuckknuckle whatever you want to call it..
but you have plenty of fellows pouring in here right now .
unless they 're a 10mm there 's really no difference between 'handgun ' and 'rifle ' right ?
i 'm sorry but your submission has been automatically removed because the title does not include one of the required gender tags m f tg .
we need to have this so people know what they 're getting into when they click the links .
please include one and resubmit and you wo n't be bothered by this message again .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/assholegonewild if you have any questions or concerns .
i tell them i became a fan when rich rod was coach
are they just imaging telescopes or can you actually gather light spectra ?
if you can get light spectra what wavelength range of light can you observe ?
can you observe other galaxies or only stars in our galaxies ?
i have done astrophysics research for two years btw .
i know both python and c and have found python to be way more useful .
the udhr was adopted by the general assembly in paris not geneva .
most are outdated as soon as they go on the site .
you want to go by whatever the team says in videos .
unless they have recently said otherwise it is not exclusive .
trust me ... like a lot of my other purchases from rsi when i found out the opposite was true i was n't happy .
all we supposedly get that others ca n't is an amd skin .
the omega itself will be attainable in the game .
i 'm general of the minuteman a knight of the brotherhood a member of the institute and a railroad collaborator .
note that paris was not the biggest terrorist attack in ten years '' .
she must have meant against mostly white people '' .
when fact 1 is untrue i tend to question fact 2 .
datsyuk is back the schedule is n't terrible there 's nothing to blame it on
ca n't help but think about the amount of suicides from that subreddit alone .
fashion fallout is the only way to play it .
i know in my case i ruined a few items of clothing before i realized the problem were the rags i use to wash the bathroom with .
i use scrubbing bubbles which contains a bit of bleach .
putting the rags with other clothes in the hamper or in the wash would result in unsightly discolored blotches on my clothes .
if you can cancel your hotel reservations for free you might be able to make new ones for much cheaper .
all the selfies taken here will do so much to help out
the fact that they 're getting cute this early gives me some hope .
i feel like their coaching staff might be panicking a little .
this is probably gon na help my sorry attempts at hacking a lot in the future .
i wear an 11 in chuck taylors and an 11 ee in these but that 's because i have wide feet .
yeah but you have to get really close to him vats is retarded im 10 meters if from of this ghoul running straight at me and it says i have 13 chance to hit his torso .
it 's all hard drives the more you fill the drive the more the file system has to shift through finding the data it needs this can be helped on pc by running a disk defrag to help collate files for better system access .
xbox one ca n't do that so as you fill the drive with games it gets slower and slower to pull main system files because it has to sort through other files first .
ssd 's or even hybrid drives eliminate this by storing important os files on the flash sections of the drive for quick access .
which is also why people see a noticeable increase to os speed on the xbox one when storing all the games on an external hard drive and have nothing on the internal .
less crap to shift through faster access to important system files quick dashboard .
yikes not exactly a great time for fireworks in my opinion .
if you 're really a high energy cosmic ray thanks .
keep existing and let me experimentally simulate you in the lab .
between it breaking down all the time and people breaking the hose due to not hanging it back up i understand charging for air .
lift is a jet pack glide is like flipping a zero-g switch .
if you look at historic casualty rates in military conflicts you see how great the difference is in the bush wars .
i learned fp in a university lecture with an abstract syntax but as a student always had the desire to run the code .
haskell with its clean syntax was closest and was what i ended up using for myself .
you could pick a more obscure language like alice/ml https github.com/aliceml/aliceml to emphasis the conceptual aspect but then you might run into bugs .
not as good as the lord of the rings .
you said it yourself rousey specializes in taking the fight to the ground .
had she managed to close with holm in that round it would have been a very different fight .
holm did a great job but that 's not the same thing as rousey having no chance '' .
its either ati/amd or nvidia ... i would suggest trying to roll back to the latest whql tested drivers for your card .
just because you have the newest drivers does not mean they are whql certified .
eli5 does not allow links to lmgtfy as they are generally used condescendingly or tersely .
feel free to provide a better explanation in another comment .
if you feel that this removal was done in error please message the moderators http www.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/explainlikeimfive if you have any questions or concerns .
would you rather vote for hilary or trump lmao or carson even bigger lmao
let me get this straight ... one day after the tragedy in paris you are asking is to attack more innocent people so you can watch russia get into a bloody war from your computer .
only used it when i got a guaranteed kill or a high value situation such as against aces .
or when i was touching a ship but couldnt shoot at it normally .
the math my hull is worth 3.7 pts vs a 25 pt ywing which is worth 3.15 not worth it .
considering tesla 's unhappiness with people doing silly things with autopilot especially off freeways maybe it 's a good thing you did n't .
one of those busts from the haunted mansion so it follows you round the corner .
this is the first mma fight i 've ever even had slight interest in why ?
because i seen the hype the past days with this rousey character and everything about her behavior implied an upset was stirring .
when i seen her playground scowl during the walk-in i was certain of it .
yeah it 's nice how he can mix sarcastic banter with candid honest responses .
i feel like cracking the formula for fun can be really daunting .
gang up means this would be run several times unnecessarily .
we only need to check for reno when reno is in the hand .
well he did threaten him saying he 'd break his hands and whatnot .
of course it 's bullshit but it 's still hostile and attacks u/canadianator directly .
i doubt gaijin would want an asshat like that in their game .
cant talk much bc someone is in room with me .
dae think that maybe lorna found out about lacey and used the info to blackmail ex-fh into going along with her demands ?
mmmm of course ... you are responsible of giving me a great orgasm if you come in though
but i think the front hall is wasted space make it a porch instead and the hall part only enough for a bathroom door ?
access the closest from the bathroom or inset the bathroom door a little to make room for a side door to the closet .
you 'd probably use it for shoes and coats right ?
that 's the most brilliant idea ever and i love it .
i 'd only suggest that blocking off the toilet as a place to store your clean clothes and towel as well as to keep your toilet dry might be a good idea .
it just signifies that the enemy is a lot more powerful and higher leveled than you are .
that is backwards it is red to positive then black to negative .
less likelihood of a spark igniting explosive gasses that way .
you masturbate 2 times a day and spend your time looking like a fucking retard at school .
contagion clasp contagion engine throne of geth which combos with your core prowler ... spread the sickness and grim affliction are ... okay ... too .
drop it on anything that can get through the defenses with infect .
other than that i agree that infect should remain at 10 .
after months of breaking up i realized how broken i am .
i still do n't get if she was a narcissist or just a mean crazy person .
the point is that i was clean in my feelings and like you i had a high idea of what was love..
that 's so fucking stupid i do n't understand why some organizations do that .
it does n't make any sense to have an acronym with no meaning behind it .
it used to be the learning channel '' and now it 's just tlc with no extended meaning .
i guess that 's better than keeping it the learning channel '' because it has turned into an atrocious network spewing out brainless nonsense shows .
what is the difference between a pizza and a child ?
to summon me include tell me a joke '' somewhere in your message .
the way she bounced around but her form stayed as stilled as a statue .
what does the statehood of where you live have to do with whether or not you should be able to influence who you are governed by at a national level ?
i thought one of the original grievances the us had with england was that they did n't get representation in government despite paying taxes .
we can shit on the whole state of michigan i 'm sure .
everyone keep saying giuliani but christie tried pulling that bullshit big time .
ooooh i was a.g. the day before 9/11 ... . blah blah i 'm a fat sack of shit blah blah i was there with the victims blah blah '' .
i guess that was just a way to hedge .
one would drop the other so they got to be right '' about one team and award the other with a bump .
spoole has a girlfriend if you look at his twitter you 'll see her picture with him as his profile pic
finn laudrup was a fairly prodigious talent and was capped 19 times .
otherwise i do n't know if there 's a fault with your board or not .
new to vaping with a 100 dripper and a complicated coil build .
where they performed exploratory surgery trying to find her boxing skills .
mayweather does n't need a second of training to paralyze rousey .
if he landed a single glancing blow she 'd be destroyed .
no disrespect to rousey or women athletes but there are undeniable physiological differences between men and women and that 's why they have separate leagues/divisions/etc .
the canadian women 's gold medal olympic hockey team regularly gets trounced by boys high school teams who they play against as warmups for olympic matches .
after waiting 3hour doing something else the event reset 2 times .
the first time they spawn inside the base so i could n't do it but the second time it work .
the timer is just invisible and 9/10 time the event spawn it 's bugged .
heh my hubs is super fussy about socks and boxers everytime he buys socks and then decides he hates them and throw them out '' i 'm like yay new socks ! ''
i need to know how to sew those into girl shorts .
response to you should n't mind if someone can read your private communications '' is and i do n't ? ''
no response to mind sending me all of your social media logins email logins bank account info and so forth ?
summary you do care about your own privacy but you do n't care about the privacy of everyone else outside the circle of you .
if i recall correctly this kind of thing happens when the translation done by a machine that 's been taught by feeding it lots of text documents web pages etc .
it learns the words by context so if the context is our country '' it 'll use whatever country the reader is from .
the example i saw a few years back was changing the name of the president prime minister so if you were talking about obama and changed the text to russian it might say putin '' instead .
how the hell can football be faggy '' but american football is manly ?
american football has a bunch of guys who are padded up for protection and the game gets stopped every time a tackle is made .
i suggest anyone who thinks football is a sport for wimps to come play a game on a sunday morning in glasgow .
yeah but oil lost 2 and bj 's won 2 so going with how its trending we last now
now ethereum moving to pos wipes out the pools centralization correct ?
i 'm not sure if it would be unethical to give a bot gold .
apparently all you need to say is tell me a joke '' .
i also giggled while clicking through the slide show and seeing batman punch me in the face with your dick .
it was cosmic karma because he pushed bogut to get free ... and it obviously was n't called by the refs .
people always say that 's the only thing those places ever get .
it is partially true and they make a lot of veggie/beef stew for the patrons .
i tried to donate 2 deer worth of venison all of which was professionally butchered and processed but they would n't take it because it did n't come from a grocery store .
i had jerky stew meat steaks sausages hard deer sausage etc .
so i stood outside their place and gave it all away instead .
next you 're gon na tell me that rubbing dirt on a piece of paper does n't make it an unimpeachable historical manuscript .
i 'm wondering if it lost a lot of something in it 's brevity .
i 'm personally not feeling the blending of the low poly with the glitch effect and the gritty blood textures .
it just kind of feels all over the place stylistically .
the type is pretty good though it reminds me of those visually busy graphic tees that 35 year old guys sometimes wear to try and convince everyone they 're still 20 .
a good attempt but i 'd keep working on it .
maybe keep the low poly look but get rid of the busy blood background in favor of one solid color black or red ?
sounds like a variant of two common practices that are more ok
1 a common billing thing is where a person comes in with one major complaint but you continue asking questions to get a few others document them and are able to bill a higher complexity visit .
this generally is n't fraud as long as the complaints are real and you can reasonably argue you needed the extra info for medical decision making .
and often you really do need that info to make a proper dx .
2 there is also the need for a diagnosis '' or symptom to allow the ordering of a test .
usually the actual diagnosis works but i do sometimes run into trouble let 's say i 'm ordering a tsh because of some vague constellation of symptoms .
sometimes my 1st tries are n't allowed reasons so slight variations and synonyms and their other complaints have to be tried .
on the otherhand in your practice it sounds like symptoms are being completely manufactured after a test comes back abnormal ?
yikes a call to your states medical board is in order .
i would get myself out of there quickly as well .
and for any remaining time you are there definitely refuse to create any symptoms and do n't do any injections that are n't needed !
in addition assuming your team also has hospital priv .
i like her ideas this is who i want in office . ''
so when she answered 9/11 '' to her connections on wall street and got applause that was why they were clapping ?
i 'd think if they were really neutral citizens they would have thought how is that relevant to the question ? ''
because i 'm a horrible person and i want people to suffer the same way i did
also if you think that 's bad some guy posted this thing and got over 20 upvotes http i.imgur.com/hnjfzhg.jpg safe link
the devils have n't won in calgary since 2008 and vancouver since 2009 .
what can he do vs the flash/teleport lissandra that got their bot lane super ahead ?
i dont know how someone 's heart can fall out of their chest
not to downplay the giants but the patriots have fewer turnovers than any other team or at least close to .
if we had a turnover problem i would be much more concerned .
getting absolutely destroyed by that huge statue with a mace before the boss in red armor with a shield and polearm .
i might just be blind but if not any chance of adding a direct link to the vod youtube video once it 's available of the match on the stats page ?
what if i told you nazism communism ottoman fascism fascism in general
or quest up untill the point where you can use the hidden trapdoor behind the canafis bar .
that saves some time in aid of the myriqee or w/e .
lucas has a stall at bunker hill saves you having to run all around looking for him .
edit it would appear that him and trashcan carla take turns at the same stall
we 're a group of people who will sit for hours days even weeks on end performing some of the hardest most mentally demanding tasks .
over and over and over all for nothing more than a little digital token saying we did .
we 'll punish our selfs doing things others would consider torture because we think it 's fun .
we 'll spend most if not all of our free time min maxing the stats of a fictional character all to draw out a single extra point of damage per second .
many of us have made careers out of doing just these things slogging through the grind all day the same quests over and over hundreds of times to the point where we know evety little detail such that some have attained such gamer nirvana that they can literally play these games blindfolded .
do these people have any idea how many controllers have been smashed systems over heated disks and carts destroyed 8n frustration ?
all to latter be referred to as bragging rights ?
these people honestly think this is a battle they can win ?
we 're already building a new one without them .
gamers are n't shy about throwing their money else where or even making the games our selves .
they think calling us racist mysoginistic rape apologists is going to change us ?
we 've been called worse things by prepubescent 10 year olds with a shitty head set .
they picked a fight against a group that 's already grown desensitized to their strategies and methods .
who enjoy the battle of attrition they 've threatened us with .
who take it as a challange when they tell us we no longer matter .
our obsession with proving we can after being told we ca n't is so deeply ingrained from years of dealing with big brothers/sisters and friends laughing at how pathetic we used to be that proving you people wrong has become a very real need a honed reflex .
the worst thing you did in all of this was to challange us .
you 're not special you 're not original you 're not the first this is just another boss fight .
see the us has no freedom of speech at all !
i think you are waking up to it too .
when you treat people like the enemy they become the enemy .
what i usually do buy a pink and put it offensively since its only 75g .
i buy up to 5 pinks each game since patch.
get the crab and put another trinket ward down offensively aswell .
but yes you have to wait for charges on your trinket before attemping to overextend to stuff like second tower or stealing jungle camps without risk .
i do n't feel any restrictions on my old playstyle of putting huge pressure top tbh .
i 've jumped from a high-rise building using only a raincoat as a parachute and broke both legs upon landing .
i still had to pretend like i was in a fuckin ' cirque du soleil show . ''
reason why this game gone to sh1t because ppl wan na nerf every little thing and have everything easy/handed to them .
hatorri is just a really fast character but that 's it .
you 're many times more likely to be murdered by police than by a concealed carrier .
they are however the reason democrats support designated murder zones aka gun free zone '' because these fascist supported locations prevent concealed carriers from carrying effectively decreasing public safety .
which is where the majority of mass shootings occur .
the z5 premium is only available in chrome gold and black .
are we still quoting the parody of jem the holograms here ?
i 'd want to kill everyone if i got a potato
my family always makes christmas candy our favorite one that we usually triple to accommodate how much everyone loves them are buckeyes .
they are easy to make and since i live in utah we just set them in the garage to harden .
in a large bowl mix together the peanut butter butter vanilla and confectioners ' sugar .
roll into 1 inch balls and place on a waxed paper-lined cookie sheet .
press a toothpick into the top of each ball to be used later as the handle for dipping and chill in freezer until firm about 30 minutes .
melt chocolate chips in a double boiler or in a bowl set over a pan of barely simmering water .
dip frozen peanut butter balls in chocolate holding onto the toothpick .
leave a small portion of peanut butter showing at the top to make them look like buckeyes .
put back on the cookie sheet and refrigerate until serving .
super easy and very good to make for large groups !
the r/feminism sidebar which for years has said r/askfeminists is for non feminist questions and r/feminism is not .
if she 's going out without you with single women every week then she 's looking for something that you ca n't provide .
if you want to fix it then read the sidebar and lift .
yes but sinn féin have no prominent presence in the republic .
gerry adams and martin mcguinness the two most high-profile ira-linked terrorists are not in power in the republic of ireland .
mcguinness is the deputy in ni which is in the uk .
the ira was n't made into a democratically-elected party .
it 's just due to historical affiliations that many ira members joined the very old sinn féin party .
members joined a well-established political party rather than recognising the whole group itself as a political party .
i mean they were likely bought not in paris to begin with .
every dead jihadist might might very well be one terrorist more in the world .
the last update three day ago seems to fix the problem for me !
wow i honestly ca n't tell if you 're serious or not .
the human brain is also a machine made by nature do you not understand that ?
consciousness is an emergent property of the complex system in our skulls and so it 's safe to assume if not already certain that consciousness can be manifested in other machines or complex systems .
if it 's impossible for something artificial to be conscious then it 's also impossible for humans to be for example you could make an artificial brain that actually operates exactly as a human one would yet you would dismiss the consciousness that operates the same as yours simply because it did n't occur naturally .
actually think about such interesting issues before getting all dogmatic .
regardless of all that this is n't based in our universe and as such your opinion does n't matter opinions do n't belong in arguments of fact any way if blizzard says they 're alive then they 're alive .
heck there 's even a distinction between al-qaeda and isis .
comparing them to ira or eta is completely stupid at least eta or ira were trying to achieve something and whatever they did was directed towards that action .
ira did n't go to paris and kidnap 1500 people .
eta did n't keep kids in cages and stream the scenes online .
ok no one should ever think trying to kill the pm is fine but i 'd rather have someone try to kill the pm than come and kidnap while i am on the other side of the world having fun with my family hundred of miles away from their heatzones .
you knew you 'd be safe from eta if you were from germany .
isis would be fine with sending someone to kill kids in alaska
i have an insane mother and a bitchy mil .
i need people to acknowledge their crazy sometimes or i could never get through the holidays .
my therapist says its an important part of self-worth to have your feelings acknowledged or something .
of course most of his job is agreeing that they are both crazy so he might just be out for a paycheck haha .
as for me im extremely disappointed at how little of note has been added to the game .
i feel like almost everything about the game is either a step back or has stayed the same .
its not that i hate the game im just really bummed out because it feels like fallout 3,5 .
i 'm finalizing travel plans but i 'm very close to confirming attendance !
my mom owns probably about 850k in real estate yet has to scrape by in retirement b/c too much of her net worth is caught up in non-income producing real estate .
the home you live in generally does n't bring as good returns as the market and usually gives you no income .
i think you 're going to need that much larger of a stock/bond portfolio in order to keep up your multi-million dollar house .
sure you want the account to grow but right now it 's not particularly bad .
it 'll take a few years to get an account balance where it starts to become a big factor .
shaman got thunder bluff valiant to go with the totem theme .
it makes sense to give paladins an inspire that makes creatures it ca n't make recruits because silver hand regent already does that so you get murloc knight .
or ... you know they could just remove flinch as it adds nothing to the game other than an rng factor ... .
unfortunately the great chrome-dome in the sky 's spreadsheets and math does n't account for how fucking annoying the game is with flinch so he wo n't change anything
i doubt it those guys were actually based somewhere and could be defeated by hitting them where it hurts .
damn i probably wo n't make it to 50 does it matter the difficulty i clear it on ?
it 's practical and convenient but i 'd rather have my mk6 gli back lol
the most loving thing we can do for this world is destroying islam and eradicating arabs from earth .
a nuke on every major middle eastern city should be a good start .
bit of a lack of reading comprehension on my part there .
now that i slept and could understand things properly i 'm glad for her !
again you 're the only one saying fairies gods and aliens .
and you seem to be refuting the fact that there is quite a lot of talk in physics about the possibility of our reality being a holographic projection of some sort .
that very characterization would imply some sort of intelligent source .
you 're simply behaving as though you 're privy to answers nobody has yet .
and at the end of the day you have n't disproved the existence of beings with capabilities greater than ours .
the discovery amazed the scholars in question so really you can save your breath with any further glib dismissals and accusations of mere superstitiousness .
banana republic has been getting killed this year aka they are losing tons of money aka more sales .
explain me how can he trade kills when he dies
a lot of people would bend it on purpose .
it went so far that people would bend the demo phones in the actually apple stores and put it on youtube
lets see him keeping his form against top10 european teams .
he 's not even top20 player in the world .
the rest of the news is where it happened to the point of the street name what people do against these attacks and which hospitals children went to .
if you have only negative feelings about it then do not do it .
if both of you wanted those other threesomes then it 's a very different thing from one of you wanting it and the other dreading it .
it 's actually no kind of fair exchange at all .
it is n't hard to follow the rules but sometimes with the people that deserve it ...
sometimes i do n't like trying to be a role model .
so keep it parked till you have a group yea ?
the king in his last start getting into a wreck his crew working hard to get him back out onto the track .
who woulda thought alan davey wouldnt be around to finish the '93 season .
ronda rushing holm totally whiffing and charging headlong into the cage
and you have a pretty exhaustive list of huh she 's actually going to lose '' moments .
you can buy unlimited disposable bags at heb for 1 .
lvl 80 tamamo working on leveling her to 90 .
ok. just seemed like this one was shading too much in the direction of examining media bias racial bias as the topic in and of itself opinions vary but that seems more sociology in essence wrapped around the big news event from france .
that 's why they yell at you and stress you out in military training it 's to break those habits and condition people to react with action when confronted with stress and fear .
that makes no fucking sense considering that france did n't abolish slavery until a decade after american independance during their own revolution .
call me a terrorist but if the us nuked my country i would n't cry if there was a terrorist attack there ... .
is he the real deal when it comes to offensive defenceman or are a lot of his points due to the fact he 's on a already high scoring team in dallas .
for instance if he and karlsson swapped spots would he still be putting up points like this .
like when she went full girl mode and screamed like a 10 year old school girl after she won
i thought of it that way too at first but then i quickly realized what she had done .
then she started to talk about her training for the fight with rogan and i can understand fully why she had that reaction .
i do n't know how you can come back from that .
i would have reacted the exact same way as her
2.13 still in texas because fuck people who are tipped .
i would take bets they can prove that the average food truck operator made well over the minimum tip and that she made more than 0.25/hour in tips .
now the failure to pay fica taxes provide w2s ?
that 's going to nail them to the wall hard .
honestly ca n't remember seeing something like that in quite a while .
i 'm a rousey fan but i admit holm is crazy good .
so happy for holm holding it down for the 505 .
you will go out with anyone and if it works out then good for you if it doesn't.. well at least you tried .
hey i got some new pokes maybe interested in one of these https de.reddit.com/r/bankballexchange/comments/3speqb/lf_again_some_illegal_ha_bankballs_i_dont_have_ft
as a jayce main whenever i pull one of those off feelsgoodman
might be used in a paper if i get interesting results .
oh definitely if someone thinks he 's a bigot then there 's nothing that will change their minds now .
i 'm referring more to the idea that beliefs influence actions .
if people ca n't see that the murderers of the charlie hebdo cartoonists were influenced by their beliefs rather than say french colonialism then nothing will .
the person i was responding to did n't provide sources so i do n't provide sources either .
it makes no sense that everyone on the show blames her .
she was at most a second year resident when derek died .
there was an attending who was on derek 's case and penny was just his junior resident .
he was the one that made all the shitty calls and did n't listen to her .
something about the way she talks annoys me and so far i just do n't like the way she is .
i hated callie at the beginning too though so maybe penny will get less annoying .
do you still think you can compete with me ronda ?
i think they are just understandably bummed that it took away from their spotlight .
blacklivesmatter is something we have to deal with domestically and we are loosing many lives in america because of it .
these comparisons are hard and should n't be made .
i think the anti-islam narrative of the events in paris is good for media ratings .
something else will come up soon to either distract or entertain us .
and then think there are 128 people just like him ...
even though the wounds in paris are still very fresh after friday 's attacks sanders appropriately used this moment to highlight the current and future global tragedies that unmitigated climate change will surely cause .
a landmark study earlier this year provided convincing evidence that a multiyear drought linked to global warming helped spark the catastrophic syrian war which helped give rise to isis .
the pentagon has consistently called climate change a threat multiplier. if we do not get our act together and listen to what the scientists say sanders said at tonight 's debate you 're going to see all kinds of international conflict.
i liked that rogan shut goldy up when he kept going on about ronda being a rockstar .
if you go to r/conspiracy right now it 's some of the most idiotic shit you could ever imagine .
people posting about the so-called terrorist attack in paris '' .
and he played a larger part in this failure than any other american due to his position .
but blaming everything on him just allows people ignore that every american made an error in starting a war we could not finish .
and although we do n't like to admit it our failures are too .
lionel hollins was trying to call timeout before the 8 second violation but simply was n't noticed .
and the soviet union brought together america and the precursors to today 's jihadists .
well obviously most people in a thread about griffin are gon na be griffin fanboys .
i have some that i had gotten from costco about a year ago they are matty m '' brand .
thick waistband do no let underwear show through high waist band no bagging and they are long enough !
i did n't have to order up in size to get ones long enough .
i 'm almost 6ft tall and i have the mediums .
they are awesomely stretchy so they look small before you put them on but they stretch to the right size .
but you ca n't really see it and with how awesome they are otherwise i really ca n't care too much about it .
no beef murder or pakistan jao statements nearby either d
i 'm implying that france is not an awe-inspiring arch enemy '' to the degree that the us/russia are .
military numbers are irrelevant when discussing simple perception which due to cold war pasts really favors russia/us as being hegemonic powers in people 's world views .
there are also wildly different perceptions of the nations as a whole .
russia could have half the raw number of tanks or whatever bs simple fact is that russia is seen as relentless tough and aggressive while the french are ... not .
i 'm sorry have you seen the nba allstar game .
do n't lose your grip on the dreams of the past
omg you should post this in r/unexpected cuz i fully thought you were the sheik .
looks like silver and its really dissapointing having worked for it
id imagine glucose and ribose would be a pair .
fatty acids and amino acids are both linear molecules with a carboxyl group on the end .
ce ma enerveaza pe mine cel mai tare sunt magazinele care au produse probably made in china '' cu tricouri 5xl 8xl ... care cred ca sunt mici si pentru copii de 10 ani
okay but here 's the thing i do n't understand .
say she 's in a relationship so i keep my distance .
say they break up i 'm supposed to keep my distance .
when the hell am i allowed '' to talk to her ?
edit sort of surprised this comment 's controversial if you somehow think there is something inherently wrong with running a hedge fund let 's hear it .
if anything this made women 's ufc that much more interesting .
played each game every year and enjoyed each for its lifetime with at least 30 days of playtime into them .
aw on the other hand i only ended up putting about a week of playtime into .
i liked it at first but the more and more i played it the less i liked it found myself turning on ghosts or playing nhl more often instead .
so far i 've been loving bo3 so there 's no hype train to get off of for me .
i find that 's just one of the many reasons they are often quite easy to relate to ...
like the one image is adam driver professional reference shot ''
word is she 's on her way to the hospital so we 'll have to wait for the salt .
all as and crit with no base damage sounds awful .
hi chilli_guru it looks like your submission is r/worldnews was removed because you used a link shortener .
due to issues with duplicate submissions we do not allow these on this subreddit .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/worldnews if you have any questions or concerns .
dayum most of their cards are op af too .
and hundreds of people lifted up their shirts and checked ...
floyd called out mosely tszyu and oscar only to get ducked https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=cehf5hx6jb0 pacquiao-floyd not happening 5 years ago was mannys fault https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=zus8yas_qts so who exactly ?
get real you floyd haters are just salty over him clowning pacquiao with ease .
i mean he 's easy to hate if he 's not your own guy
some things are more true than others but all are true !
in longer words i meant this kind of testing would make you a quality beta tester .
the 'beta testing ' in present tense was making fun of the game as since it still has some bugs it 's still in 'beta ' a common joke esp in dota reddit
if you 're not killing pig with a knife you got ta take a hard look in the mirror .
it 's that much sweeter that it happened at the hands and feet of holly holm .
that was the sweetest thing i 've ever seen .
congrats to the new champ on a clean ko and humbling the wind bag that is ronda rousey .
hiv is n't contracted via exposure to blood you know that right ?
the blood has to enter your body somehow and there needs to be a reasonable amount of it i ca n't really picture that in the situation you 've described .
someone cuts themselves shaving and there 's a lot of blood how would someone else get that blood inside of their body ?
the context here is someone talking about death my admittedly limited understanding is the timeline of events is hiv aids death via one of the complications associated with aids .
hearing music i grew up listening to on the oldies station .
there 's a bunch of movies based on it too i think the last one was made in 1984 by the bbc it was pretty good the classic one was made in 1956 .
hi guys its jimmy here and im gon na show you guys this really cool easter egg on this map so theres this a hazmat suit so this is an obvious easter egg to breaking bad be sure to like calment and subscribe
to have access to really excellent mana you 'll end up having blue sources from prairie stream and sunken hollow .
so playing a blue creature ai n't that bad .
it seems a really american thing to confuse vegetarianism/veganism with health food fads ...
this article did n't really make any arguments either .
just an angry rant by someone who does n't like hipsters .
what i do is switch to 4×6 for the same weight the next workout .
then increase the weight by ten lbs the next workout .
so volume stays the same essentially and you dont have to use the tiny plates
you could fix this op or you could n't .
i have an 18 inch zildjian avadis crash that is cracked no keyholes but just on the edge .
kind of in between a china and a crash i use it all the time for that reason .
ahh trying to brush up before the new star wars .
just that it was sold on september 11 which seems a bit strange
deck trackers exist because pen and paper is extremely cumbersome and exhausting .
deck trackers obviously provide unfair advantage because they free up the user 's time .
i want to see the guy who uses pen and paper every day for every game for hours and hours .
robot of sherwood was stupid but well-timed and well-acted no credit to gatiss tho .
the unquiet dead was very boring indeed i fell asleep on cold war and the idiot 's lantern is just the worst nuwho episode .
gatiss could do better but at least he 's not behind kill the moon .
he might be posting them to a forum or something ?
like asking for help with that mission and such .
platinum exile pve luminai is 6/6 and was 6/6 our first week on raiding on luminai .
we even got serverfirst kill on ohmna f2p version ofc and so we are on our 2rd week of raiding and trying to progress ds .
we lack some solidt dps and a good offtank pt. as some of our players started taking the game less seriously after ohmna was downed and so we starting missing a few people at each raid and so now we call out for new players who are more dedicated .
we are still no raiding guild on luminai and we wa n't this to continue but if we do n't find some good new players to fill our needs in ds it wo n't work out .
do n't worry about your gear and attunement this we can fix in a matter of days all we ask of you is that you show on time for our 3-4 day raid schedule a week and that you properly rune your gear and you prepare for the progression fights each an everytime in a proper way you do n't keep dying after 5 after 20 tries .
all we want to see in a player is the he/she has personal progression and we do n't just have to carry him/her around .
if these requirements are met you will find a very good home with us in platinum !
anyway if you feel up for it we are semihardcore and socials are welcome to join as well ofc but if you expect raids we expect something from you as well so visit our web and fill out our recruitment form http platinum-luminai.enjin.com .
from what i have seen you test that door glitch quite often to get on rooftops to gain an advantage .
i was an asshole and control freak and i hated being angry .
because idk how to say and even the thought of it makes me awkward .
god knows how sorry i am and how badly i want her to know .
i do not see the similarity at all ... .
i do not think todd begg is influenced directly by tony but tony 's been making knives for 20 years so many are inadvertently influenced by him .
i was wondering why the current patch feels so wierd and now i realise that the pathing is just beyond garbage .
he crosses his arms listening to what they have to say .
honestly none of those super bowls are unthinkable as being super bowls the browns could have won had they kept plugging along .
i 'm sure you know the story but the whole distraction of elaving cleveland tore that team apart .
an overall very good defense amd testeverde was playing his best ball a guy who we saw succeed after though not super bowl success .
one big missing factor was when baltimore signed old what 's his face brian billick .
guy was a mess for developing talent but great at maximizing talent quite like jon gruden .
no one will ever call him the quarterback whisperer but do belichek and his offensive coordinator do enough with testeverde and that offense which was n't exactly elite to counter the fact that they likely would n't have had the desire to invest so much defensively ?
it 's hard to say because i would n't put it past belichick to build a similar defense in cleveland just based on there being so many remaining guys from the browns personnel team going to baltimore but belichick also seems supremely confident he can develop guys who no one saw coming and he can get for cheap .
does he pour as many resources into that defense or does he focus on building their offense ?
it 's so impossible to say because he does this everywhere on his roster .
beside maybe gronkowski raw talent and established history seems to mean so little to him .
he sees a glimmer of what he wants out of a player and he mines it .
tldr while i have the upmost respect for belichick and feel he would be successful building anywhere ownership did n't hinder him i do think it is a legitimate question to wonder if cleveland 's offense would 've been good enough with what they or what they built shortly after because it 's doubtful in my estimation he would 've built baltimore 's historical defensive unit .
he had a solid defense in cleveland and he never had qualms with using established vets whereas ozzie completely overhauled most of that defense immediately with quite a few high picks .
great track i could def see myself vanquishing big eyed zombies to that ... sad that i am on a mac and ca n't play the game ' if i 've got my 'music critic ' hat on i 'd suggest some fills in the drum line for variety but it 's a great tune that hits the haunted house tone well
holms won with her brain and her corner as much as she did with her fists and i think a lot of weight from rousey 's loss should be put on her camp .
i feel your pain i missed the reaping because i was away for 2 weeks on a trip .
it highly depends on your playstyle your enemies and the map .
in highlander koth-maps or pl-defense i use the minigun most of the time .
my role there is to hold an area deal high damage when someone enters that area and pretty much just deny their movement .
when playing offense or cp-maps which can require you to move fast and react fast i often use the tomislav .
you can react faster push better and so on but you wo n't deal as much damage and heavy v heavy fights are not in your favor .
personally i feel that the tomislav is a lot more forgiving to play since you do n't have to predict as much you can just spin up whenever you need .
overall i just prefer the playstyle with the minigun more tho since ambushing and dealing loads of damage are more fun to me .
people that use acronyms deserve a special place in hell
eh it would n't be a good idea for bernie to start getting rough with hilary it would likely just cause the media to paint him as a vindictive old dick who hates women or something .
the news should be the ones calling hilary on her shit but the people who own the news also put money into hilary in one way or another .
note not sure how much of this i agree with d
step 1 stop being retarded in relation to immigration .
thanks to hippy twat cunt fuckers homeland security in the main continent is impossible .
round up all the people who did n't do the entire asylumn or immigration thing properly and send them back to the countries they came from .
if they do n't remember '' then obviously they came from the antarctic so drop them off there come back in a week to see if they remember where they are actually from. .
anyone complaining about racism is called a twat cunt bitch fucker and headbutted in the face for being retarded .
tell him that he has 24 hours to step down or you 'll murder him and everyone he loves .
that means you 'll probably be able to get the rebels and the new government to work together with western help .
if not then the next step depends on how dirty you wan na get your hands .
you can either assassinate assad and the royal family yourself or make a deal to get russia to do it in exchange for dropping the sanctions crippling their economy .
also you should phone up putin either way and tell russia to stay the fuck out of this because we have nukes you have nukes is syria the hill you want to die on you little bitch '' slam down the phone before you get an answer
because this is n't officially a war thanks outdated legal definitions !
show the world this is what happens when you fuck with europe .
now if the syrian government is still not on your side you will have to destroy them however with these people the geneva conventions still apply you kinda do n't want to piss off the people legitimately living there .
do n't fiddle do n't try and ensure democracy is enabled do n't try and make it europe v2 .
just let it happen the countries will be stronger in the long run rather than a false strength of 2-3 different cultures being held together with a dictator .
simply have europe sanction everyone who funds terrorism saudi arabia etc etc .
you 'd want america to do that as well which depending on how corrupt they are may be or may not be difficult .
if they are corrupt simply buy thousands of political ads through a super poc stating that x party loves terrorists and hates jesus '' until america does what we want .
they have had periods where there were some intellectuals but that did n't make them any less barbaric .
having smart people in your culture does n't gentle it .
true but he asked who gives a fuck '' and i answered .
let 's be honest children '' young enough to be that gullible probably do n't care for romance series .
... then again there 's not that much romance anyway .
smaller youtubers usually have to resort to clickbait if they want their video noticed .
or he 's just there for thirty seconds either moving up or moving down ...
dude lol someone needs to stop that kid right now !
it 's funny how the casual fans from around reddit who started watching mma because of ronda now hate her with a passion .
what proof is there available that shows the us ordered germany to do so ?
jesus your wallet would n't last a minute in the west .
fors 40pt i find them not worthy no good mg or primary gun bad at .
1 man u 2 aresnal 3 liverpool 4 chelsea 5 spuds or everton
that or i dropped out of the top 20 tiers before the cutoff .
certainly a nice deal be aware though that the physical disc only has a small portion of the game on it .
if downloading 25 gb is a no-go for you you still have to download like 20 gb of that even with the disc .
just good to keep in mind if it matters if not then that 's the way to go !
you list that combo and act like everyone playing riven can do that .
youre biased because all you remember is riven mains taking a dump on you but easily forget all the bad riven 's who cant cancel even one auto .
so tired of the salt towards riven on this sub .
they would n't dq the fight just cause she threw a punch after the bell the most they 'd do is take a point off but it 's not like it matters any way rhonda fight sloppy and confused
like hes injured and being carried away in a heli ?
thordan extreme is awesome fun and one of the best fights in the game in my opinion challenging but doable though better with a static of course .
the two new 5 mans seem fun and are very pretty i ca n't see myself getting bored of them as quickly as fractal/reap .
void ark is a very impressive 24 man but in most cases you 'll only be running it once a week depending on how desperate you want a particular i200 drop .
i ca n't speak on lords of verminion but a lot of people are very very impressed by how in-depth it is for an alleged side minigame if you like rts and collections it 'll be awesome .
the diadem is ... well i dont ' feel i 'm the best person to sell it to someone as in my view it 's the least fun content ffxiv has ever released and i include grinding atmas in that list .
if you want the fun '' of zerging hunts in a big mob enemies with huge amounts of hp and no interesting mechanics frustrating rng capacity for slackers and ninjas to ruin your experience if you df rather than pf a huge grind with minimal reward and the inconvenience of 90 minute instance timers and 8 man requirements you might enjoy it .
personally it feels like the diadem is this huge conglomeration of the worst aspects of every piece of ffxiv content and i 'm deeply salty about it as i was really looking forward to how they sold it as this fresh exciting new content where the emphasis was on relaxed exploration with friends .
lots of people are spending lots of time in the diadem but i really wonder how many are actually enjoying it .
personally i 'll remain content with gordian/eso 210 items and ignore it entirely .
kasing is the only one who is trying out but it looks like it depends on if he wants to be on tsm not if tsm wants him .
reginald made a statement on both hauntzer and sven so i think they are both confirmed as starters .
if he likes playing in na team environment etc .
i had the same mapex pedal a few years back and the same thing happened
the shoulder of the skillcape shows thru the infinity hat when the camera angle is above your character but when you are looking at your character from a lower angle it fixes itself .
does it to both sides of the cape all colors of infinity .
i 've mentioned it to mod alfred on the release of the total level worlds but sadly nothing has been done since
worst thing is that 's what feeds the real terrorists that hatred because when we generalize muslims or in this case refugees as a whole it 's easy for isis to recruit new people quid pro quo .
and closing gates for the people fleeing terror saying they themselves are terrorists that 's dumb .
i was hoping that some other cultures coming to poland would open some minds of my fellow countrymen .
i 'm still trying to persuade my parents that there 's not much difference between us and them .
given that cpu progress is slowing that is likely a good thing .
in the us you ca n't build that community like you can in europe .
that 's why on us tv when they show clips of european muslim communities it sometimes does n't look like you 're looking at an area that is in europe .
the british french dutch and belgian governments just created these communities where muslims can just have their own isolated community .
islam has more roots in europe than in america too .
on my visit 's to the us i 've also found that us muslims tend to be more moderate and easy going about things related with deen .
like i 've seen people eat non-halal food and they just say bismillah and justify that they have to do it because halal is hard to find .
you 're a white cis gay male are n't you ?
lol how does that make any sense at all haha
the addition of the ban/protect system is a welcome addition to competitive cod and this weekend really emphasised the impact its had over the competitive nature of the game for example rise cutting out crimsix by banning all the smgs etc .
however in order to add to the fairness of the game the racing '' aspect of the ban/protect system needs to go .
at the moment we 're seeing that both teams are having to race each other to protect or ban a weapon/perk of their choice .
it is also to be noted that the race definitely favours the side of the banner over the protector .
this race '' will also undoubtedly lead to misclicks and accidental bans .
however i thought of a system that could maybe balance the system a little better .
in this scenario we 'll call the teams team a '' and team b ''
the winner of the coin toss will have the choice between picking the side of the map they want to spawn on or whether they want the first protect/ban .
in this scenario team a wins the toss and chooses to pick the first protect/ban
as team a won the toss their first players protects/bans the weapon of their choice without having to worry about misclicks or being beaten to a weapon they want to protect .
after they have made their pick the first player of team b gets to make their ban protect under the same circumstances .
this would then alternate between teams until the last player has made the protect or ban .
i believe that this system would eliminate the randomness of the ban protect system and further add to the competitiveness of the game .
motherfuckers i have been getting more and more anxious as the semester rolls along simply because i take on every request that is asked of me .
i literally have so little time to myself that i ca n't relax .
i need to unwind and relax but i need someone to help me get started in telling people no '' !
if you got a higher salary better benefits let 's hear some numbers and what tactics you used to achieve this .
i use the scroll wheel to select items and accidentally destroyed one while trying to throw a bomb .
there should be a channel time to discard grimoires .
the lenapehoking chief was able to add the erie the seneca onondaga mahican munsee quiripi mohegan nipmuc and pequot tribes .
now the lenapehoking were starting to be a major power in the area and tribes from further away started to bring gifts to the chief in mana-hatta .
i 'm new here and after finally getting a pc capable of running skyrim and due to my love towards oblivion i started playing it but this time paying attention to its lore and books .
one way or the other i managed to have 20 tabs open on my browser mainly about the dawn era .
there was one thing that confused me though and it was the relation between the origins of nirn and mundus i hope you guys can help me out .
... he cast aside the body of his brother who he believed was dead and attempted to save creation by forming the remnants of the 12 worlds into one nirn the world of tamriel .
as he was doing so padomay struck him through the chest with one last blow .
anu grappled with his brother and pulled them both outside of time forever .
from what i gathered the blood spilled in that battle created the daedra and the aedra .
but from varieties of faith in the empire before the ages of man and the monomyth not saying these are the only sources but the ones that i read lorkahn convinced the aedra to create mundus the plane on which nirn currently resides .
my questions is if the aedra created mundus and they did n't exist before anu 's final conflict against padomay then where was nirn located at its creation ?
was nirn in the void and later moved to mundus ?
again i 'm new to the lore so i may have understood things wrong but please help me put the pieces together .
i 'm sorry if this have been answered before i 'm almost losing my mind with all this information influx so i stopped searching for anything else and came to you directly
i know the game sucked and all and the den rb conversation has beaten into the ground but i 'm hoping for someone who watched the game to give me some answers .
i usually see what happens but i was watching the pats .
cja looked much better than hollman last week so why so few touches for him this week ?
i did a google search and the one place i found said it had a 5 to 7 week turn around time
i 'm 29 with a background in a different field of engineering .
i find cs very interesting so i decided to make a career change and go back to school for cs at a large state school in the midwest .
so far i 'm doing well by the standards of this subreddit i guess projects/internships/gpa/interviews/gold star stickers/etc .
honestly i 'm just happy to be able to devote a full time effort to learning something new !
i was originally excited to get involved in cs related extracurricular organizations this is something i missed out on my first time around at school .
i knew there must be people in these groups who landed internships and job offers from the good companies '' so i thought it would be a good experience to ask questions and get some valuable tips on how to get the most out of school .
because of course just like everyone else it seems i want to work at the cool companies '' too !
and above all else it 's always good to make new friends and meet new people .
so many of these guys with internships and offers from these big4 companies have such huge egos/arrogant attitudes .
people i see and work with all the time grumble or look the other way when you say hi '' to them in the hall only are interested when they 're talking about themselves etc .
i consider myself a sociable guy and i 've never had trouble making friends in the past both in school and at work .
it 's not the minority that are like this either .
the majority i 've come across in the past 1.5 years since i went back to school are very unfriendly arrogant and egotistical .
i understand being young and having a bit of an ego especially when you 're doing so well !
these types of people at least where i go to school are the ones that are moving on to work at companies like google microsoft facebook etc .
i know a lot of the people in our cs department and i honestly do n't know any except for 1 person upcoming grad that 's moving on to work at one of these big4 companies that 's a friendly genuine semi-humble person .
so this has me thinking what does this say about the a chunk of the people who work at these companies the younger employees ?
i know i ca n't generalize such large organizations with such a small sample set but is this the average type of younger person working at one of these big4 companies ?
if so are those the kind of people i really want to be surrounding myself with 40-50 hours per week ?
for those of you who do work at these companies am i off base in coming to this conclusion ?
just curious to hear other people 's opinion on this especially those out of school working at these prestigious companies .
at the very least this whole experience has taught me to value the genuine friendly people you come across even more .
my gut is telling me that the update is coming up on tuesday 11/17 .
i live in a state where you 're not allowed to pump your own gas .
there 's a gas station around the corner from my home that i often frequent mainly because it 's convenient but also it has some of the lowest prices in the area even if by only a cent or two .
problem is the one guy they have pumping gas is a total ass hat .
he 's slow he 's rude and he does n't care about his job .
one time the price on the sign was n't the price that was on my receipt and when i pointed it out he argued with me for a few minutes and then told me to go talk to the manager inside if i wanted my .60 .
so i pulled out my infant and toddler and trekked into the store in forty degrees .
i could have dropped it but i wanted to make a point and tell the boss what a dick his employee was being .
this guy will wait in his little booth for at least a minute before coming out and acknowledging me and he has refused me service in the past my husbands car has some issues with filling the tank and he would have to actually hold the nozzle instead of leaving it in or it stops .
he was feeling particularly lazy that day i suppose .
the other day i was running low on gas and was on my way home from running errands with the kids .
it was the last time i planned on going out in the car and figured i would fill up so i had a fresh tank for the morning .
so i begrudgingly slid into the empty gas station and parked .
i saw him in his booth when i pulled up to the pump .
i did n't turn my car off i sat there and waited .
at least two minutes have gone by when he finally decided to actually do his job and get up .
i apologize if this has already been asked but i did a quick search and was n't finding what i was looking for .
so is there anywhere we can see the standings of the xbox spl ?
the season ticket does n't have proper records of the teams ' win/loss records .
i just bought an unlocked nexus 5 to use on t-mobile .
i am wondering if i should stick with the version of android that comes with the device or install android 6.0 from the google developers portal .
will there be a way for me to upgrade to 6.0 ota in the future ?
or is flashing the device going to be my only option ?
volume 5 chapter 6 the death of brothers https darktranslations.wordpress.com/mad-god-en/volume-5/chapter-6
in a world in which humans beasts demons gods dragons and pixies fight for supremacy a series of wars started between the great beast warriors of the baemon troop the dragon knights of the human empire and the fallen angels of the demon clan .
a mixed blood child is born bearing the blood of humans demons and beasts who is destined to restructure the chess pieces of the world .
follow layson through his many trials and tribulations as he develops into the greatest warrior the world has ever seen .
hello i moved into a building downtown and i 've noticed that we have a roach problem .
the landlord has had the buildings hallways and basement fumigated twice now and the roaches still persist .
i 'm curious if there is a way to have my rent reduced because of these roaches ?
also any tips on controlling the little bastards would be welcome .
i have a limited number of r d catalysts .
i 'm trying to make superior experimental upgrades and i 'm out of materials .
should i use my catalysts while making things like power surge regulator and firing sequencer to get more of them or save them for making the actual superior upgrade ?
tonight i 'm in the mood for someone soft ... .
an eager sissy boy who wants to please daddies bigger more superior cock .
you love the way it feels as it slips past your lips ... as it enters that tight bubble butt..
my only hard no 's are rape toilet stuff pain blood and heavy bondage .
i 'm a fan of feminization you of course feet cum play light bondage cumplay ageplay and cross dressing again you
finally i 'm also a fan of sci-fi and fantasy scenes .
one of my favorite casting you as a cute little elf and me as a big human warrior .
hey guys xmas is around the corner and i 'm looking to build a chest as a gift .
it 's not like high school where you have the equipment available to help 5 days a week but is there a shop someone can pay to use in vancouver or the tri cities ?
the wizard of ossington is a show that 's been running weekly for over a year and if you 've never seen it before you should totally come out .
we have people on the show from all different backgrounds including a few people who opened for big name jfl42 stars and you can see their sets here for free !
there 's also an open mic that runs after the show ends for you to test your own material or keep watching comedy !
and who can resist 4 pints of local canadian brewers like side launch and duggan 's ?
for those of you who have seen past posts for this show shirley whalen is changing the show 's dynamic .
we now have 3 more hosts jeremy francis jhanelle dennis and james island !
they will each run the show one night a month .
you may also have noticed i 'm not shirley .
i 'm the social media co-ordinator for the show and will be making these posts every week from now on here on sundays and in r/toronto on mondays like the original host used to do .
please do n't hesitate to come out if you 're bored and love comedy .
the wizard of ossington is a fantastic show with a loyal following .
the people i 've met are amazing and some of them including myself have had their lives forever changed positively as a result of coming out .
also the comedians are fucking hilarious and do a fantastic job of making me laugh each and every week .
if you 're nervous about coming out feel free to pm me .
i get to the bar at around 6:30-7pm for the shows and will be on the lookout for new faces to chat with pre-show .
as well a bunch of the audience stick around after the show though there 's no obligation !
and chat if we 're not watching the open mic .
if you love comedy and socializing seriously come out .
i was once sitting here reading a post like this just like you are now and i was nervous to come .
i 'm 309-310 depending on what gear i put on i 've beaten hard mode several times before using the no knights strategy but know the normal method as well .
my psn is the same as username on here so send me an invite or message of your looking to raid !
i was trying to remember the name of a song and is killing me i tried to google it and nothing .
i heard the song a couple of years ago the singer was a blonde girl and the music video had like a 40 kinda vibe with the old school microphone .
i ca n't remember anything of the song because i do n't speak german yet just that it had a very elegant vibe or something .
sorry for my english and if the question is kinda ridiculous .
the singer is annett louisan the song das grosse erwachen.thanks everybody !
i 'm interested in making my own mods editing the ones i have specifically the .esp plugins .
when i open those files in notepad it does n't seem to show any intelligible code .
i understand that esp files in other bethesda games are opened in their creation kits but there is n't a creation kit for fallout 4 yet .
i 'm having a hard time finding sources about how people have been making these plugins so far .
hello i 'm currently reading how to do a aquascaping but i did n't see a lot of example of aquarium with 360 view of 3 side view .
my future aquarium have high chance to be seen by the 2 biggest side of the tank 48x24x24 probably .
ive seen couple of them with all the stuff in center but i 'm trying to find other creative idea can anyone share some great aquarium that are a bit original ?
while imo barnham is the best prosecutor in the series i prefer darklaw x espella .
so after i did the quest where you have to find a missing person forgot the name in diamond city doctor sun seems to have disappeared .
he 's no longer in the clinic during daytime and i ca n't find him around town .
or is he just somewhere that i have n't looked ?
i have a asa 5505 that i do n't plan on using .
i will trade it for a l3 switch or ill sell it for cheap !
lol sorry for noob question.. never played any of the fo games
may be because the game is not fully optimized but i seem to get drops to 40fps in some places while playing insurgency it 's a pretty wicked game and i 've been playing it a lot but have no idea why these spikes are happening .
my build is intel r core tm i5-3470 cpu 3.6ghz 8gb ram gtx 770
i have a friend who wants to play lacrosse .
he 's a solid soccer striker 20 some goals in high school season and would have played middle linebacker in football if it were n't for soccer commitments .
he 's 6'2 '' and 180 lbs as a high school sophomore so he 's definitely physical enough to play d at lower levels jv c team freshman team while he develops his skills so maybe as an upperclassman he could be a varsity player .
he wants to play lacrosse as a d-pole probably close d but is hesitant because of the price .
does anyone know a way to get a cheap d-pole that is n't completely terrible for a reasonable price ?
finally what tips should i give him as he starts to play ?
a lot of films tend to be very bland and unspecial and although they are not bad they are quickly forgotten for example the princess and the frog or world war z .
but the atrocious ones are more memorable say what you want but movies like the last airbender batman and robin battlefield earth etc are still remembered because of how shitty they were .
and i still remember pretty well the worst movie that i 've seen .
i subscribed to r/learnprogramming a few months ago but i have n't really looked around since .
i was wondering if there was an online 1 month programming primer '' i 'm fine with learning basic java ruby on rails .net or an onsite front end development course in dc that i could take no preference for either .
i 'm relatively new to programming and have little to non programming experience i 've done arduino c but i do n't think that really counts .
i 'll be going back to college in mid-january to take a programming class amongst others so any refresher or basic tutorials would be good .
tl dr need to find a 1 month primer course in programming online/onsite and need recommendations .
my ex-ap and i just came the closest we 've come to meeting again in a year .
we had been talking again for a few months i finally asked her if she wants to start things up with me again and she said yes absolutely . ''
so over a month i tried to see her 4 times .
every time she had an excuse or just blatantly ignored me ... we have a long history like this and i quickly became annoyed that she did n't just simply tell me a date and time .
the 4th time she chose to go to dinner with a mutual friend who i know she has no interest in rather than see me .
id made it clear several weeks in advance i wanted to see her that night i had a hotel reserved .
she said she 'd go to dinner with her friend but might '' be able to see me after .
i tried to confirm a time so i could get my story straight with my wife and she ignored me .
so i told her i 'm staying home and until she commits to a time i 'm through trying .
we both got mad things spiraled out of control and eventually she blocked me from talking to her .
i feel that just because i 'm married gives her no right to string me along like this .
i made that clear to her and of course she did n't like it .
an affair should be pick a time meet fuck and go on about your life .
we both have feelings for each other and that complicates things .
i think she 's gone for good this time and it really saddens me .
i really do love this girl not that theres a thing i can do about it .
i guess the next time around i should be more careful who i choose to do this with .
gordon ramsay heston blumenthal and marco pierre white all become teenagers and are dropped into tōtsuki culinary academy shokugeki no soma .
situation 1 they all have their current skills and business knowledge who goes up the furthest in the hierarchy ?
situation 2 each of them have to face akira hayama in a shokugeki which of them win and which of them loses ?
the choice for what they must cook is up to them .
situation 3 each of them have to face akira hayama in a shokugeki which of them win and which of them loses ?
the choice for what they must cook is a meal based around spice .
anyone out there who already tried to bind the new ilvl185 in diadem ?
i recently got my blackberry classic but the sim cart from my provider wo n't be activated for another month i switched providers and there is a waiting period so in the mean time i thought i would connect my bbc to the internet through my laptop .
i turned my wifi on and since i did n't wanted to use third parties software i used cli to establish a network with
after that i checked that the box at allow other network users to connect through this computer 's internet connection ''
after that i switched on the wifi on my bbc and connected for a minute or so everything works but after that i get a message that this connection has limited aces and some resources may not work '' after which the phone behaves as if it did n't have any network connection at all .
it 's just random fps drops down to 30 odd for no good reason .
anyone point me in the right direction to fix this ?
looking to chat and snap with str8 and bi curious guys .
girl came over pretty sure i would get laid so i fapped the day before effectively got laid so yay !
sucks losing 34 days but progress is merely slowed down not reset .
if you 're on a flight what law holds in the aircraft ?
the law of the country you left/the airspace you 're in/where you 're going ?
i am planning on getting a 380 i5 devils cannon qnix 24 '' 144hz .
i now need an ssd for 40-50 bucks 40 power supply 50 60 atx motherboard and a 30 40 case .
i got bo3 after a hiatus from call of duty the last game in the series i played was bo2 which to me felt entirely different .
as the title suggests can you guys throw me some advice on how to play better ?
the familys cat has been missing for about a week now
was last seen in the gordon area next to bonython
she is a tortoiseshell named epponnee with a small brown patch on the left side of her nose around 12 years in age
she should be microchiped but unfortunately she does not have a coller as she keeps removing them
those are all that i have of her but there should be more somewhere if i find them ill upload them
sorry for wall of text if anyone has seen her please let me know
some of my favorite things that made me pop '' at the show
everyone clapping to the classic ajpw theme that was playing pre-show .
he 's used it in every match for over 10 years and this is one of the few times and the only time that is coming to my fried mind where he actually pulled it off .
kitahara 's precision kicks those spinning kicks landing dead-on where amazing .
arashi 's forearm strikes still throws meaning looking strikes than most of the undercard .
kuniyoshi wada was ringside for the whole show adjusting pads tightening the turnbuckles and what have you he was a riki choshu trainee in 2003 retiring in 2010 .
during choshu 's match he put on his old rikipro k. wada '' jersey just a cool little moment for him .
murakami i love him not the greatest wrestler by any means but an amazing presence seeing him howling at fujiwara 's slaps and battering him with punches was great just great to see him back in the spotlight after so many years .
dai nippon '' chants from the crowd what a heartwarming moment to see everyone reject the use of sekimoto okabayshi as fodder in the suwama/fujita story and champion them as pro wrestling heroes was a great moment for sure and considering bjw is looking to push into the next teir it 's great to see such support .
it was sloppy ugly awkward and most importantly it was perfect .
the teetering stance while delivering chops and punches the knees giving out on suplexes the head-drop powerbomb .
countering that a man in his prime ricocheting off the ropes delivering death-by-dropkick with shotgun-like impact .
tenryu unable to even get to his feet at points while okada springs to his .
tenryu has nothing left to give okada nothing besides what brought him here in the first place ... . fighting spirit .
desperately avoiding the inevitable rain maker swinging for the fences literally leaving his mark on the future of puroresu .
but the rains always comes eventually and the rain maker extinguished flame the fire that lied within and broke everyone 's heart in sumo hall who were on the edge of their seat ready to start cheering for the kickout our disbelief suspended up in the stars over the arena .
but it never happened and it never would again mr. puroresu 's career had come to an end but in that magical moment even after the shambles i had witnessed it still felt too soon .
the most emotional moment of the show for me actually came after tenryu and everyone else had left i was sitting 5 seats from where tenryu entered and as his dying theme played slow and sombre everyone was filing out one thing remained tenryu 's iconic banner-man flying his flag high and proud with all the tenryu logos and calligraphy swaying slowly to the theme .
i must of stood there for like 10 minutes watching the banners thinking about tenryu 's career and what i had seen as the banner-men gave their final chant together and lowered the banners .
it was a really great moment that i was totally absorbed in .
i realized during the joshi match that i was standing next to cassandra miyagi at the sumo hall gate while i was taking photos and stuff hours before the show .
not the first time my lack of joshi knowledge has left me oblivious to things like this .
when i finally snapped out of staring at the banners i turned around to leave and bam !
there was jushin liger standing a few rows back looking at me .
i met up with brent davis before the show and we hung out a bit as well as chatting away in the 2 hours we spent in lines to get into the building and then to get merch .
i also met masa horie and haru who designs all the funk/hansen/jumbo/tenryu t-shirts .
pre-show while waiting for brent to stop being 30 minutes late due to loitering around mcdonalds typical american .
this was the only show i 've ever been too that supplied a streamer on your seat for you to throw .
why more companies do n't make a killing selling pre-made tape colour packs for certain wrestlers at shows is beyond me .
the fact they were still trying to sell merch in the main lobby as 13,000 people nudged their way through was madness .
there was plenty of me cussing people out in that mess .
am told rumours of an injury setback are nonsense .
arsenal 's jack wilshere targets christmas comeback as recovery from latest injury setback remains on track against southampton
but he also said he is 'feeling good ' though he wo n't rush back
ive bought 2 frames and i cant seem to find them anywhere .
only have about 10 hours of gameplay using stolen power armor please help .
so let 's say for a story reason all specialists can equip both their weapons and abilities in battle .
if we put them in a ffa match who do you think is going to come out on top ?
let 's have some fun hypothetical discussion going peeps !
i do n't have the specifics but every once in a while the rocket launcher will stop spawning in combat immersion .
restarting the game and/or leaving the chair wo n't reset it .
i 'm european had a discussion with someone born in europe nice guy etc and we had a crash on drawing mohammed .
i said that its freedom of expression that its satire that 's criticizing some of the more irrational parts of islam and that it 's not different than drawings of other religious/social satires .
that it was n't targeting him as a believer but rather the ideology .
he claimed it was hate-speech and when he could n't say why so he ended up with if millions of people say its offensive then its hate speech .
i tried to explain to him that the same right that allows him his public expression of religion and such and such allows people to draw mohammed .
i wish there were more muslim protests voicing against terrorism and less about mohammed .
are you able to just say meh stupid people '' and move on or are you deeply offended by it ?
sprint does n't have volte yet and i was wondering if there would be anyway to enable wifi calling over lte .
i 've been asked to upgrade a pc without spending too much money so in order to save i am going to attempt to use the current 4x ram http www.corsair.com/en/corsair-memory-8gb-ddr3-memory-cmv8gx3m1a1600c11 in the new pc .
i 've picked out a motherboard which supports ddr3 https www.asus.com/au/motherboards/b150-pro-gaming-d3/specifications but it has this note
to prevent system instability either install ddr3l dimms or ddr3 dimms with voltage lower than 1.5v .
as far as i am aware the ram operates at that voltage.. can someone please explain what is meant by the above note ?
is it just scaremongering or should i attempt to find another motherboard ?
nicaragua was not a very good season and the gimmick of having the starting tribes be set up by age was one of the reasons for that but i was just thinking about it and started wondering if the concept was applied to an all stars seasons who would be a part of it ?
i 'm going based off of how old a player was when they first played just to make things easier
no players from nicaragua will be considered i probably would n't consider any of them anyway but still worth pointing out
i 'm sure that i could probably come up with a better roster in terms of people that would prove for good strategic gameplay but look at these people and tell me that this would n't make a very entertaining if not gabon levels of ridiculous viewing experience .
regardless i 'd love to hear what people have to say on this idea or even other people that should be included .
voat is pretty much identical to reddit in terms of functionality except there are a few different terms e.g .
subreddits are subverses r becomes v and there is no lost/reset password link option .
in terms of community voat is also a lot smaller and more libertarian/conservative than reddit is .
i have n't spent a lot of time there except that i know the science fiction subverse https voat.co/v/scifibooks is fairly active .
i 've posted a few zine-related articles on this subverse already but feel free to add anything you like .
if you want to be a moderator dm me on either voat or reddit .
try to use the same screen name on both if you can to avoid confusion .
i managed to take her down once w tsubaki but had to stone once due to orb trolling myself
any ideas on safer teams for taking her down ?
here are some i commonly use these are probably not ideal distributions .
i 'm looking for a few guys to help me out with the online achievements for wwe 2k16 .
i 'm pretty sure it 's from a song anyway that a school made ?
the point of the video is it records people walking backwards through a school singing about bullying and it switches what person is singing every 20 or so seconds
first person animations why does a game that i play exclusively in first person force me into third person for animations
if i want to leave that item at home until i want to do the quest let me !
if i mess up and sell it or drop it and cant complete the quest let me !
how does a game that is 50 looting not have a backpack !
its been in every bethesda game and there is no reason for it to be gone .
the argument is that the models might clip with armor but i have seen main characters in the game clip their arms though their clothing a little gun clipping is not going to matter .
the rest of these are just little gripes of mine .
option to leave power armor open when out of it
layered armor for all armor this one actually already has a mod horah !
hd textures ... . really bethesda it 's nearly 2016 why do you have low rez textures ... ..
a not completely unusable pc port of a horrible console interface that not only does not make sense but flat out does not work sometimes .
i could go on ... . but i wont .
in an upcoming game i 'm playing a half-elf warlock great old one who has struck a pact with the crawling chaos nyarlathotep .
i know that all pacts with great old ones end in madness but i was curious as to what form it would take .
my idea is that it would be a creeping apathy a sense of dooming fatalism .
or perhaps it 's psychopathy or delusions of grandeur .
my character is a former slave from the elven city of imystrahl where it 's wizard-lords possess a decadent libertine philosophy indulging in the darkest forms of hedonistic excess to give their lives meaning .
the cult of nyarlathotep is gaining a foothold by means of a drug known as black milk which is an opiate that causes fantastic dreams and it only works for elves .
my character joined the cult to escape his status as a slave .
we are in season 2/week 4 going to week 5 on mon 11/16 at 11pm et .
we advance mon wed fri on weeks 1 to 17 .
32 teams 7 min qtr w acc clock off inj-on all madden difficulty w custom sliders kick arc off previous play off
this will be our second year of running our league on ps4 but we have been running xbox 360 leagues since 2008 .
we are currently looking for busy adult gamers that are in similar situations wife kids work..etc therefore have very limited free time but still need to get their competitive fix in .
ts4l has completed 30 successful seasons madden 11 12 13 25 15 16
we hope to see you out there on the ts4l gridiron !
groupme pm me at daruff79 or pm me here if interested .
i am in my 10th ascend i have 3 last masked achievements and waiting for ascend 20 times '' .
i can build ov vi every ascend i get so much mutagen that my organic larva income never exceeds mutagen larva income .
so now my game is kind of repetitive just ascend every four days and it is jump so big that nothing else what i do really matters .
i really liked this game in the beginning but i want some more goals to achieve .
hey guys do any of you know of any makeup products that have a hidden compartment in them ?
it does n't have to be big just something i can use to store small jewellery valuables maybe some money ?
preferably something that is cheap one example i have is the nyx dreamcatcher palette which has a sort of secret mirror you can access if you slide it open .
sure glad the mods here are fair and just .
my favorite was mxe r.i.p you beautiful chem because it would take me away from reality and i could just lay on my couch floating through nothingness not even noticing the sickness .
feel feel to provide chemicals that make you feel better when you 're sick and can actually function on as well .
i ca n't exactly function on mxe when i 'm floating through a mindfuck of twisted reality .
edit feel free to add rc chemical as well .
seriously one of the most stunning moments of immersion i 've ever had in a game .
so i have been searching for cricket for a very long time i have waited outside vault 81 numerous times .
i keep finding a lone caravan gaurd on its own does this mean that cricket has some how died ?
i 'm using that as the starting point because that is where he said that he felt fully healthy anyways his stats are
so he is scoring the ball great and being efficient with his shots and having really bad non-scoring stats .
on the season his per is 14.75 which is nice since he is average on the season even including his very slow start .
if we want to look at his shot chart here http nbasavant.com/player.php ? ddlyear=2015 ddlshotmade ddlteamdefense player_id=203952 is his season shot chart he is shooting at 56.4 at the rim which is not the best however since the chicago game he has improved his finishing at the rim to 63 on 6.4 attempts per game .
his mid-range game is still quite bad though most of the shots he takes in the midrange are of the very high difficulty type so it should n't be too shocking to see his inefficiency in this area .
so looking at wiggins numbers it does seem that he turned a corner during the chicago game finishing at a much higher rate around the basket and getting out of his shooting slump that he had at the start of the year .
his non-scoring stats are still bad and i 'm not sure how well those progress with time though he has flashed some playmaking ability with the games against golden state and atlanta recording 5 and 4 assists in those games respectively .
hopefully he can become a league average rebounder at some point though if he is a full time sg this does n't matter as much .
so basically wiggins has seemed to pick up right where he left off last year with the high volume average efficiency scoring if we ignore the games where he seemed to be hampered by his back injury .
his ability to get buckets is especially helpful in the starting line-up since kg and tayshaun are almost non-factors on the offensive end .
just wondering if any of you guys met mac that went to the show in pontiac .
i left after it was over it was way too cold outside and my feet were killing
hi there i 'm a fairly new player to the game approximately 1 month in .
i 've spent a lot of time reading up on how to improve my league game and such but champion-specific guides are more tailored to builds masteries and rune pages .
furthermore they 're incredibly outdated sometimes 1-2 years ago !
i was told to come here by one of my friends who plays so i 'm hoping that you guys can help me !
so as the title says how do i get better at playing nasus ?
he was the first champion i purchased and i 've been having a blast with him .
i achieved mastery about a week ago but i feel like that 's not indicative of my skill with him .
i 'm aware of the benchmarks for q and general farming strategies but it always seems like i 'm never able to come close to those without a free lane .
i find that in almost constantly being bullied by my opponent and that anytime i try to get stacks they 're able to poke me so much i 'm forced to back or go under turret and lose farm .
i feel like i ca n't sustain in lane and that i 'm losing a ton of cs by being forced under turret .
because of this i spend mid game and sometimes even early late game trying to farm q to a reasonable level .
i feel as though my bad decisions and poor sustain in lane early on make me useless later .
i was wondering if i could get some tips on how to ensure i 'm a threatening presence late game because i have a delete button .
for reference i tend to build items in this order
if anyone can help me improve my game with nasus it would be much appreciated !
does anyone have any experiences and advice with remarks that they 'd like to share ?
i am looking for some people that are good at both zombies and multiplayer that gets to high rounds/plays the objective .
i have spent the last 3 hours with the d20 trying to get glowing hour glass for my greed run .
i decided to have a break and play something else .
i save and go back to the main menu only to find out the the continue button is greyed out and not selectable .
any tips for finding glowing hour glass and d20 ?
it is really annoying when you buy lots of items from ah in stacks of 1 .
since byron stopped playing the kelly/bass abysmal front court as the pf/c combo off the bench after the fourth game the insertion of metta world peace larry nance into the rotation has been a great boost for the lakers defense .
many assumed metta was washed up but he has really been a great help for the youngsters and has played much more in control than he probably ever did in his previous four seasons with the lakers .
larry nance has just been everywhere on defense has really helped on the rotations on defense and has shown his versatility in defending the pick n roll and defending the perimeter .
and are we seeing this correctly nick young playing arguably the best defense in his whole career as well ?
it could very well just be that the lakers have n't faced a really good to an elite team but the effort on defense has been much improved compared to the first four games as long as the effort is there that 's all you can ask for .
this was all fair everyone was entered and i left the wheel to spin
enter now and you can win a free fanart of your chosen witch doing what you decide !
comment with your idea that includes and is limited to
1 single character can only be one character in the picture
a simple background very simple like a beach or a simple room with some stuff in it
write your idea and i 'll give you a number which i 'll randomly generate at the end of the raffle time.
march 10th was the last raffle i set up https www.reddit.com/r/strikewitches/comments/2y3bzn/raffle_time_commission_by_stormcowekalos .
12am 22nd of november utc+10 the winner will be called.
edit any deleted comments are purely to tidy up the comments section no worries about what they are.
some of my favorites opening and endings there are ones sang by the vas in the show like the girls from working ! !
or megumi hayashibara in any seasons of slayers my favorite !
here 's a link http tappedout.net/mtg-decks/simic-shorecrasher-pauper-1 to what i 've thrown together as of current .
it kinda has a ton of stuff sitting at the three cmc mark so i 'm super open to any and all suggestions and feedback !
i hear a lot of support for him all over the smash fansphere .
really the only character who is more universally praised than isaac is king k rool so i 'm hoping that isaac will be confirmed .
song from battletoads sounds like a a rock or metal band ripoff .
i do n't remember if the song is from the snes game there are 2 snes games one with double dragon and one called battlemaniacs i remember the song that its like guitar and drums tara tatan tarantantan tara tatan tarantantan i found on reddit that they ripoff a duran duran song too .
i was told by my cousin who is currently in the navy that if you have n't had wisdom teeth removed they will be surgically removed during basic training .
i found this information to be quite useful for those of us in dep .
if you have insurance or the money for it it would be wise to have them removed while still at home .
i doubt that anyone wants to deal with an extra hardship during boot camp so i plan on getting these babies out of my mouth before then so i can recover in comfort .
have you read the sidebar and rules http www.reddit.com/r/buildapc/wiki/rules ?
if gaming what kind of performance are you looking for ?
post a draft of your potential build here specific parts please .
http www.reddit.com/r/buildapc/wiki/pcpp do n't ask to be spoonfed a build read the rules !
pcpartpicker part list http pcpartpicker.com/p/bkbxwp price breakdown by merchant http pcpartpicker.com/p/bkbxwp/by_merchant
cpu intel core i5-6600k 3.5ghz quad-core processor http pcpartpicker.com/part/intel-cpu-bx80662i56600k purchased for 219.99
cpu cooler cooler master hyper 212 evo 82.9 cfm sleeve bearing cpu cooler http pcpartpicker.com/part/cooler-master-cpu-cooler-rr212e20pkr2 purchased for 24.99
storage samsung 850 pro series 128gb 2.5 '' solid state drive http pcpartpicker.com/part/samsung-internal-hard-drive-mz7ke128bw purchased for 62.99
storage samsung 850 evo-series 500gb 2.5 '' solid state drive http pcpartpicker.com/part/samsung-internal-hard-drive-mz75e500bam purchased for 0.00
storage western digital caviar blue 1tb 3.5 '' 7200rpm internal hard drive http pcpartpicker.com/part/western-digital-internal-hard-drive-wd10ezex purchased for 38.00
video card msi radeon r9 390 8gb video card http pcpartpicker.com/part/msi-video-card-r9390gaming8g purchased for 279.99
case corsair 450d atx mid tower case http pcpartpicker.com/part/corsair-case-cc9011049ww purchased for 0.00
power supply seasonic 660w 80 platinum certified fully-modular atx power supply http pcpartpicker.com/part/seasonic-power-supply-ss660xp2 purchased for 79.99
optical drive lg wh14ns40 blu-ray/dvd/cd writer http pcpartpicker.com/part/lg-optical-drive-wh14ns40 purchased for 34.99
operating system microsoft windows 7 professional sp1 oem 64-bit http pcpartpicker.com/part/microsoft-os-fqc04649 purchased for 0.00
ok well i started my build yesterday with the parts listed above .
had an asus z170 pro gaming mobo with 16 gigs corsair 2666 ddr4 .
its taken me 2 days and i 've had it .
i started doing some research and alot of people are complaining about this on the newegg reviews and others sites so i am going to be returning the mobo and just be done with it .
sadly my ram was in a newegg bundle with the board so i have to return it as well .
would prefer to spend 150-200 on the mobo not really set but i do plan on expanding my build in the future so m.2 sata sata express ports all that 's important and the more the better .
stuff like strobing led lights or those shields they are putting on em now are cool but hardly important to me .
as for the ram i 'll pick some up after i find a mobo i like .
note you do not have to follow this format but please be sure to answer these questions .
please do not ask to simply be given a build .
so my boyfriend and i have been on keto for a full 5 weeks now and it 's been going pretty well for me for the most part .
i 've lost 16-17 lbs and i 'm loving not feeling hungry all the time anymore .
things are n't going as well for my boyfriend though and it kills me to see how sad and frustrated he is about his lack of progress .
he 's only lost about 8 lbs and almost all of that was in the first 10 days of starting keto .
i did n't really go through keto flu but did feel more tired at the very beginning .
however for the last 3 weeks or so my energy level has been better .
but he 's still feeling tired all the time .
does anybody have any ideas on what 's going wrong for him ?
having him on this journey with me has made such a difference i do n't feel alone .
i am worried he 's getting ready to give up on keto and i am hoping to figure out what 's going wrong so we can get him on track and he can see how good it can be .
it was on the character creation menu but i could n't find it in the store .
my character has the ponytail hairstyle if that 's relevant .
with 95 of npcs i try to interact with the first part of their dialog will play but the player dialog options will not .
for example if i try to talk with ellie perkins to start the valentine mission she will say something like oh great another drifter in the office '' but the interaction will end there and i can not progress through the story missions .
example 2 besides the doctor any merchants in diamond city will not trade with me but say their opening dialog .
why do n't i get any exp at all for fighting rioters or street thugs ?
i feel like i definetly did get some exp off them at some point ...
but normally when i beat them i get nothing even if i get a big 100x combo or something .
i understand that not every catholic priest is a child rapist but there 's more than enough for it to be an issue and we 're going to complain about it .
i understand there are 6 million muslims living in france .
this year about twelve of them so far turned out to be terrorists .
but the number of islamic extremists in the world should not be dismissed as insignificant .
those refugees that are fleeing from syria and north africa are not fleeing from a handful of terrorists .
on a global scale islamic extremism does literally number in the millions .
if it was truly a small handful of people there is no way problems like isis boko haram al qaeda and the taliban would be as bad as it is today .
and if you 're going to pull the 'no true scotsman ' fallacy on us and say all those millions of people are not truly of islam how far do you intend to take that argument ?
are you going to include the barbarism of saudi arabia that recently executed a boy arrested when he was seventeen years old for protesting against the government ?
the form of execution was the most barbaric in imagination more so than usual in saudi arabia crucifixion .
compared to that slow agonizing death a beheading or hanging the usual methods of execution in saudi arabia is downright humane .
and btw the news of this execution was not leaked to the press it was announced proudly by the saudi justice system to the world because they genuinely believe crucifying people gets shit done .
crucifixion is a problem solver in saudi arabia in accordance specifically to islamic law .
are you going to argue that saudi arabia is not of islam ?
several hundred million people might take issue with that .
and if islam truly is a religion of peace can someone please provide an example of this in reality ?
something backed up with both numbers and immutable facts instead of a bunch of useless flowerly language .
because holy shit the middle east and africa can genuinely use a religion of peace right now .
how has this great religion of peace islam helped out in syria ?
and a long list of islamic nations i ca n't remember off the top of my head right now because more than anything those places desperately need a religion of peace and so far islam has utterly failed to deliver .
so many people keep saying we need to get to the root of the problem .
the root of the problem is this fantastic belief in some angry vengeful frikking dessert god preaching go forth and slay infidels and everything in the afterlife will be fucking fabulous '' and dammit we 're going to complain .
there are people killing each other in the name of a god .
we do n't care which god but at the same time we 're not going to ignore which god it happens to be just to make life more convenient for people who happen to pray to that god .
people have been slain by the millions since the dawn of time over the belief in something that simply does not exist .
this is both barbaric and stupid and we will call it such .
after killing a black demon it dropped a dragon helm .
prefer to do a nightfall strike but i am happy with any pve that is fireteam suggested .
not sure if the issue i 'm having is with my device or with nrt 2.0.6 .
the latest nexus 6 ota is available as mra58r so naturally i 'd like to update .
force flash is greyed out but the box is checked .
no force encrypt is not checked as i never removed the encryption from my device when i originally unlocked the bootloader .
got back into os a few settings had changed dpi kernel settings etc because i was no longer rooted .
no problem back to nrt click root '' phone does it 's thing ... finally get to the pop up that tells me what files to flash in twrp in the ! readytoflash folder .
i picked all three files including su 2.52 beta.. swiped to confirm they install .
here 's the problem the phone boots up then gets an error saying that my device is corrupt then shuts off .
i googled it and people have had success with flashing a different kernel so i tried flashing hells core .
it gets me past the corrupt warning but then bootloops waited 20 mins .
i got back into recovery flashed my nandroid and i 'm back to where i was an hour ago .
so i 've been playing destiny since may but i 've never run trials before .
i 'm actually not bad at crucible i 've just been too intimidated to give trials a shot .
i would really like it if a couple of people could help me out .
i do n't expect to get to the lighthouse but it would be awesome if i could get this week 's armor piece .
if you 'd like to help my gt is theodyssey96 .
i work 3rd shift and had to sleep through it .
the score scared the shit out of me when i just woke up and saw it .
i just got ullr to diamond and now i 'm going to get another hunter to diamond .
before i was heavily in to pick up it was at the point where i had a girl every week i always had an article or two pulled up on my phone shout out to my man 's chase from girlschase.com and all of my friends new me as that guy .
now i have a girlfriend and i 've been with her for 8 month probably 9 .
my boys always tell me that i 've changed when i feel completely the same .
i can see the signs of interest and everything else thier just not as strong as they where before .
i just pulled an ugin the spirit dragon i looked him up and was surprised to see he 's sitting at about 40 .
it looks like he 's doubled in the last month is this mainly due to standard or modern and as a corollary what are the chances this is representative of his post rotation price ?
the kind that want me to be happy as long as they do n't have to do anything to help .
as soon as i open up about my depression they 're either gone or respond with some bullshit like just thing happy thoughts . ''
someone even said i was one of the most important people in their life but of course is too busy to ever make time to listen .
going out with everyone else is a bigger priority .
i 'm an asshole for seeing flaws in peoples logic .
i ca n't say positive long enough to make new friends or go on dates .
i honestly feel like if i disappeared none of my friends '' would notice for at least a few weeks .
i 've got a interview shot with 2 cameras .
i like the shot of one camera and the sound of the other .
i know final cut will sync audio and video but i can only find people explaining how it works when you have a audio file and a video file separate .
how does it work when you have 2 video files ?
what is the name of the device that connects to the battery terminal to extend it to multiple wire leads ?
i do n't want to solder all of my wires to the terminals .
i would rather connect a box with like 8 holes for wires to connect to .
is it called a battery terminal mount fuse block ?
i 'm looking to start a weight loss journey here .
i recently became a father so i found my self not being as active and to add to this i just got a new job in september that has me sitting 8 hours a day .
i 'm looking to start through cardiovascular activities and slowly move into weight training to get the body i desire .
i love having data to refer and see my progress in numbers .
i 'm going to start tracking calories with my fitness pal and i would like some way of tracking what i 'm burning through workouts .
heart rate monitors seem like the ideal tool and my understanding is that the monitors that go strapped to the chest are the most accurate .
for those of you who are against it why ?
any help is welcome and sorry for the wall of text .
when you put your gun away in third person it freakin dissappears !
in 3 and new vegas you can still see them .
so the gaming keyboard that i want to invest in is a corsair vengeance k70 cherry mx brown .
however i want to try and only get the red led backlit and not the rgb .
in australia a normal k70 is about 180 and an rgb k70 is 250 .
is it still worth it to get a k70 even if i do n't want the rgb or should i try and go for another keyboard that 's better ?
i would like to have a wrist rest and some media controls .
it 's 6am where i 'm at i 've been awake all night due to not catching any sleep and at around 3am i came up with the idea for this short story .
i wrote this story during the duration of the bracket album without any afterthought .
it 's not even edited as i felt like i should keep it as is in order to preserve the emotions sigur rós can create in the listener .
the entire point of the story is to hopefully create the same feeling in the reader as the album creates in the listener but i 'm not sure if any of it came through .
it was a fun exercise in creative writing as i forced myself to keep writing for the entire 71 minutes not rewriting a single passage except misclicks of course .
i recommend doing this exercise to anyone who 's interested in writing as it really forces the writer to go with the flow and not think about the words themselves .
oh and i of course recommend listening to the bracket album while reading especially 3 and 8 i think their emotions translated somewhat clearly to words
i am trying to send a settler from greentop nursery to taffington boathouse .
i can send the settler to other settlements which are further away i can also say that no supply line has been set up to taffington boathouse from any other settlement .
the settler in question is not named and can be sent to other settlements .
when i try to send him i can see taffington boathouse in the menu but it is greyed out and i can not select it .
hello guys i am really new to reddit and i hope i have not broken any rules this will be my first time posting a topic question .
i have an alienware x51 r2 with a i7-4790 4ghz coupled up with a gtx 760 ti 2gb ddr5 memory .
i am planning to upgrade my graphic card to something to the likes of gtx 970 with 4gb of memory .
however due to the design of the case and computer after reading up from here http www.tomshardware.com/answers/id-2596041/upgrading-alienware-x51-graphics-card.html i am limited by these
2. cooling mechanism needs to be blower type not sure if this is absolute necessary i do n't mind about the noise since i will be mostly on my headphones anyway
can you guys recommend a gfx card fulfilling the constraints listed above ?
i imagine this will be a game that we 're still going to be finding stuff like this year 's down the road .
yikes yeah this game eats around 1mb per minute .
do n't play this on data unless you have a large amount left .
yeah i 'm definitely not going for perfection on my first purchases .
just something to give me some sort of feel .
that obj touchdown would have helped secure my matchup .
so it starts off with a pop-up but from behind
now you know how randy orton does that turn https youtu.be/e86msrziqp8 before his rko viper taunt ?
after a pop up from behind you slam them back down to the mat like that .
they go up in the air from the pop up and you bring them back down quickly and violently exploding with sudden power from the twisting clothesline/rock bottom back to the mat .
they served people with niche interests who had no other option .
gaming used to be this my first cheat codes came of magazines after all .
but when i want to do something new youtube is too damn good at it for me to even consider mags in the first place .
i 've just always thought it was funny that they 're called cup noodles and want to bring light upon the situation .
yet he did which should make you question how good security is because who 's to say that was actually a camera and not a bomb .
then you use your sloughed off skin as parmasean cheese ?
once i realized i could store and use all my junk in the workshop without having to take it out carry weight has n't been a problem .
lmao yea ... was master back in bo2 where rank meant anything .
smh why do you think pick/ban exists in lol then .
its the same idea 3arc just wants to follow sucessfull esports examples
i had no idea what the twist was going into it .
just had someone tell me you 'll never guess the ending ! ''
it 's painfully obvious if you 're looking for it .
ettiquette is fitting into the situation you 're in whether it 's a catholic mass high society a military drinking meeting or a corporate retreat .
i do n't care how good/bad her career is if your gon na talk shit prepare to get hit .
with the new adc items adcs are fine.but with the ap item nerf and cost increases immobile mages are in a really bad spot.this is why mid laners wants these nerfs gone .
the most popular advice here is indistinguishable from extortion .
hmmm ... so he 's already gone to a doctor and they told him what you 'd expect .
when i was 22 and in college i for some reason or another could n't get it up with this girl .
it happened for a week straight and was the single most embarrassing thing that 's ever happened to me in the bedroom .
i can say definitively that it kept happening because i was expecting it to .
maybe he 's experiencing a bit of the same considering you say he 's sensitive about it and does n't want to talk .
in my case my friend gave me a viagra i got over the hump that night and never looked back .
i say good on you for how you 're handling this .
you seem to know exactly how delicate an issue this is .
but any stress you show is just gon na make it worse so just keep doing your best to encourage him along .
i can see how tiring this can all become .
that sounds like a nice bumper sticker but i do n't think it 's true .
i 'd be much more satisfied doing a pretty small number of things that i liked as a routine .
missed that she 's definitely yum in that movie .
i like her less these days ca n't put my finger on it .
i 'm a pretty outspoken feminist but even i ca n't deny the influence bill clinton has had on hillary clinton 's career .
clinton would have had to slog through the trenches the way warren gillibrand and duckworth have if she had been on her own and she might have become a senator at the end .
her husband has enabled her to achieve so much more than she ever could have alone .
it 's naive to deny the boon bill clinton has been to his wife 's career .
both my dog and cat sleep under the covers with us after the first night they know the risks .
no there was another person that yelled charlie hebdo '' during the moment .
i 'm sorry both of you have/had to go through this i 'm so glad you are n't in that situation anymore .
i believe he 's referring to this video right here https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=l7gabvhjtsw .
only just started listening to this but i have to say that i would n't disagree with either op or with the individual i believe he 's referring to gearoid o colmain .
a lot of things went well but we still lost .
hey man thank you for telling me it 's possible to make this car !
i mean i 'm planning on making a 1995 le mans nsx when i get this game it 's the team kunimitsu one just because gran turismo was one of my favorite games when i was a child .
uh ... bolt-on while making roose 's actions turn from human evil into supernatural evil would n't be a detriment to the series because there 's enough human evil with ramsay and mostly would be really cool if true !
this is what i like to call the nicholas cage '' method of content production .
one amazing thing then one laughably bad and/or mediocre thing to balance it out .
defending strangers from friends can lead to angering your friends .
rather you should consider if the benefits of chastising your friend are worth the consequences .
stayed at a hostel in santa cruz and was very rudely woken up in the middle of the night by these little shits .
when i told the owner the next morning she denied it until i showed her the bed and there were still about 5 crawling around .
then she has the fucking balls to question as to where i stayed the night before !
bitch i was at a marriott and fuck you !
my friend and i were taken to a sneak peak release of this movie by my friend 's mom at the age of 10 or 11. for some reason they let us in this r rated movie because it was a special event or something ... . anyhoo his mom took us out of the theatre after the first sin was revealed ... and i was kind of traumatized by it .
mustered to courage to watch it a few years later .
it 's more sad if a thing like that did n't even leave an impact the arm chair psychologists would then conclude that the world is n't fazed with these crimes anymore .
at the very least these feed posts alert people that there 's an issue something is happening and it 's their call if they wish to know more about it or dismiss it .
personally for example i 've been in a lock down for work related issues .
this is my first time looking at the internet there 's an issue with paris ?
oh wow click more links how did 120 people die in two hours etc .
sure it can get saturating to the point of ad nausea but i realized that the more you think like this the problem is not the posters and it 's you as the recipient who has been spending a lot of time on the internet caught up in their algorithm
that 's specifically why my first comment mentioned a desire for widely varied sources so as not to under-represent multipe perspectives .
this is why the term streets smarts '' exists .
why do you think people in bad/poor/dangerous areas are much more wary of other people ?
because they have to be or they 'll be victimized .
i 'm really sorry you live in such fear and mistrust but i refuse to live that way .
i understand the sentiment and optimism but you should realize that this is completely unrealistic for some people .
i promise you that a few nights in jail will completely change your mind about what people are capable of .
yes people are inherently good we all want to love our neighbors and live in peace but we also all want to take care of our families feed our children and stay alive .
some people are forced to choose between loving their neighbors and feeding their children on a daily basis .
when faced with this choice it 's human nature to choose your family first .
these people are still inherently good but some situations demand that their instinct to nurture their children is readily sublimated into an instinct to deceive or even harm others .
when you live where many people around you are desperate giving everyone the benefit of the doubt is the worst decision you could make .
i see his point about hurns because he is technically consistent '' but in terms of being a fantasy wideout ab just blows someone like hurns out of the water .
ab is completely independent of tds whereas hurns relies on them
mouseover or click to view the metric conversion for this comment http fiddle.jshell.net/convertstometric/xhk4y5h5/show/light ? 2 20feet 20 200.6 20m 0a 2 feet 0.6 m
way to use a picture containing two people who are n't even in the band anymore .
he grabs the knife while asher scouts the next door .
the irony here is that i 'm really into cows xd
i do n't listen to any other music while playing a game unless like gta and fallout for example it 's in the game itself .
then that i can agree with cause in this scenario it 's not like he 's being tackled out of bounds and has to maintain possession as he 's falling .
i 'm not saying everything is about america i 'm saying that the rapid spread of aids did n't begin until it reached america .
look up verified hiv cases by year you 'll see that my comment is entirely correct .
also i never said aids was the primary cause of death just that it had victims .
i realize that aids usually only kils you when another pathogen is introduced to your weakened immune system but that does n't mean you 're not a victim of aids .
even if aids never kills you it still sucks to have .
i see would be easier if he just explicitly said what he wanted to say .
there are tons of managers who abuse their employees .
there are such things as at will '' laws that grant employers the right to fire an employee for no reason whatsoever .
maybe you 're too willing to side with someone who has achieved a management position ?
i just guessed him since he 's the youngest male superstar .
good to know thought it had to be main type or i would have used dxdq .
i do n't want you to be my mom but you are more than welcome to be my lady .
i 've always tried and had no luck just figured you were n't able to .
is there a specific point you need to interact with ?
i saw a man with shopping cart overflowing with items using the self checkout last time i was at schnuks .
i 'd be surprised if he got done in under a half hour .
that 's pretty much what i said in the end the passive and active aura barriers are the more or less same thing aura is essentially the mana bar of hunters which just works as a force field when not in use .
they demoed 6 houses from the 30 's and a great family-owned taqueria a little further up fitzhugh for a fucking cvs and some ugly ass white eifs 4-plex condos for uptown fuckwits to live in .
pretty soon it will be new east dallas . ''
did anyone else see the defence ratings stat they threw up ?
vivi at 65 has 159 mag 69 def and 132 res .
vaan at 65 has 138 atk 94 def and 90 res .
though as an allrounder at 80 which probably wo n't happen in jp for a while since we just had a 2 event he 'd only be on the same level as people at 65 ...
that was exactly what i thought but i 'm only hallway through the corner and my husband said it must be because it 's such a specific name .
i know they recycle a lot of names in different forms that they came across in real life so i figured it was a wink and a nod but just wondered if there was any evidence to back that up .
you step on a crack you break your mama 's back . ''
endlich mohl an aufiwöhla fia leid ausm gonzn lond in österreicha aufwiegn oida .
not that abs are the be-all end-all but you can get them exercising 3 days a week and watching your diet .
secluded within his gloomy domicile the colossal creature siezes his liberated power wand in an airy huff .
the sickly aura of the portal in front of him reflects against the equally alien pallor of his face .
hurrrnnnnnngggghhhhhhh '' after only a few short seconds of waving his mechanical baton at the ethereal mirror box the great beast lumbers forward from his throne with a painful grunt .
he wanders lazily towards the forbidden resting chamber searching for the foodstuffs it had previously hidden .
he turns to face me and grins grotesquely before continuing on his way .
he returns shortly and slumps into his throne once more staring at me with his sunken dead little eyes .
well fatty there 's nothing on i guess you 'll just have to let me love you . ''
stay away from me foul creature lest i strike you once more ! ''
my bravado is for not my swiftness has abandoned me i am lost .
he pulls me up from my post and carries me to his seat resting my limp form on his ample knees .
i spring forward from his fleshy form and return to my chosen area .
he slumps down and and points his wand at the dimensional gate once more changing locations with each button press .
tossing the remote he slides onto the floor and stares at the stark distant ceiling .
i creep into the edge of his vision admiring how pathetic he can be .
jesus christ i 'm so bored just kill me already ''
jesus will not help you human but i will be the vengeful god to reap your soul ! ''
there is n't even a sr riddick on the market so i 'm starting to think u r right .
i 'm pretty involved in the ontario fighting game community it 's a great group to be a part of for some local mp gaming .
competitive scene but if you do n't take it seriously nobody faults you for it .
i 'm in niagara so i 'm closer with the hamilton crowd but the to scene is great too .
the production values of this video make it look like it was recorded in a developing nation .
i 've been training for 6 days a week for about 2 years now and i 've gone from 49kg 108lbs too 57kg 125lbs
i found personally that eating stupid amounts of food does n't help .
i was eating close too 4500 calories a day and my body was just crapping it all out .
the way i gained the most of my weight was i dropped my calorie intake down too 2500 i went in to full on freak macro counting mode and increased my calorie in take every day by 50 calories and i steadily put on weight !
until my body got use to it and i stopped again .
what does my flair have to do with anything .
and why do you end all of your sentences in ellipsis while we 're on the subject of things that do n't matter .
a 3 loss conference champion absolutely is not as good a win as a 2 loss champion .
it does n't matter what a teams losses are once they have too many of them .
thinking about running in ultra boosts instead of nikes this time .
i kind of noticed that the baby was black for some reason despite me and my wife being white .
i 'm interested to know i had something similar in terms of fan-hitting but i 've been through your posts and it seems very similar !
when she bounced off the giraffe 's chest she had the full on oh fuck ! ''
i 'm not opposed to the sound it just does n't belong in hon as an exit sound ...
do n't binge is all i can say i have been using 1 year exactly and i do n't even realize it .
i have absolutely no desire to stop and i actually burned myself out smoking meth for weeks straight and i 'm bored of the drug now .
gus already said no to this and he does not want to clutter the lobby .
kygo has a kickass remix of that song that you 'd like then
the meaning of my life the universe and everything is 42 .
the knick has some of my favorite cinematography on television .
something changed since they implemented the new google photos .
it continues to pull from drive if you already have it set up but you ca n't change it .
if you try to change anything it well convert you over to the new system .
you may remember me from such culinary cookbooks as dumpster diving for dummies baby you 've got a stew going
did you know that pearls are made of calcium carbonate the same substance in eggshells ?
calcium carbonate has one fewer carbon and oxygen atom than its close relative calcium oxalate which makes up kidney stones .
those are two things you do n't want to mix up at the jewelry store !
please type happy urethra '' to unsubscribe from pearl facts and have a nice day .
oh you are right that they would be lol thanks for straightening that out for me
yep its like a completely different team from last year .
i remember watching you guys week one and taking note .
damage probably works what i mean is the stack does n't go up by 3
it 's wrong on so many levels and i would never even consider it .
but i just have a dark sense of humor .
yeah i mean i love the movie but i really do n't need to see that shit while i 'm trying to eat raw fish
i 'm searching for a good loose leaf genmaicha right now .
amazon has davidson 's but the reviews are so-so .
darn tough socks ... vt brand that guarantees your socks for life .
comfy warm and durable ... but if they rip new socks
kirk ferentz used to always give up before half and just take a knee .
against osu in 2009 he did n't even try to win in regulation when all we had to do was go 40 yards into field goal range in one minute .
he just took a knee and we lost in overtime .
i have watched the office more times than is psychologically healthy actually watching the classy christmas episode as i write this .
after having watched the show several times dwight has become my favourite character by far his multifaceted personality is quite intriguing the farmer the charmer the social darwinian the comforter oddly enough .
my question to you is do you feel like having played dwight changed who you are as a person ?
i believe if it 's sold as is then he can not get his money back but if it 's fake and sold as real he can get his money back .
the seller is responsible for portraying his item as true to described .
you ca n't sell a grand am and call it a porsche unless you label it as is ''
america has a higher of people who can speak multiple languages when compared to mexico or canada .
maybe those signs meant that they were n't hiring anymore ?
how else would you do the interview process without a resume ?
in that case archangel of tithes or adverse conditions .
i could buy the mercedes e63 amg with that kind of money
i always recommend a frost heater or similar product .
something that can warm up the engine via warming/cycling the coolant or just a block heater will give you a much more comfortable experience .
im pretty sure this is the best german shepherd puppy ever
yeah i agree alot of talent mixed with unoriginal ideas and beats .
they changed what the opening statement was supposed to be last minute similarly to how they changed the entire focus of the debate because of the attack .
i think it was his way at rebelling a little bit .
hey i think i am right before you when you made this post .
i am trying to figure out where i can use the python knowledge that i am learning .
i only want to make products that i can distribute to users and test market feedback .
for mobile apps i have to use java android or switch ios for chrome extensions i need javascript ... . where else can i use python .
ladies and gentlemen allow me to present man not caring .
infiltrator is one of the classes that requires the most time put into and patience to be good at it also requires a lot of certs for the many different playstyles it provides .
however it 's one of the most versatile classes .
know that this is what you want to do before you commit to it .
here 's some things i 've learned in the past few years that might help you out a little bit .
look into spending your cert points into suit slots like flak nanoweave or other things like that .
these will allow you to be much more useful or last longer making you more beneficial to the team .
be sure to also upgrade abilities like your infiltrator cloaks medic auto-heal heavy shields and other things .
also look into getting other items such as med-kits c4 tank mines and grenade types .
facing enemies head-on is almost never the best way to go about it .
always look for possible ways to flank enemies or make it easier for your team to attack .
sneak around using infiltrator or light assault try to take down key parts of their resistance like sunderers or spawning beacons .
make use of recon darts or motion trackers and make sure to destroy hostile ones .
it 's okay to use force multipliers like tanks maxes or other armored units and heavy weaponry to fight difficult enemies .
do n't be afraid to take advantage of what you have available to you .
the individual is what 's most important make sure you 're having fun .
familiarize yourself with classes and weaponry or vehicles in vr training which is accessible from warpgate terminals .
if you 're not having fun in a fight go somewhere else or take a break .
if you 're not enjoying yourself there is n't any reason to be playing .
also make sure your model quality is set to high so you can see enemy units and infiltrators better .
sometimes when my nose is stuffy i use a tissue to rub the inside of my nose until i sneeze .
i get like addicted to the sneezing feeling and do it till my throats sore .
the less complicated way to do rss auto-dl would be set up some show filters with yarss2 http dev.deluge-torrent.org/wiki/plugins/yarss2 or something similar that works great with deluge .
ice vs ken at evo 2015 ice goes for it and starts smiling when he gets it .
i do n't shop at target very often because there is n't a location very close to where i live but whenever i do shop there i always get wonderful customer service .
there is also a tumblr post going around with people raving about how much they like going to target .
do the store managers put applicants through a lengthy process so they get only the best employees or have they just gotten really lucky ?
jizya is a tax for non-muslims not just christians .
muslims pay tax too but it 's not called jizya .
should the non-muslims pay zero taxes and enjoy full benefits ?
or should the word jizya changed from arabic to english ?
i got 25-1 odds last week when i was there !
lakers are held to a certain standard while the pelicans are up and coming and has still room to grow .
mirrored post from the tumblr blog a drawfriend from co ''
do think you can do a video of lapis in the message singing hello on the tv screen ? ? ?
i do n't think that law could ever exist in america with all the dipstick pro-forced birth politicians we have that love fetuses and hate children .
i 've always assumed this was a mistake on ronimo 's part because it just makes no sense to me whatsoever .
i 've been trying to figure out some balance issues with a couple of my foils and figured out that i was using an older heavier and slightly larger guard .
i have been shopping around to try to find foil guards that are lightweight and durable but know next to nothing about them .
does anyone have any recommendations for guards that way i can get a near uniform feel for my weapons ?
well not quite when i said i 'd be done but your pokes are upgraded .
let me know when you want to get them back .
i 'm about to go to bed but i 'll be free tomorrow monday starting around 7 pm est .
and yeah i 'll have to apologize and own it like a man .
fuck psychics i would 've been better off with ap physics because that teacher is n't a biology major .
i do n't have any advice but i can say that i know how you feel .
i 'm an m1 and struggling to stay afloat .
people keep saying just take it day by day hour by hour ''
i had the most fun on these maps especially the moon and shangri-la easter eggs ascension is also up there .
i 've done a few modern roto drafts they 're fun !
lots of room to do ridiculous things you should definitely try it
mid-debate in my history class in high school my partner is arguing with the know-it-all true-to-the-books real-life hermione granger .
she gets frustrated with him and tells him he 's putting words in her mouth .
he retorts i 'm not trying to put anything in your mouth . ''
maudwhat your statement has been added to your dossier and will be crucial in the final analysis .
yes the logies are barely worth more prestige than the townsville cup top bantz .
but hey anything to support the awesome team at sbs is worth a few minutes right ?
this is my ref if someone wants to use it http browseu.com/user/register ? referralid=373
thank god for browsing reddit at night i find all sorts of helpful things
i definitely thought they had the chance to turn it around after they faced the broncos packers and bengals early on and did n't look very good .
they have some solid players on defense and combined with an offense that runs the ball and does n't turn it over much they tend to have a decent floor most weeks .
now that they 've been racking up turnovers lately it takes it to another level .
also calling u/sneakerlambs i need your address to be able to send you a card please can you pm me ?
they act like it 's 2007 b the cesspool '' of the internet but they do n't seem to understand that b was never even that toxic excluding the once in a blue moon of cp or a dead body or some shit
you 're right i 'm a knicks fan for some reason my flair was missin
i was on my way home from a party walking on the bike lane and i came across a pile of puke .
i put on some gloves and pick it up .
i needed a new phone so after a thorough cleaning i wipe the memory and start using it .
a week later i 'm at a friends place and i spot a flyer for a missing phone .
i probably should have given the girl her phone back but instead i put her sim card in her mailbox with a note that said thanks for the phone '' .
2 months later i 'm on vacation in florence italy .
i 'm at a bar with a friend and when it closed we finished our beers on the street .
as we get up to leave 7-8 big black dudes come up and grab me from behind empties my pockets and runs off with the iphone and 10 euro .
it 's always targeted to very specific things as well .
i remember one post that pointed out that texas chainsaw massacre '' had 2 trigger warnings while frozen had 13 .
made me wonder what exactly it is that 's so upsetting .
that ass is fantasic and just so damn fat .
i could only imagine what it would be like to squeeze it .
guess this is the best argument that there is .
here 's a guy who is trying desperately to argue against me because he 's made it personal for whatever reason .
it 's hard to take me seriously because i misspell some words ?
i skimmed through your post and read a whole lot of nothing i.e .
you do n't address why big boss was cloned if they could have just gone the plastic surgery/hypnotherapy route .
xero came up with the idea to change the medic to big boss not big boss .
you do n't even understand the story how the hell can i debate with you ?
why did n't xero find soldiers with good reputations and turn them into big boss his own only personal cypher army vs les enfant terrible ?
i do n't care about explaining his motivation behind that i care more about such an obvious miss by kojima with writing .
your just dancing around each topic and are refusing to just admit that kojima made some writing mistakes .
furthermore kojima could have made the twist be about d-dog being the reincarnation of the boss and you would praise it as being ground breaking stuff with ... .brooo like complexity ... and the dude it 's so meta comments again .
some of your points are so homer-ish it 's cringe worthy .
i appreciate the continuing them misspelled of duality for every bad snake there is a good .
again with the broooo it 's so meta and deep and layered ... ... .and meta ! !
like comments i was complaining about earlier from you zombies .
i just want to single that comment out to point out how desperate your comments are to make this game come off as deeper then it actually is .
you 're afraid to admit that the story and ultimately the mgsv experience underwhelmed with regards to the story because you invested so much energy towards it these last few years .
it 's a defence mechanism a minority of you are going through .
i do n't use the ones i have right now because i got them from a cute little old man that says i should keep them .
we have a local celebrity '' named two-dollar bill and he always comes into my workplace and gives one to whichever person is helping him .
i think i have about 11 or 12 from him .
you can see some other stuff i 've been working on on instagram vince.park or you can go through my post history do n't go too deep lol .
that basically sums up the island in chaos mod .
one of my all time favorites it really friend up the game for me .
i only wish they would remove the invincibility and no wanted level .
i 'm not sure about a superior running pc for the price of a console ...
it 's hard to see and everyone was confused the the holder leaves his off hand right in front of the ball rofl ... his fingers of his right hand clip the ball
screwing your customers over in a retail store setting is very bad because that person can more than likely go somewhere else .
now i also worked in customer service for at t mobility where we were also required to sale to sell home internet and tv service to customers and get this they lied to the agents about how the service worked what it was and used a single brand name u-verse to disguise the fact that their network was not homogeneous and encouraged used to use terms like fiber-blend '' and minimum speeds '' .
this was also a product which was not available in our town so almost no one where i lived actually used it .
what is funny is i was smart enough to eventually figure out the bullshit so they threatened to fire me because i was unwilling to use their verge because i refused to knowingly commit sales fraud .
it turned out in the order process it tells us the network type and we were told not to look at that but it was tell us if it was dsl dsl-bp fttn or fttn-bp or other wiring .
they were dead set on hiding their technology implementation from their customers .
the difference is there the customer ca n't really go somewhere else .
there is not store across the street they can go to so it does n't matter if they bitch about how bad the service was .
our job as customer service was to prevent that spin things as a positive and if we failed to do that they would fire us .
also just a heads up if you ever get a survey and its 1 10 anything less than a 9 is considered bad .
7 8 are rated to 0 and every number 6 and below is essentially a negative .
one a 1 5 scale everything below a 5 is a bad mark .
any time you give a customer an 8/10 or a 4/5 you are endangering their job and there is a good likelihood they may be reprimanded for it depending on the situation .
but yes it definitely depends on the industry and i can tell you those tests do n't serve well for hiring store workers in most situations .
people who pointlessly and harshly shoot down aspiring short story authors for literally no good reason .
good lord this has been posted half a dozen times already ...
basically french female players behind that line are considered fucked '' which is the same as screwed .
my info on the episode said brian and stewie do a cleanse which stewie takes too far .
so you can play at great disadvantage or lose point automatically playing against him in pvp ... .
nobody said you ca n't awaken a bunch of them !
of course he also has a movie with that same cast where rebellion s violently selfish lesbian poonthirst ruins everything . ''
i could swear this pos chain-letter made it on one of the japanese subs a few months/years ago but i ca n't unfortunately find it back .
to op short of it is that you should n't believe everything you read on the internet .
especially when it 's been forwarded to you by your racist uncle accompanied by some comment about the kenyan muslim president of the us .
it 's my favourite video game of all time .
big open world you have to collect a bunch of eggs from all over the world without saves .
here 's a great speedrun to get a feel of the game https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=yyziur4vlve
sapphire has great cards but its not like their cards completely blow away the competition .
their cards combo-ed with an amazing warranty is why everyone loves them .
thats in the us i 'm not sure on the warranty situation in nz .
you can overclock with any card but i heard that msi overclocks the best because their cards ship with 1100 mhz clockspeed compared to the 1050mhz of this card .
however that does not guarantee a better oc you ca n't go wrong with either .
im not too familiar with the strix ca n't help you there .
link me where you could build a pc that can outperform an xbone for less than 500 .
if you can do it i 'll buy one and post proof .
edit well under the cost of a console '' so 400 or less pls .
do not make the same mistakes i did and talk to him now .
just fyi i think you mean synopsis synapsis is the pairing of two homologous chromosomes that occurs during meiosis
i was just looking at the bite agave lip mask and realized that was silly .
i have the perfect lip balm that moisturizes and exfoliates in one step for like 4 .
you interpreted it with a victim complex for some reason
swag is playing next week for c9 so that should help is rep a little .
if you go on nexus you 'll easily find over a dozen performance mods and even more to improve the graphics .
right now i 'm using sweetfx and e3fx and the game looks gorgeous .
i also have the fallout config mod that lets you disable godrays and mouse acceleration .
e3fx has its own lighting built in so god rays mean literally nothing to me right now .
performance is way better and it still looks great .
i recommend it to anyone with an amd card .
i think putting things in your butt after this surgery is not advised .
was it only added in the bd/dvd version or something ?
which was if i 'm not mistaken also published by bethesda .
john muir used to do that shit without all the fancy equipment we have today .
not disparaging people who hike places like half dome safely .
it just blows my mind how crazy that guy was .
iirc correctly starc was bowling like 155 at the world cup ?
with a bit of tail wind you never know he might 've hit 160 .
oui on est surs qu'il a commis un attentat .
on a aussi les photos des fiches s. on aurait du l'identifier depuis vendredi soir .
just out the back of kingsley in the darch/madeley/kingsway/ridiculous amount of names area .
as i understand your sentiment i dont think you should see her death as bringing shame to diabetics as what got her killed was really her stupidity .
her health condition played no part in her death unless ofc if you consider idiocy a medical condition
he is a 19 year old rookie that needs to adjust to the nba game he plays 20 to 25 minutes per game and that is plenty of in game time to develop when he earns more time he will get it no need to throw him in the fire for 35 minutes per game if he still isnt ready for that .
players need more then 10 games to develop fully especially point guards .
we could go the mudiay route and have him lead the league in turnovers and throw up a bunch of bricks every game until he learns from his mistakes and improves but different players develop in different ways .
dangelos problem so far is the lack of aggresivenes adjusting his shot to the nba game and becoming better at defensive rotations and awareness all of that will come with more games and more experience and then he will get more minutes .
the plan for randle last year was to bring him in from the bench and then increase his minutes throughout the season as he adjusts to the nba and clarkson was in the dleague this time last year .
i can sweep/vacuum and when company shows up an hour later one of those comes rolling by to greet the visitor .
deadman will live forever so long as there is some level of 'reset ' in the game .
1 making new worlds that create a new deadman account or
2 resetting everyone 's stats on deadman every so often
1 would require shifting of resources from osrs to deadman and a lot of people do n't want that .
but if deadman does n't get a new start every once in a while it 'll just end up with two big clans/alliances fighting each other for 'control ' of towns n shit
i have a couple of teammates that make some very bad decisions .
been trying to go flawless over the last 3 weeks in trials i only started playing trials post-ttk .
i play on a borrowed x1 i own a ps4 and so i only have 2 or 3 friends to play with they 're real life close friends as well .
however with one thinking he 's better than he really is while he 's meh and therefore refusing to take advice on how to improve or listening to my strategies and the other being decent but for some reason sporadic although he listens to advice so that 's good we can only get so close 7-0 before first loss post-mercy before we get stomped .
i like to play with friends because it 's fun i can be goofy on the mic and teabag allied ghosts and sometimes not in the mood to play with randies off lfg where i need to keep good virtual posture and be more serious .
lately nonetheless playing with friends is becoming a burden mainly the one that does n't take advice and gets offended if told he did something wrong .
but i ca n't do much unless i play with randies .
if i just go ahead and tell the meh*-dude that he 's bad he 'll obviously get hurt which will reflect in real life he does n't deal well with criticism as apparent from my description of him and he 'll aggressively try to defend himself with some triple kill he got during trials or some other random example which should prove his proficiency at the game .
however if i do n't say much he 'll still play bad and impact my game and my state of mind it does get on my nerves eventually which the reflect on my gameplay .
sadly i decide to adult and keep my mouth shut most of the time unless pushed to the point of snapping and take the game less seriously and giving up flawless .
i 'm not some excellent pvp player but i 'm decent and still have room to improve still pushing myself to become better .
i 'm planning on making the starlight drive in my main base too it 's so open and big to make one !
haha are you just posting this to make people cringe ?
i 've never understood why women in particular hate the word moist.. moist !
so ... .you get ahead of nico in the first turn and then dominate the race ... do you really think you 're that special that when you win it 's an exciting race but when nico wins it 's boring.. that 's not the way it works .
once you are out in front..and nico is unable to overtake ... we are bored to tears .
the only difference is that when nico loses he is not a poor loser .
your shift does n't start til the plane does so you do n't get the hours preparing transport getting people onto the plane or if it 's delayed etc
but the thing is.. dawnglare is literally the same thing as the app how can you be okay with simulator 1 and be against simulator 2 .
simulators are an amazing learning tool it helps you progress and get better at the game at your own pace .
you 're still solving the board the app does n't solve it for you .
simulators are also not against the eul/tos unlike solvers i do n't see where the issue is .
i started in 2006 and still havent accomplished jack shit ingame .
it 's good enough to make use of your maxed dark pact which results into more damage than leveling pounce and not dark pact so i 'm not sure what we 're talking about .
you mostly get damage out of leveling pounce leap distance is the same pounce duration is the same and cooldown is not really relevant you either will be able to kill with one pounce or you wo n't kill at all 99 of the time .
and about the escape you can just not farm too aggressively when your pounce is on cd so the reduced cd on pounce is really not worth either .
if anything levels in pounce is useful if you 're gon na use it more as an escape like on an offlane slark or something but then you can just not be out of position without pounce works too plus offlane slark is shit anyway .
no worries s5 was just my first season but i just feel like im better than silver 2
by tying in the dlcs into cop whoever attempts to refund cop thus bleeding money back from overkill also has to lose their other dlcs .
i 'm so impressed that you trotted out that you are a vr developer not .
just because you develop for vr does not mean you are right and you are not right about this at all .
if you have the vive why is everything inside the box you got designed by valve ?
sure htc has the manufacturing end but everything else is valve .
btw if you develop games i am one less customer you will have thanks for the heads up .
i work in it and in terms of diabetes its really not that bad .
i take breaks when i need to and i can do non-customer-facing tasks when i need a snack or something .
of course any job that directly deals with other people over the phone especially a tech support role is going to be frustrating and thats no good for blood sugars or my sanity but learning to deal with it is part of the job .
my diabetes doesnt really get in the way too much .
it certainly makes enjoying the various company-provided parties fundraisers and feasts a bit hard but as a type1 i can generally plan ahead with my insulin and be fine .
i imagine being on a strict diet like keto or trying to lose weight for any reason would make my job exponentially more difficult to tolerate than my type1 diabetes does .
i mean at some point it really is just up to you ...
imagine if a kid really wants to be good at tennis but ca n't get the basics down very well .
he 's got coaches to help him and work on his techniques he 's watching live games whenever he can but it just wo n't click .
sometimes that just means it is n't for you but i 'm sure there are things you could still do on your own here 's a list of things a find a lot of new players never really pay attention to when they say halo is too hard for them
do n't rely on your radar too much in h5 it 'll give you a false sense of security when you see someone on radar it means they 're really close to you play more reactively to what you see on your screen and have a peak on your radar from time to time to see if someone is above/under you .
if you find yourself dying alot avoid the middle of the map .
the closer you are to the centre the more ennemies will be able to see you and kill you from a direction you 're not expecting them from .
i know in games like cod you can sprint all over the place and not get punished as hard but sprinting in halo should only be used to cover group faster not to be used whenever you 're not shooting someone .
stick to the edge of the map you 'll die less often and have more opportunities to kill people yourself .
more often than not people who end up feeding 4-5 kills without killing someone themselves desperately run around the map to look for a kill .
reset after each death 1 kill is n't gon na make it up for 10 deaths do n't try to be a hero and score 10 kills after uve died 6 times in a row .
do n't feel obliged to use the pistol exclusively it 's hard to use for some that 's why you have the ar .
there 's a whole bunch of other tips out there but it 's mainly about identifying what you 're doing wrong atm and working on mastering the basics first .
if you 're having trouble getting a positive k/d dont go on youtube to look up how to do a super complicated straffing pattern to out duel people ... work on knowing the maps where the power weapons are dying less get more kills play reactively have good awareness do n't sweat falling behind a bit and mostly have fun st the end of the day it 's a game if it 's making you upset it 's really not doing a good thing for you is it ?
take it easy work onxthe basics first the rest comes comes .
i feel like when people say stuff like that or say but bacon '' they must think there are n't any hardy smoky filling and flavorful vegan foods .
i made some chili this week that tastes way better than any meat chili i 've had .
i 'm 29 only recently vegan and i 'm having no trouble at all making foods that taste better than meat dishes to me .
surprised me a little at first that i did n't actually have to give up on my favorite meals .
i just make them all vegan like the chili and i experiment with the recipes more so i can make them even better than they used to be .
with the first quote is n't denial of practice of sharia considered oppression in islam given that one can no longer truly submit to allah ?
in which case you could say all western democracies are oppressing muslims living within those states ?
yes it is when it 's the first word of a sentence .
mr pie is a loser and i think he is a boozer
for now i think i 'm mostly going to take a break until i 'm able to get a tablet
if you are serious about learning then do n't take a break .
just ditch the mouse and pick up a pen and a paper .
it is widely and almost universally agreed that the best way to learn is on paper because the fundamentals transfer easily to any medium you will use later on .
as for the tablet be careful with your choices there are many options the huion linked above is great but make sure you have a return option available when you buy and test them thoroughly .
i had to return the exact same model of huion a week ago because it could n't draw diagonal lines .
wacom intuos pro series is an industry standard of great quality but it 's expensive .
see if you ca n't get a used wacom though those machines are well-built and last a long time .
also adobe photoshop is considered an industry standard drawing software so you should look in to it to at least familiarize with it yourself .
photoshop cs2 is available for free while you can download cs6 illegally if money is an issue and you want the best there is you can always buy it later when you actually start producing art .
plenty of other perfectly good applications too of course .
kung fu quest is a hong kong documentary series .
then they accuse you of logical fallacies but never get the right one
the amount of karma required is known only to the reddit admins .
that music was horrible but listening to my house '' would bring back some memories .
the nice thing about running is you 'll always see progress .
from 1k to 42k ... so long as you stick with a good plan that suits you you 'll eventually get there .
i 'm no doctor but i take it the muscles in your legs have n't felt the same exertion running as when you play volleyball slow twitch fibers so they may be adjusting .
running is all encompassing it really works the core/hips as well .
i played hockey/baseball in my younger days and was always really awful at running ... my endurance just could n't bear it but i could play the other stuff all day long no problem
or on bethesda 's case do n't worry about pc performance the modders will sort that out .
i know the modders will do a great job but they should n't have to .
they should be making cool new content and maybe some graphical upgrades but not basic patches to make the game simply playable .
arent you like ashamed when ppl see that you watch this kind of porn ? ? ?
there is nothing that can take the pain away .
but eventually you will find a way to live with it .
and everyday when you wake up it will be the first thing you think about .
i 'm currently ranked lem i 'm looking to improve myself as a player .
people in those jobs tend to be hard working yet still cool to have a drink with on the weekend .
awh no champa and my anime crush the destroyer of worlds without even flinching wifey material vados
well then you should use future tense not past .
yfw abramovich and sheikh mansour goes bankrupt with their clubs
yfw arsenal buys messi neymar pogba and forces gattuso out of his retirement
yfw this is wenger 's and flamini 's cheeky plan all these years
i edited the main post to insert why i choose speed .
the fallacy here is that technology and trustworthiness are the 'hard ' parts of running a poker site that will sustain professional players .
in reality the hard part is consistently attracting losing players .
google round obd2 port '' it kinda gets you in the ballpark maybe .
i 'm not sure what causes it other than there are definitely certain social cues women do more than men .
i think '' '' i feel '' '' i 'm not sure but ... '' and other indicators of uncertainty are feminine .
a lack of copious copious amounts of cursing is feminine
choosing to stray from articles the/a/an for pronouns particularly i/me/mine/she/her/he/his/him is feminine .
women tend to talk more about relationships and themselves more than men who tend to speak more about objects .
being lewd in conversation is very much a male thing to the point where the trans woman i know irl talking about her sexuality very openly and with much detail made me cringe .
i can take a lot but considering i was working through the fact an ex-coworker is trans and a woman ... and considering how i set passing as of near-utmost importance hearing lewd shit come from her mouth kinda shocked me .
i see trans women here do this a lot going into just a little too much detail unnecessarily and it causes a slight brain shortage as well .
women do n't ... talk like that not typically .
it 's something that comes off as masculine and i personally think is where all that auto-gynophillia shit originates from trans women think they can speak as openly about their body and sexual pleasures as men and that 's not how women talk even horndog women .
maybe when alone by themselves but never publicly we were in front of my old workplace .
copious amounts of dark humour is definitely masculine as shit .
also female privilege is being able to bitch loudly and openly about your problems and not be called a pussy-ass nigga '' so there 's that too .
it does n't appeal to me personally but women are allowed socially to complain about their problems without injecting humour so long as it 's not combined with nagging to no dark looks/insults .
it is jarring for a man to talk about his depression publicly and seriously without simply mentioning it or joking about it .
it is jarring for a woman to talk about her depression publicly in a joking manner or simply stopping there and not going into detail .
i do n't know anything else but these are the things that stand out to me .
tbh prolly could come up with more things i 've noticed over time but i 'm hella tired and finding these nuances online seems impossible .
it 's worth noting they open sourced islandwood and the project is up an running on git .
astoria was more mature in that regard but it really was a more lazy solution imo and was way too likely to negatively impact performance of both the emulated apps and of the os itself .
i 'll probably also be adding you tomorrow if that 's fine
up to the point of having batman style villains show up .
rubbish my 6 runs just as well as when i first got it .
i suspect that the contiguous united states is effectively unconquerable assuming current military and supply chain technologies .
the number of guns and redneck engineers combined with the geographic scale make it pretty impossible to take and hold much land at once .
if you think fallujah is hard to hold try the average american county .
when i first moved here i thought i was going crazy when i started noticing pelicans and cormorants all over the place but a little research convinced me that i was n't crazy and actually was seeing the birds i thought i was seeing .
while we do n't have a ton of lakes around here you can find white and brown pelicans around pretty much all of the lakes and reservoirs that we do have .
your description matches a white pelican and i believe that is indeed what you saw .
but that 's been proven to be false you get the extra pieces from it
i 'm a big fan of many horror t.v series these days as they seem to be able to explore characters themes and emotions in a more extensive way than many films which your gf may find easy to get into .
the first two seasons of american horror story has great characters and emotions and an ornate design females should enjoy .
bates motel is just a damn good story with fascinatingly intricate dynamic between norman and his mother .
hannibal is gory but again a great twisting turning story .
i bet this was saved for the release of these new movies pr in overdrive .
ok u got the grammar down go learn the game now
i feel like it may have started from myself or my siblings not being able to say remote or something when we were younger but now we are all older and it 's still called the channel changer .
imho if divorce was legal in the philippines marriage would be taken for granted .
this is why the generation today considers a lot of factors before getting married .
some prefer to just become live-in partners because of the hassles of getting in and out of marriage .
the christian-dominated society in the philippines looks at divorce as an act of offense to their religion but if worded differently e.g .
legal separation annulment it becomes somewhat acceptable because of the prerequisites into filing it .
edit i placed an imho in front of my sentence because apparently people feel that i 'm basing my comment on a fact
i ca n't remember the first game i ever played .
it was probably some educational shit like barney or blue 's clues .
as for legit games again i ca n't remember .
but i would assume it would have been either pokémon gold or silver or more likely super smash bros. melee .
will forever remain one of my favorite theme songs ever even though i 'm not a kane fan .
i 'll always remember it by how awesome and menacing it sounded and how it just fit kane like a glove to me .
i 'll also remember how surprised i first was to find out that the guys who did one thing '' made this song i was 9 years old the first time i heard slow chemical '' and assumed finger eleven was a soft rock band before that .
i know i was n't really arguing for ronda more just arguing that size can be overcome .
i really just linked that video because i could n't find the one i was thinking of and that one was crazy .
but on the ronda thing i still think you are overestimating the impact of pure strength when it comes to professional fighting .
in a street fight yeah a guy with 40-50 pounds of muscle on her is gon na kill her but in a professional fight i 'm not so sure .
this is assuming the opponent is not a trained fighter just big/muscular .
i think first of all he would struggle to even hit her second of all she is fucking good as hell at judo so unless he somehow manages to get on top of her she would most likely win on the ground .
and lastly if this is just a large guy in good shape there 's no way he would have the endurance necessary to keep up with her .
world cup 2002 final watching him play and winning the world cup .
even tho im only 8 at that time but i believe he is the best player in the world .
and after that i keep on watching football serie a la liga and make me such a huge fan of football ingeneral
without him i probably wo n't be interested in football at all
my penis makes a whistling noise when i ejaculate .
i think a good master for eleven would have been a creepy joker like character someone giggling and demented and truly vicious .
it would be a good counter point to 11s ancient child personae .
i 've had a major case of bad password memory after introduction of monthly passes .
an elder employee lady but a 15 minute talk and some memory tricks solved the issue .
yes with full dictionary words and spaces just longer than your normal password still better passwords than 80 of people on the planet use but she remembers them and does not need to write them down .
no ronda with all her ability has not improved especially in striking and she is n't gon na to become a world class striker in a couple months .
she also take people down from the clinch meaning she has to get in there with holm holm is to good to let her do that .
this was worse than she did n't have a good camp or did n't take her cut serious or working on expendables 5 so she was n't focused .
perfect example is the punch that holm slipped and rousey went into the cage .
i 've never seen that in pro fighting that 's bad striking .
i agree although it was only 4500ish fans although 'only ' is probably the wrong word to use .
amanda was super calm i guess she was aware of the editing they gave her during the aired episodes .
i do n't really see anything like that here ashley 's garment was ugly that day and laurie admitted that the other girls never said that they were going to throw her under the bus on purpose .
i think edmond should have apologized to han miao just as a gentleman .
candice has obviously convinced herself that she is more mature and enlightened than the rest .
it was hideous people it did n't look good at all .
lindsey looks so beautiful ... seriously she is so stunning .
they 're made from all the crap they sweep up off the killing floor .
michael and this is creed ... he does something ...
another one i 've been really suggesting with the current legal issues we are having is a diy ejuice starter kit from theliquidbarn .
for not very much you can get everything you need for a few bottles of juice and it 's a great into into the whole world of making your own liquids .
i 've heard of a lot of girls that if they went without make up people would think they looked sick and/or tired .
maybe they used more in the first place then so the change is a bigger shock .
i got a eyasluna and a last extremity that were both over 300 two weeks ago and then this week i got another eyasluna at 294 but with a good roll and some other forgettable weapon .
although i absolutely adore fallout 4 and loved mgs v ...
i have to give it to life is strange .
it 's rare that a game actually gets me emotional about it 's characters and story but i found lis to be extremely touching and powerful .
yes the lip sync was horrendous and the graphics were n't ... all that nice ... but the voice acting was absolutely spot on .
i do n't even think that is a bad thing .
either editing can do that or practice runs with extras can produce the same results .
i have done that as an extra for a tv show a couple times .
because i 've played way too many of these games where i knew everyone in my team .
no one queued any special settings and usualy when you get to be on the lower team it 's after you had a really short queue .
no one i know even uses language settings it 's an abuse long forgotten that no one does anymore .
it does n't work properly and it 's not worth the time .
anyway these games always happen after a long streak of games that failed to start i guess valve values being able to start in a decent time higher than getting a balanced game and their algorithm just ignores the simple way to balance the game because of it .
why do n't they just put up a big ladder where frisk fell down ?
here i am in d3 and i just realised i stopped buying green wards so long ago i did n't notice this change .
i blame things like this for why i have n't climbed any higher all season .
gears that are useless with useless teammatess just horseback riding to and fro you are attacking the tower alone and the rest are singing outside and not participating in songs and such 5 .
gears that make very little significance in the game itself despite of stats a player with 800 atk can still kill with relative ease another player with 1500 defense and thats with aid too .
i got metal in my leg that likes to get me in trouble
off topic but anyone who can eat pizza during the walking dead must have a stomach of steel .
i 'm sorry you are having trouble i understand a husband who 's not on the program that can make the night time even more challenging than it usually is for me .
it had it 's time and now it 's faded into history sadly .
apparently politicians complain that they 're unsanitary and bad for the prisoners .
i only noticed cause one of the guards mentioned it .
kind of made me happy/sad punch right in the feels
unfortunately your account does not have enough karma to submit things to r/videos at this time .
r/videos requires users to have a minimum of 10 link and 10 comment karma .
we suggest that you comment in some popular threads and make submissions to other subreddits to build up your karma and then come back .
we are sorry for any inconvenience caused and look forward to your submissions in the future .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/videos if you have any questions or concerns .
the only details you need is that it was probably really fucking stupid
you have to buy the god first but after the next patch you will be able to buy a skin without owning the god .
seriously though i know i 'm in the minority for that being my favourite mw game .
it was n't perfect but i felt it did more things right and less things wrong than the other two .
given that some rents have jumped by 20 in one go and there has n't been a 20 increase in taxes i do n't really buy this claim that most of the increases in rent are going to the bank or to the government '' .
sounds like they are complaining that i they have to pay income taxes .
ii they are n't allowed have bedsits with the toilet beside your bed beside your sink iii delays with the prtb .
every other game ran fine and sc was getting good frames but it still stuttered .
i 'm running 3440x1440p ultrawide now and it 's a lot better .
he uses a nikon d2 and d3 with 180 and 400 mm lenses http www.asc-csa.gc.ca/eng/astronauts/qa.asp .
ever seen a woman who 's just given birth ?
never tell them this but often they still look pregnant for a while .
in the immediate wake and relating to a very real problem .
what 's so wrong about letting organic things run organically up to and until there is an actual problem ?
would it be so bad if governments worked more like firehouses and less like police stations ?
why must state intervention always increase and never decrease ?
is leaving people alone to their own devices so long as they 're not infringing on anyone else 's liberty really so horrible ?
xb1 looking for jurrell casey fo card will buy but will trade too .
o_o all i learned was the thumbaround but this felt natural ...
correct me if i 'm wrong but you ca n't block senders with textra right ?
i tried it a while ago and could n't deal with the shit-ton of spam messages i get .
do n't forget mussolini 's granddaughter 's political career and the various ewuropean leaders with backgrounds in fascist regimes eg mitterand waldheim
ok thanks i was going to go to that anyway to get rid of the quest for it .
surely it 's better to pay what you can on card and carry less cash around ?
6d owner here and it 's a great camera but i would n't buy one for video .
a panasonic g7 or gh4 is a better tool in image quality 4k a higher bitrate no aliasing and moire and usability with an evf flip screen zebras and focus peaking .
very low light performance of the 6d will be better and there are probably more cheap lenses for the canon but it 's really not optimised for video .
i love it and plan to use it as my own .
that 's an interesting parallel i did n't realize .
if that few hundred pounds is going 150 then nothing will stop it .
well when i told my aunt i was dropping out of college for 2 years to pay in cash down the line she warned me that it can be hard to do .
she said you might get married you have kids you have a house you cant afford to go back to school '' and i replied i dont plan on making that mistake '' .
i was 25 hours without sleep at that point and immediately clarified mistake is not the right word option maybe '' .
she was not really offended but cut out the crap right away .
so ya i am blunt but not unaware of how my bluntness appears to others .
you have to know how it will be received by others before being blunt .
being intj is not an excuse to be socially incompetent .
as for dating that 's still an issue for later so no real experience there .
i can give you some advice for sniper but i have n't done stealth melee yet .
they make it state policy to export extremist islam and then get afraid when frankenstein returns to attack the village .
you can kind of tell by campaign ribbons if in the service or dress uniform but its not always accurate .
if you have multiple campaign ribbons and stars it helps place time a little bit but if you dont have them it doesnt necessarily make you a boot could just mean your time didnt come up .
if you are in charge of a unit platoon company etc you do it for formations so fairly regularly 1 a week or so .
if you are a staff officer maybe not that much .
but i have seen plenty of deployment orders so i know what those look like .
background marine officer of 10 years pm me if you need anything else .
all mobile almost never visit reddit on my computer .
your submission https reddit.com/r/australia/comments/3t0c06/the_right_attitude_to_take_as_told_by_waleed_from in r/australia was automatically removed because the site is a blacklisted or paywalled domain .
if you feel this was in error please contact the moderators .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/australia if you have any questions or concerns .
yeah man ... i realised immediately and edited it straight away .
any open wound is dangerous ... use a condom .
no way to heal quicker ... lay off masturbation .
oh i 'm sorry has reddit as a whole not made it a point to recognize/exploit how courteous canadians are ? !
my bad for perpetuating that false rumor about the evil canucks .
it is an audio technica at95e that was standard for a lot of thorens .
i suspect it is the original so i have already ordered an ortofon 2m red for replacement .
as long as tech skill carries more weight than fundamentals i 'm mostly happy .
i do n't know i like this implicit permission to feel like she 's mine to hold for a while .
our defensive work have massively improved since he has come into the backroom staff .
the worst of the reposts is when the original post comment on the same freaking day does n't get the credit just because it was in a different subreddit .
yahtzee and gabe what is one activity that is currently legal but should actually be illegal ?
might be dicky but if done correctly it 's actually the fastest way in terms of traffic fluidity .
merge as late as possible so you keep the flow on 2 lanes .
cars on the open lane should make gaps wide enough to allow merging and cars on the closed lane should match the speed of the other cars and safely merge as late as possible .
if all is done correctly it will allow for the fastest flow of traffic .
not allowing cars to merge or racing to the end of the closed lane only to come to a complete halt before merging are the two most time wasteful maneuvers for everyone involved .
i want to first play with that hair ... nothing like the feeling of a nice fluff where it should be .
then i would slide down and gently kiss those beautiful mounds surrounding that glorious pussy .
i 'd lick until you begged me to stop .
i was fine with my bad posture in my teens but now i very much feel it catching up with me .
i do n't see why your monitor would n't fit behind the keyboard maybe even prop it up on some books or boxes if you 're not very short so you 're not looking down all the time .
after 25 years of drinking till drunk every single fucking day ...
after attempt after attempt after attempt to find some way to control it '' ...
after watching my life slowly shrink until it was an endless boring cycle of work drink alone in a room blackout/sleep repeat ... for years ...
after all that i 'm really hoping that this time i have honestly truly taken step 1 acceptance once and for all .
i 'm only 3 months so still very vulnerable .
i 've got shit going on in my work and home life check my post history and i 'm only 5 days clean of painkillers after 15 years .
fear of boredom i felt when i was drinking ...
i 've done more interesting and enjoyable things in the last 3 months than i think i did in the previous 2 years .
even the fucked up bullshit things that have happened marriage problems i 'm taking on with a different attitude .
i cried and cried and raged and it 's not even close to over yet but i did n't just retreat into a bottle to hold on to the pain forevermore .
it hurts unbelievably some days some hours some minutes .
then like the weather those feelings float away and something else comes along .
to make me happy angry satisfied jealous proud nostalgic excited ... whatever .
and all that spare time '' i used to fear i 'd spend twiddling my thumbs white-knuckling it until the next day .
i 'll try a narcotics anonymous meeting for the first time .
i 'll play my drums just for 5 minutes .
i 'll try a variation on my spaghetti recipe oh too much bay .
or i 'll just fuck about on reddit just like i used to .
i 've done a fair amount in my 47 years .
i 've been inside the pyramids stood under seljalandsfoss in iceland been to the louvre paris .
i 've been in board meetings reporting to a billionaire .
i 've been flown by private plane to jobs for a day .
i 've had £1,000 left in my account while jobless on the wrong '' side of the planet .
how much more could it have been if i was n't drinking ?
so i do sometimes think what if ? '' .
it 's just so much better when i now think what if ...
i get the timer on my heater sorted out at last '' what if ...
i get my camera out and faff around with some artistic shots for a while '' what if ...
coming back this evening i wonder if this might be a bit of an example of the pink cloud '' eg http alcoholrehab.com/addiction-recovery/pink-cloud
i 'm complete noob looking for some resources how to edit music .
i want to edit some recording sessions of a band into an actual song .
i would need to get rid of all the talking and random shit and maybe add some instruments although the instrument part is n't essential .
i 'm not sure how easy or hard this is .
an example would of buddy holly 's song peggy sue got married .
they edited in the guitar and extra stuff after he died .
we have put up a vote on the ukcsgo website to see if people want us to keep up with the top 10 format or reduce it down to a more concise and tense top 5 .
i levelled my slayer skill i am now level 83 .
as the name implies spells in this school are meant to damage injure kill and all matters of harm .
there are many spells in this school and the greatest of destruction masters are said to be able to raze a single city within a single hour .
it should also be known that there are spells that inflict sun damage upon opponents tho some place such spells in the school of restoration .
berevar bero once proposed moving all destruction spells into the school of alteration but his request was denied .
in 3e 431 skingrad had become the best source of knowledge on destruction magic .
absorb fatigue http www.uesp.net/wiki/morrowind absorb_fatigue steals your opponents fatigue and adds it to your own .
simply force your magical energy into the opponent 's lungs and pull as much of it into your own body as you can .
absorb health http www.uesp.net/wiki/morrowind absorb_health steals your opponents health and adds it to your own .
pour your magic into the very cells of your opponent .
grab hold of only the newest and freshest cells and pull them into yourself
absorb magicka http www.uesp.net/wiki/morrowind absorb_magicka steals your opponents magicka pool and adds it to your own .
match your energy with his and then pull it into yourself .
unfortunately there is the risk that your opponent might attempt to do the same once your energys synch .
damage skill http www.uesp.net/wiki/morrowind damage_skill forces your opponent to become clumsy with different skills such as their personality and speechcraft .
pour your magical energies into different regions of their brain and crush it .
different regions of the brain will affect different skills .
damage attribute http www.uesp.net/wiki/morrowind damage_attribute damages things such as your opponents luck strength endurance etc .
few people have mastered this skill and it 's unknown how to cast it .
damage fatigue http www.uesp.net/wiki/morrowind damage_fatigue damage health http www.uesp.net/wiki/morrowind damage_health and damage magicka http www.uesp.net/wiki/morrowind damage_magicka damages your opponents fatigue magic and health .
refer to absorb fatigue health and magic but instead of absorbing it crush it !
disintegrate armor http www.uesp.net/wiki/morrowind disintegrate_armor and disintegrate weapon http www.uesp.net/wiki/morrowind disintegrate_weapon forces your opponents armor to go through the process of aging faster than normal .
it 's unknown how to cast this spell as few have mastered it .
fire damage http www.uesp.net/wiki/morrowind fire_damage inflicts fire to your opponent .
simply build up magic in your palm heat it up and release .
frost damage http www.uesp.net/wiki/morrowind frost_damage inflicts ice to your opponent .
simply build up magic in your palm lower the temperature and release it .
simply build up magic in your palm increase the wattage and then release it .
to inflict poison build up magic in your palm and infect it with damaged and infected blood cells or even with various bodily fluids and stomach acids then release it .
sun damage http www.uesp.net/wiki/morrowind sun_damage only works on the undead .
the sun is the largest hole leading to aetherius .
collect magic only from the sun and release it on your opponent
simply pour your magic into your opponents cells and destroy as many healthy cells they have as possible .
weakness to fire http www.uesp.net/wiki/morrowind weakness_to_fire weakness to frost http www.uesp.net/wiki/morrowind weakness_to_frost weakness to shock http www.uesp.net/wiki/morrowind weakness_to_shock weakness to magicka http www.uesp.net/wiki/morrowind weakness_to_magicka weakness to normal weapons http www.uesp.net/wiki/morrowind weakness_to_normal_weapons and weakness to poison http www.uesp.net/wiki/morrowind weakness_to_poison are rare spells and its unknown how to cast them .
proof of purchase http imgur.com/3ilxxol discount does n't show on the shipment page sadly
they have a great invite campaign going on right now signing up under my link https otakumode.com/invite/d60ca6 gets you 10 in credit which you can choose to spend on anything in the store !
for orders over 30 you can confirm your email for an extra 5 coupon .
they are also having another campaign where first time buyers have free shipping if the items they are ordering are over 30 if shipping from us warehouse or 50 if from japan .
fallout 4 https otakumode.com/shop/55b26d2fa5e4edca683e6cdb/fallout-4-ps4 will be 45 with free shipping .
pc version and xb1 version are also same price and can be discounted .
this person basically profits off of everything major that goes on in the world from new tech to major conflicts
this person basically profits off of everything major that goes on in the world from new tech to major conflicts
i was wondering if we can get legendary power armor from legendary enemy just like guns or armor piece ?
the legendary power armor piece i have get my hands on so far is the one from cambridge polymer labs spoiler i wonder if we will get other piece from legendary or quest .
afaik the sound bug is pretty widespread the other two are personal experience .
if anyone else experience this or other problems please share .
i am trying to find the artist/band who performs this track .
i tried shazam and a search including some of the lyrics with no results .
this morning i decided to unlock the p-06 as a bit of a joke because it sounds terrible but was pleasantly surprised .
i have n't seen any stats but it seems to be a one bullet kill for upper chest and head and the burst goes out very quickly .
once you get the hang of the charge time it becomes very easy to drag the scope up or across an enemies body dropping them unbelievably quickly .
it 's nice and easy to no scope too the three rounds stand a good chance of getting a one burst kill .
has anyone else found this sniper the easiest to use without aim assist and the weird ads mechanic ?
what ever happened to the church idea brought up in ep.245 ?
i would love to send my seed to the podcast .
on my opinion it was really underwhelming and not even really significant .
im in need of a ssgss goku or any other good accounts that is fresh please pm if you have one thanks !
this happily coincides with my first venture into double digits today is my tenth day way from pmo and all related things and i have to say it feels good .
i 'm also told that it 'll get easier from here on out .
will keep you posted on whether or not that 's the case .
in the world of the professor today is going to be a less stressful day than yesterday but by no means empty .
i 've got quite a few hours to spend at work and i am also for the first time ever going to the opera tonight .
in the meantime and in between time i 'll be assisting in the running of the barracks since our commander has taken an unfortunate fall .
as ever feel free to drop me a pm if you need to reach me .
you 'll also have noticed that the irc channel has been rolled out .
i 'll be sitting in there during my free time today ready to speak with any of you should you wish to drop by .
my hope is that the irc will see an increase in activity over the next few days .
lastly honor the fallen 68 brothers and sisters in arms who have laid down their lives for our cause over the past week .
both men are in the exact same physical and mental form however one is now missing a leg and the other is missing an arm .
i was at a reading and the lady said all of a sudden oh i hate men ! ''
i think it was supposed to be in reference to some feminist-y work of hers .
of course i took this as a direct threat to my boyfriend men '' and flew into a seething internal rage '' try me bitch '' .
i wound up leaving just a few minutes later .
hours later i was still fuming about the stupid old hag and how she had no fucking right to even look at him omg .
i ca n't go to a reading without blowing up internally but still .
so i have a r9 390 in a comp i just built .
i just want to make sure that the heat temps im seeing are ok .
i am playing games with maxed out settings and i simply am scared that the heat temps im seeing 77 degrees celsius is the hottest i 've seen http i.imgur.com/zztkzbk.jpg ? 1 is ok '' .
side note anyone know why it shows as a r9 290 when it is infact a r9 390 ?
anyway my cpu has temps nowhere near the gpu http i.imgur.com/bgluets.jpg ? 1 .
this bothers me as to why my gpu is so much hotter .
i use just heatsinks and fans on both no water cooling anywhere .
edit gpu generally sits around 74 under heavy load cpu pic shows under load already .
gpu sits around high 50 's low 60 's when not playing games
i played loads over the past 2 weeks have n't played for 3 days due to working too much looking at all these settlements i want to make a town where would the best place be to do that in your opinion ?
in terms of controls it 's quite similar to minesweeper .
from a gameplay perspective i think a 12x12 grid is optimal .
but being accurate enough to press the right one of the 144 buttons might be a hard on an iphone .
so i was thinking of using 12x12 only on ipads and releasing an 8x8 version for iphones .
would this break all the rules of good conduct and leave me as the laughing stock of ios developers ?
hi fellows just wrote this function yesterday but it does n't seem that pythonic to me .
so just giving a shot how would you refactor it ?
the idea is to convert strings such as hour minutes seconds or minutes seconds to seconds as integers .
for example 01:10:15 would become 4215 3600 600 15 and 3:07 would become 187 180 3 .
'' '' helper to convert strings 'hh mm ss ' to integer seconds '' '' ''
wondering if anyone has tested out the xp per hour with seedicide at aquanites after they got a buff .
for divine collections of spiritual gifts online primogiftsindia.com offers you to explore gifts for kids brothers sisters girlfriend and boyfriend .
get online delivery of cakes flowers and gifts for all occasion and festival .
and he got replaced by the mechanical batman jim gordon ?
so how is batman sitting on the mobius chair in jl ?
2 invite friends within this group and outside friends who do not kill vandals off too quickly..
3 always try to leave the mvp and final hits to the help caller..
4 for normal and rare vandals it is free-for-all to finish off at the 2:40 mark**..
5 for ultra-rares it is free-for-all to finish off with 5 mins remaining.. pls try to post your ultra rares within the hour when the ultra rares start appearing and pls hit others ' ultra rares with only 1 enclosure**..
6 help-callers are encouraged to finish off normal and rares just before the 30 min mark .
for ultra rares callers are encouraged to finish off after 50 mins..
7 pls hit others vandals at a minimum until when the vandals levels go higher adjust your hits accordingly .
sometimes the zoo setting on the player side was n't sync with the server therefore before you attack any vandal you could go to my zoo '' friends '' and then click search '' and recommended '' it forces a connection with the server .
and you 're almost 100 guaranteed that the zoo is updated .
so whatever you see after that will be what you will attack with .
if there 's any previous players whose names i 've missed out in the list please let me know.. also if u r inactive or know of anyone who is inactive please inform too..
if you wish to join us please leave behind your time zone user name user id and level i will add you to the list once i see it .
also keep your friend list at 29 so that you can receive new friend requests..
here is a pic of part of the top cola http i.imgur.com/mkhuaok.jpg
and here is a pic of one of the lower buds http i.imgur.com/tjyigel.jpg
do the lower buds seem closer to being ready and what should i do in this situation ?
so in the past my mother has known a few times when family members were in accidents .
she knew the moment my father fell a tree on his head and before that she saw my uncle 's motorcycle accident in a dream woke up and asked grandma to take her to the site of the accident but grandma would n't .
the next morning they discovered the accident had happened just like she had dreamed .
so about four hours ago i called my mom to tell her i 'd made it home safely .
she told me i just had a dream about you you 'd run your car off the hill and were hitchiking down . ''
so yeah before i told her about my accident which involved my car going off the bella coola hill aka freedom hill '' my mom told me she 'd just dreamed it .
it 's actually quite nice to know my mom is still that tuned in to my life .
just it 's three in the morning and i still do n't feel at all sleepy .
i picked up my xbox one over the weekend and i love it so far but all of a sudden i ca n't make any purchases .
the first day i was able to make a few purchases and redeem my download code for tomb raider but all of a sudden nothing .
i 've tried the free purchases such as killer instinct and a few free tv apps tenplay for example and every single time i get something went wrong '' .
i even tried to purchase odst for the master chief collection which is paid and that failed
so far i 've spoken to support a few times and attempted to reach them on twitter .
i 've done a hard reset i 've signed in and out of my console removed and re-added my payment methods .
i have also contacted my bank to verify there was n't anything else going on .
the only thing i have done is join the xbox rewards program could that have anything to do with it ?
i am a 21 years old in my 3rd year of my two year college degree .
i have fallen behind in every one of my classes .
yesterday i withdrew from my android app design class because of how far behind i have fallen .
in a few hours i have to go to my web design class my system analysis and design class and my applied database concepts class .
i do n't have a single assignment that is due today done .
i do n't even know if i want this degree .
even though i only need 3 classes to graduate .
i look like shit and i keep getting worse every day .
does n't stop me from eating three meals a day .
because i chose only to work on weekend mornings .
i can just let my parents pay for everything because i '' m in college .
i 've convinced myself i hate my friends because they 're assholes .
their conversations begin and end with joking insults that are just so tiresome and downright hurtful or stupid .
they talk as if they are living embodiments of 4chan .
which is why all my friends come from the mmospace .
i 'm addicted to video games and the internet .
everything i try to do productive with my life ends in failure because i could be playing video games instead .
all of my friends come from video games now .
i have become a full introvert without realizing it .
but i sit here in my pigsty of a room staring at this three day old club cracker 's box after the day i decided to eat a pound and a half of cheese and the entire box of crackers and to my right a couple of dinner plates after i decided to eat in my room so i could maximize my computer screen time .
behind me are all the clothes that are nice and neatly folded but on the floor and scattered everywhere because i 'm too lazy to put them in my drawers .
and all they did was make me realize that i will never be successful because i do n't have the drive for anything .
i have broken every rule i set for myself .
i ca n't even be content working for a low labor job at a fast food place anymore because my parents are paying for my education .
the fact that i 'm getting an education at all means that i 'm expected to use it .
i do n't know what i want to do with my life .
and even if i did i do n't think i could actually do it .
but i do n't know how to get off my ass and do things .
after all how can they beat the alternative of playing video games for a little while longer ?
we play at haggerston park amazing 4g brand new surface pitch .
kick off is 6pm and we play for 1 hour .
we are a friendly group of people playing for fun to keep our fitness up
if you want to join us please let me know and i will pass you the details
so i play on ps4 and play hardcore team and hardcore kill confirmed alot .
i seem to be lucky with care packages and get alot of cerberus but for some reason in most games my own teammates kill my cerberus .
i was on the extreme christian side and then on the extreme atheist side .
i 've also been in the more relaxed flexible stages of both but i never really agreed with or understood the points of each .
i 've gotten shit from some atheists for being stupid '' and shit from some christians for being a heathen '' .
both sides get really crazy and unpleasant when they want to be .
they are the same in a lot of ways which is really ironic .
i 've been in an in-between stage for a while and i 've been referring to myself as an agnostic .
which is true because i do n't know whether or not a god exists i 'm not afraid to admit that i do n't know and i 'm split down the middle when it comes to that .
however i 've noticed that i 've just stopped caring and life is more enjoyable when you 're not always thinking or debating about the probability of a god 's existence .
it 's easy to live life not worrying about it and honestly not caring .
it 's nice to see that other people kind of get it .
i do n't know i just wanted to get that off my chest
i posted another thread here https www.reddit.com/r/homenetworking/comments/3ssf6v/attempting_to_ssh_forces_vpn_to_disconnect about an issue with my vpn and forcing disconnects when i ssh but i 'm asking now about a separate but somewhat related issue .
goal to enable remote access via pptp vpn for my lab partner to connect to an asus rt-n16 access point on my lan to facilitate work on a semester project hosting git server on asus rt-n16 ap using optware if anyone is wondering .
issue when connected to my home network lan via a pptp vpn we can not ping or ssh into devices that are on the lan using their lan ip .
i know the devices are online because i can access them from the wan using ddns .
when i am physically at my apartment and therefore on my lan everything works without issue .
i 'm not sure what the issue is with the vpn .
asus rt-n16 ap ethernet raspberry pi wifi and ethernet wireless printer wifi connect to
asus rt-n66r gateway pptp vpn and ddns server connects to
connect to my vpn using different networks work university lab partner 's network and mobile hotspot .
verify lan ip is properly assigned and can ping gateway and back out to wan but ca n't ping devices behind the lan .
enabled port forwarding on the requisite ssh port so that i can at least access the device from the wan using my ddns .
this works fine and is how i know the device is still online .
for instance i have ssh p 7777 username myddnsnameiswhatever.com and it works just fine .
he mentioned that i 'd need to ip forward and/or port forward .
other info i 'm at work right now testing some ideas but nothing seems to work .
i tried disabling the gateway firewall temporarily but that did n't solve anything .
i 'm using the asuswrt-merlin firmware on my rt-n66r gateway if that helps any .
i 'm not sure what option i am looking for port forward ?
i 'd appreciate any help with this since we 're stuck dead in the water during thanksgiving break with working on this project if we ca n't get this working .
thanks again and please let me know if any info is missing and i will update this post .
there was a lot of hype about it but not a single article covered anything about it .
i liked new vegas but the thing i hate the most is games being too easy but i watched some gifs of people with unlimited capacity weapons and whatnot one shotting legendary deathclaws/etc .
so basically my boyfriends only ever came twice with me .
we 've only ever had sex around 10 or so times over 4 or 5 days and i was a virgin before him .
i 'm also kind of disabled i 'm not really limited with movement but i get worn out easily and my body aches/hurts a lot more than is normal .
he overwhelms me pretty quickly and if i 'm not overwhelmed then eventually my body gives out .
this is normally after and hour or so but sometime sooner .
basically i 'm not sure if his not cumming is my fault or not .
maybe 'my fault ' sounds a bit to negative but it gets across my meaning is he not cumming because i give up too soon ?
or is it possible that it 's on his end ?
he 's never complained about it and most of the time after sex he takes care of himself but even then he 's only finished once .
this may have been discussed before but i could n't find anything recent and things are always coming and going from the market !
so i 'm looking for recommendations for hard cases for rifles .
something that is fairly thick because i often have trouble closing my current hard cases on anything thicker than a 22 .
a pelican case is out of the price range .
i 'd like to stick around 60 if possible .
i 'm asking because i have n't found anything i like in a store in my area although a guide series at gander mountain is the best i 've seen and i 'd like to hear some first-hand knowledge before i order something off the 'net .
i 'd really love to watch them but ca n't seem to find any in youtube other than a few best bits '' here and there .
1 i use an iphone and the app has been very slow or even stuck lately and nothing else on my phone is .
has anyone else had this experience and what did you do to solve the problem ?
2 today i have noticed my calories burned actually decreasing instead of increasing .
the property was built around 1950 no upgrades done since then .
the property has a slab foundation instead of a crawl space
since no plumbing work was ever done it would likely mean that we would have to replace all the pipes .
i 've read that sometimes pipes are routed underneath or through the slab foundation
would this cost considerably more now that it is a slab foundation instead of a crawl space ?
is it possible at all to determine if the pipes are run through the foundation which would require excavation and more cost to add replace new pipes ?
it does n't have a gas dryer hookup so i assume a new line would need to be added .
can it just be hooked up '' or do we have to tunnel all the way to where the gas main enters ?
we would ideally like to add a second bathroom a couple years down the line would it be more difficult since the pipes may be underneath the foundation ?
i 've heard it 's not really a concern that we can seal it and as long as paint is n't chipping it 's not a big deal .
but it still lingers at the back of my head
same goes for asbestos would it be difficult/expensive to remove this as well if there is any ?
if this is n't the right place to ask questions i 'm so sorry !
could you please direct me to a place where i can ask ?
hello o i 'm trying to create an article to get everyone up to speed on the server .
we also would love to see everyone post on this thread with how you feel about the wipe and any single thought you have that may improve the server .
first and foremost the server has seen low population numbers lately and has seen multiple tribes being banned or removed which lead to a lot of empty bases unclaimed dino 's and slower server side performance .
the low numbers is resulting in a very empty world which is lending to a quite boring time zzz .
the purpose of the wipe is to bring a whole new set of players in while still keeping all of those who are vets to hopefully stay .
coast guards will be staying and will not be building on carno island due to a new rule set in motion .
we hope all of the funkark veterans return to have a blast and really bring the server back into full swing .
the next topic is the public opinion it seems everyone feels a little rough about the wipe being so short notice this is mainly because the population is so low and the server is having a hard time finding funding this server is not free and thelonius is most likely the one footing the bill to keep us happy and playing .
if we can draw a new crowd in and turn them into permanent players they may possibly donate and take some load away from thelonious .
so to keep you guys interested we would love to see idea 's and thoughts on how you feel about everything !
without you guys giving feedback things will not change .
so please throw em out there so we can see d .
does anyone have any mods they would like to see ?
thelonious and pooby are working on a few they may be adding and we would also like your opinion .
i actually happen to be fond a few myself http steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails ? id=514701120 gas refining forge .
the mods we are aiming to add are beneficial but not over board and wont break or slow the game performance .
please consider we can not have every mod you guys would want so if someone posts a mod you like please up vote so we can tell what is becoming popular !
and sorry for the long post with many errors p
the purpose of the question is to invoke thought there can really be no right or wrong answer .
i think we fail at this addiction for a few reasons .
one being that the addiction is a secret one .
we have the opportunity to bring it wherever we go .
normally with an addiction one has to actually leave their residence and purchase something in order to get high .
thats also why i feel that this addiction is one of the most difficult kinds .
i can remember when i came clean to my brothers .
i explained everything and they were compassionate accepting and understanding .
of course they were they had also suffered similar issues .
coming clean was one of the first steps i took to recovery .
but in the end no one else can stop you it must come from inside you .
the other reason i feel we succumb to this weakness is self esteem .
we do n't hold ourselves highly enough to think that we deserve better .
in a sense the overwhelming number of youth thinking that pmo is normal probably has low self-esteem .
i 'm just me who cares ? what does it matter if i run myself down to the lowest depths of thinking and feeling i 'm not important. these are thoughts i have had and believed them deeply .
it was n't for a long time that i realized my pmo effected everyone i interacted with .
i was curt sharp tongued argumentative a downright asshole .
excessive pmo made me feel low because thats exactly what it does thats the normal side effect .
we must experience enough of the pain before we understand who we really are which is pure energy pure light .
when we realize how great each of us really is we can start to take responsibly for our actions .
we can see how our actions affect those around us because everyone around us looks up to us in one way or another its true .
some look up to us for our humor some see us with a strong work ethic and wonder how to pick up on that or others may re-enact our demeanor when we are at our best .
when we stay focused and attain right living right thought and right action we become what most would define as noble courageous .
we actually defy what culture is telling us is normal .
in a way we are stubborn saying no to the norm but those wallowing in the norm see us and wonder how they do it just like we wondered how our role models did it .
become something great its really not that hard to do .
once you understand that greatness is your natural state then all thats left to do is act on it .
we play on a med pop server and take also english speaking players on .
we are a pure survival clan if you are interested add me http steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198179161242
i 'm currently in a pm course and my current assignment is to ask a project manager their experience with teamwork .
if i could get one person to answer the questions with just a couple of sentences per question or point form that would be great .
being specific to your own experience and industry would be cool .
what is your definition of a 'high performing ' team ?
how do you get the best performance from your teams ?
if there is value are there any barriers you have had to overcome ?
i 've been following this subreddit for a while and got my first pen the metropolitan m a while ago .
due to some circumstances i could n't buy a bottle of ink yet until now !
i 'm basically going to buy these for college .
i closed on 3 inks iroshizuku asa-gao aurora black and noodler 's apache sunset i plan on using the black for my metropolitan anyone know how this would fare ?
my budget for the pens are around 40 50 .
paper for now is n't a problem will buy some rhodia and clairefontaine .
but yea i originally thought of tswbi eco ca n't decide between ef f or m and a jinhao x750 but recently i saw the kaweco classic sport .
so if you could help me decide that would be great .
i closed on the twsbi but not the others .
tldr need help choosing between jinhao x750 or kaweco sport and choosing nib sizes for all the pens .
to join add your gamertag to the game lobby here https www.the100.io/quick_join/g2bcor7dcbq https www.the100.io/quick_join/g2bcor7dcbq
or you can reply to me here on reddit .
i 'll send invites on a first come first serve basis .
you can also use the chat on the game lobby page to communicate with me .
i realize that grodin isnt that useful but i like skilling things up when they come around and there isnt much else i need to spend stam on right now so wondering if there were stats on be place to farm then gungir skillup preferably without having to evo the mob ?
is the drop guaranteed in master or should i stick to legendary/mythical ?
i made it this far i do n't even think about smoking i have no cravings i am not turning back now .
going to do this the really shitty reddit way instead of actually properly polling lol
winner gets to be the name of my transport companies in ets2 and is also the prettiest girl today forever
to those of you complaining about a lack of transparency from these guys ignorance on the devs ' part of gamebreaking bugs while they at the same time invent new ways to take your money ... please know that it will never change .
i played star wars galaxies from release made by sony online entertainment and can tell you firsthand that half of the shit i read on this reddit could be copypasted from swg forums circa 2003 .
they went for years ignoring player feedback even in one instance picking up a huge group of protesting players and dropping them from the sky in response to their protest .
because it was star wars many of us stuck around in spite of these evil people running the game building homes and villages forming tight alliances and bonds .
and then in 2005 soe decides that their numbers are n't keeping up with wow and completely wipe everything .
all that we had built and worked for poof flash .
in place of the old game was a weak ass wow clone intended to compete with the growing juggernaut .
new game experience '' was what they called it .
they went from a few hundred thousand subscribers to 10,000 as even the most hardcore longsuffering of fans quit moved on etc .
i am writing this as someone who recently purchased h1z1 without really looking into it too much so i could play with a friend .
looking for something set during an epidemic/pandemic something believable if its not hugely realistic .
hi i can currently do 12 chin ups 30 second l sit and multiple archer push ups but single limbed movements are completely out of my reach .
i am 78kg about 18-19 bf at 5'10 19 years of age .
currently cutting for a month during my exam period to lower bf
gain strength as rapidly as possible so as to reap the noob muscular gains that come with the neurological adaption .
1 g2g one armed push ups at knee height 2 reps per arm per hour and assisted finger subtraction method index and middle finger one arm chin ups alternating reps doing 3 reps per arm per hour
4-4-4 reps very variation 2 minute rest 3-3-3 2 minute rest and so on until 1 rep per variation
in case of pull ups wide pull ups close chin ups close pull ups 3 reps of each variation
in case of push ups hip push ups diamond normal ones
progressively adding 1kg of salt to my diy weighted vest and with time 0.5kg upon every workout as overloading stimulus
any form of guidance assistance affirmation help and whatever have you would be much appreciated by yours truly .
add basedtym or leave psn class and light level below
i ca n't seem to recall the size of the flame though .
remember to sort this thread by new to find the latest comments ! !
2 c 2l w 2 rw 2 f 4 d 2 g 5 bench 1 ir
please note this really should n't be rate my trade '' as you should ask before you pull the trigger if you really are worried .
if you have a pool of fas you 're looking at take a screenshot and post it .
do n't just ask who should i replace this person with ? ! ? ! ? ''
without listing the exact players you 're looking at .
it 's never a problem to ask others for advice .
it 's up to you whether to take that advice or not .
if you can think of anything else to add please include it .
if you do not provide helpful comments then it will be removed .
the following users have helped the most people in this thread
the following posts have gone unanswered in this thread .
would you like your post to be at the top of the list ?
remember that the table is sorted by those that have helped the most other users .
user helped in thread helped in all threads direct link
hello guys i 'm trading cs go dh cluj-napoca pins in return for keys or skins .
all prices are negotiable but please keep it fair .
i can provide any kind of additional proof like writing your name next to them or any request you might have .
i am trying to rebuild my inventory and the last thing i need is a scam .
i will however accept a middleman from this subreddit .
i 'm planning on raising money for charity by running a half marathon but can comfortably run the distance so i want to set myself a time target to encourage people to donate .
does anyone have any experience/recommendations for the best way to do this ?
long time ago since this monitor asus mx mx25aq was released but no professional review about it .i mean when you look to the specifications with the price for 1440p monitor its really a good deal but again i am wondering why most of reviewers ignore it and and leave it in the dark corner of the room !
.i came to reddit to get more information but i did n't get any respond it surprised me !
i 've been looking high and low but i think my search started about a week too late .
i 'm starting to think nh may be my only option but who knows when they 'll get it and its fcfs .
the latvian fork has a glorious potato at the end !
modified 2-pronger has a gear that twists and makes it longer
the bombfork throw it at op and wait for the boom !
i just have the normal version and still cant play wtf
i have installed tails on a usb and configured a persistent volume which did not ask me what type of data i want to store in there .
then the laptop automatically restarts and i get the login menu .
when i type in my persistent password it tells me its incorrect i 'm pretty sure it is ! .
and when i try to launch it without persistent volume to try and delete it gets stuck on a blue screen not the blue screen
it 's seriously embarrassing i hope the cs go dev team does n't come to the sub reddit too often .
umm can you have the ability to adjust the pitch of the clicking sound effect ?
i do n't like that when i take out my shadow daggers my cursor moves 3 pixels even though i do n't need that precision with my knife out anyways.
the muzzle flare on my negev is too big in the first person view i ca n't see my enemies ''
you guys either need to think for a second if it even matters or will effect anything .
do n't just post something for some free karma .
characters present eva richard james ernest thomas mark and mathilda .
richard as the title of this ... thing ... says we are fictional characters from an in-progress story .
u/spookyb0ss is doin ' this ter get a feel for how we 'd talk an ' interact i believe .
james oh you could try and figure out what kind of people we are from our responses .
mark they ai n't gon na figure out anythin ' 'bout thomas .
the abc promo department paid a nice little tribute to a promo from the third season of lost .
i hope i 'm not the only one who noticed this .
i dunno about you guys but i think we could use some appreciation up in here .
it 's a tough world out here with everyone battling all the time .
however it 's nice to take a break from our mongolian dogfighting simulators once in a while and just appreciate the community we have here .
that one funny genies of a healthy meta '' pic
also do n't forget to check out the irc channel if you want more casual discussion !
this week we 're appreciating probably the most underrated pokemon in vgc jellicent is both an almost full stop to chalk along with being a very pretty pink pokemon .
this is an automatic summary original http www.nationalobserver.com/2015/11/16/news/turks-rally-coal-free-future-first-day-g20 reduced by 73 .
residents of the coal city of zonguldak and the surrounding region are protesting against the high levels of local air pollution and resulting ill effects on human health the result of two coal power plants in the nearby town of ccedil atalağzı .
the crisis is set to deepen if the turkish government approves construction of a further 14 new coal power plants slated for the zonguldak area which includes 78 km of black sea coastline .
during his speech orhan said that coal power plants and their greenhouse gas emissions are a major contributor to climate change as well as causing regional air and water pollution that harm human health .
fossil fuel development in turkey is set to skyrocket as the government in ankara is handing out more tax breaks for coal power than any other oecd nation .
china is also set to roll out a national carbon cap-and-trade program which will bring it into line with the u.s. 039 s recently announced clean power plan to cut emissions 32 per cent by 2030 .
in 2013 the government of ontario shuttered its last remaining coal-fired power plants in 2013 cutting greenhouse gas emissions and drastically improving air quality in that province .
summary source http smmry.com/http www.nationalobserver.com/2015/11/16/news/turks-rally-coal-free-future-first-day-g20 faq http www.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot version 1.6 11834 summaries so far . ''
theory http www.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31bfht/theory_autotldr_concept feedback http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 23autotldr pms and comment replies are read by the bot admin constructive feedback is welcome . ''
top five keywords emission 1 coal 2 power 3 climate 4 cent 5
post found in r/turkey http np.reddit.com/r/turkey/comments/3t4sid/turks_rally_for_coalfree_future_on_first_day_of and r/environment http np.reddit.com/r/environment/comments/3t4ukk/people_in_the_heart_of_turkeys_coal_country_are .
notice this thread is for discussing the submission topic only .
do not discuss the concept of the autotldr http www.reddit.com/user/autotldr bot here .
i have no idea why it is taking so long to receive a refund .
i sent my nexus 5x back due to the cosmetic imperfections after owning the phone for 4 days see post listed on bottom of page .
according to ups tracking the phone was successfully delivered and signed for on november 2nd .
on november 4th i have emailed the nexus support to see if they have received it they said no and to expect a refund within 14 business days .
i thought thats fine i was just being a bit impatient .
7 days later on november 11 i emailed again asking the status .
the phone still was not received by their warehouse which is why they can not process the refund even after i gave tracking numbers that states the package was successfully signed for on november 2nd .
again the representative informed me that they will refund me within 14 business days .
today is november 17th and still i have not received any refund or any indicator that they have received the phone .
why is it taking so long to receive '' the phone .
i was already given a bad taste in the mouth when i was denied a replacement device for a manufacture defect '' that has happened to a phone that has only been owned for 4 days .
i expected to use the money that i were to be refunded to purchase a nexus 6p but i still have not received anything back .
after this i do n't think i will be purchasing anything directly from the google play store in terms of hardware if it is this hard to process a return .
link to the defects '' i referred to earlier on in this post
the rep within live chat said what happened was our system did n't detect the tracking that was on your return shipping label which is why it did n't show as received . ''
my device was just sitting in their warehouse the whole time .
on a plus side the rep processed the refund right after the chat and said it will be transferred to my bank account 1-14 business days another wait but at least i know it has been processed now
as a bonus the rep gave me a 10 google play credit for the inconvenience which is something .
i played the beta with few issues but for some reason the game will launch and the window will pop up and it will briefly flash white like the menu is getting minimized but the window stays open but it is black .
my cursor is still there i can move it and hear the menu music and press a key to start but no video shows up and i cant do anything past the first button which i assume is push enter to begin ''
i have tried all of the listed fixes my drivers are up to date nvidia game ready drivers i reinstalled origin i repaired the game i 've restarted my computer the whole nine yards .
i am using windows 10 so i ca n't do the service pack 1 thing for win 7 .
i have also put the novid noborder windowed thing in and disabled in-game origin and nothing has worked .
the ea site has no fixes outside of these so if anyone has had the same issue and got around it i would be really interested in your method .
this has been a really infuriating process so any help would be really welcome .
in other words if the revelations that mormons belive in is right do you also believe muhammad also was right ?
holy moly i hit the holy grail of epiphone guitars .
i 've been eyeballing this beauty since they announced it a year ago and decided to finally pull the trigger .
it 's lee malia 's from bring me the horizon signature series guitar .
it 's based off the gibson artisan from the 1970s .
it has the gibson usa p-94 in the neck and a customized gibson usa 84t-lm humbucker in the bridge .
the guitar is not chambered and all of 10 pounds .
let me tell you this is one of the nicest guitars i 've ever owned .
i 've had probably 20 or so guitars in my humble 15 years of playing and this is one of the best .
i always considered epiphone to be kind of a dirty word .
this baby plays and sounds better than my gibson sg .
i 'm a sucker for vintage style and a wood finished guitar .
and if you get the chance you should try one out .
i 've finally found a safety course that targets bow hunting more so than rifle hunting i ca n't own a gun for reasons in my past .
i 've signed up and i start next week .
i just have some questions that probably have been answered a thousand time but
what supplies do i need for out in the field ?
what do i need for my home to make hunting easier ?
if not what kind of blind should i use ?
is field dressing an animal as bad as it looks on video ?
what are the steps i take after the shot ?
should i be looking to save up more or is this a good amount for a starter ?
here it is take a look if you have n't read yet
same trick is played by following exactly the same scheme
1 an attack by a group of muslim is carried out against western people .
2 muslims start telling the attackers are n't real muslim we are !
we condemn these attacks we will be on the streets !
3 and also state that these attacks targeted muslims living in western societies which attackers want to segregate from to have them join as extremists so the real victims are the real muslims ourselves !
4 result the western people are expected to embrace muslim lifestyles more to fight against islamic extremism !
in a way muslims managed to have more legitimity in western countries by playing the victim .
this fucking trick is always replayed and westerns always take this bait i ca n't believe .
i wonder how dreams turn out for people who bombard their dream entities with questions .
interesting answers upset entities plot twists tell it all .
also let know in case you get asked a lot in your dreams .
went to perform some upgrades at sunshine tidings and barely witnessed this out-of-this-world event https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=lizedkj5b-a
was just looking at the season totals and was surprised to see gronk so high .
he 's also 5 in receiving yds/game and tied for 3 in total tds with 8 odell also has 8 eifert has 9 and devonta has something like 11 total tds .
what do people think about his potential ros with all the patriots injuries ?
in the giants game it seemed like edelman going out allowed the giants to focus more on gronk but he still got free for the gigantic td .
will he have to stay in more to help blocking or will he become a bigger focal point of the offense ?
ive never played a final fantasy game except for the final fantasy 8 demo which i loved !
is there anything i should know about this game ?
i 'm literally looking for a new fotm class but i refuse to read the links of the changes to classes on mmo champ blue posts and every other wow related website .
do n't mind me i 'm 1380 in 2s .
hey guys i 'm the leader of my schools band .
it 's me our drummer our keyboardist and the bassist .
he was taking lessons and then for some reason quit .
he still plays bass and everything but ever since he quit lessons he rarely practices our songs and practices just what he wants .
it 's hard to get him to be enthusiastic and ready for our practices and i 'm scared he 's going to lose all interest in his instrument and drop out of the band .
have any of you had any experience with a situation like this ?
i 'm pretty new to this subreddit and you guys must get this a lot so i apologize in advance .
i 'm 20 years old and i 'm seriously thinking about moving and living in ireland after i graduate college .
i 'd like to know how the job market is outside of dublin .
is there anything i need to know that most foreigners do n't before i give this anymore consideration ?
if these are tough questions to answer directly then if you could give me the places to find answers to my questions i would very much appreciate it .
i can guess what some of them are but others ...
is there a way to sort by bond level ?
so during angry koala there was this thing where if you went underground the background music would gradually fade until you reached a certain point then it would stop completely and you were left with an eerie silence .
during one of the giraffes this was changed so that it only happened at the core layer however recently i 've noticed that it 's missing in the most recent stable version .
it may have been a limitation in the code that got fixed but i really miss it .
tried mobizen but ca n't hit start '' because that part of the screen does n't work .
i was checking my battery usage and i was surprised to see this unknown process 99307 using my battery .
going into the details of the process did n't give me the exclamation mark option to view the process settings in the apps menu .
i 'm using a rooted nexus 6p stock rom with the latest version and security patch .
me and a couple of friends been saving and planning for quite some time this trip to the us we got vip tickets to get the most out of this experience since most majors are held in europe and for now that 's out of our reach .
we are really hyped for meeting the pros and hangout with all the content creators like thewarowl .
for those who been in other majors any tips or what to expect ?
i have been an evernote power user for the past 5 years .
over the course of this years i experienced evernote both on work and on my personal business however i have recently seen that onenote seem to be much more attractive at least in several pictures and examples .
i am a project manager with quite a heavy work load i have several notebooks under my work main notebook .
i take notes on meetings keep my day to day to do lists and keep pictures of my whiteboards .
personally i use it to take care of my home finances important family and personal data and travel .
i can see that onenote does this and more but i would love to hear from their users the experience and if any of you have been previous evernote users how the migrating experience was ?
i work at a bar in the states and as a fan of aussie rules i would love to get a game of the week promo going here to show a recorded game with good australian beer available not fosters ... as that seems to be the only australian beer on sale here .
i found one distributor that sells coopers ... what 's your opinion on that brew .
also any tips from aussie ex-pats that know how to get a traditional homebrew carlton vb tooheys etc .
i may not have been clear ... one of the biggest problems is that australian beer is very difficult to find .
i 've been across the pacific before so drank plenty of carlton mid during my visit to the mcg ... got familiar with a few of the other large brands as well but none seem to be available even in a large city .
despite the whole movie not even needing a damn romantic subplot .
and that 's exactly why i was always so excited to see my father for a few weeks a year as a kid
unfortunately your account does not have enough karma to submit things to r/videos at this time .
r/videos requires users to have a minimum of 10 link and 10 comment karma .
we suggest that you comment in some popular threads and make submissions to other subreddits to build up your karma and then come back .
we are sorry for any inconvenience caused and look forward to your submissions in the future .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/videos if you have any questions or concerns .
had the same thing happen to us last weekend i have a recording ... it put one of our guys on their team and gave one of the enemy guys to our team .
i actually died in one round and it was so weird having one of the guys that had been the enemy for a couple rounds now on my side reviving me ...
if anyone has a decent hammock with underquilt that they would be willing to trade please let me know !
they 're looking to trade the hammock for a cheaper hammock under quilt .
not sure if they 're trying to trade the whole hammock/tarp system or just the hammock but yeah ... confusing .
he/she should just pony up for an underquilt for the sweet hammock .
at-at glitch is still present at least on hoth just had it happen .
if you live through the full time-cycle in the at-at and it puts you back on the ground you are in godmode .
yeah i was out in the streets during that time haha .
the tahrir protest was safe since they had security forces and army on their side but i was protesting the coup so as you can imagine there was a lot of people trying to kill us .
the f-35 is infinitely superior to the a-10 though which is the most shot down plane in the iraq wars .
and yet that 's pretty much all russia and france have done
obama ran and hid from iraq causing this entire isis mess .
now he 's hoping it does n't get worse before his term is up .
get that hope and change out of your mouth you are choking on it .
lock up ya daughter lock up up ya wife lock up ya back door and run for ya life ...
that 's exactly the problem with the industry sadly .
i have n't made a career out of it because i 'm too passionate about actual health and fitness to milk people out of their money .
i 'll stick to tech where i can totally geek out and still pay the bills
its the camera lens moving most phones make this noise my old m8 as well as my sisters iphone both have the lens rattle .
you 're going to be disappointed when your rma also does it
excellent thanks aaron looks like this should work pretty well .
has anyone gotten a decent roll on their cloak ?
i plan to farm the shit out of this and am curious for excitement sake .
beyond getting your wife a psych evaluation for things you need to take an even bigger look at things here .
your child whether you know it or not will pick up on things by both of you .
even if your child can cognitively see that his/her mother is kind of batshit this behavior will be ingrained and manifest itself in the teenage and gasp adult years .
your child needs to see that the occasional boo boo is perfectly fine and not something to make the world about .
while i understand your worry for the child 's physical health i 'd be more worried about the mental health down the line .
i 've seen plenty of adolescent kids picking up their parents ' traits over the years family members friends ' kids etc .
and it 's quite disturbing to see little mini-me 's displaying the worst functions from their progenitors .
it 's been 13 months and quit the emotional roller coaster but mentally i was done with the navy long ago .
save up your money after graduation work hard and budget your money and you 'll be able to travel a few years down the road .
i studied abroad got the travel bug and went on a few more overseas trips after graduating on my own dime .
study abroad was fun but traveling abroad with no work or school to worry about is even better .
i also think he did but he had some sentences that were a bit dogmatic .
americans are taught this history to ensure the next time another people face their possible destruction the public will not act with such carelessness .
and yet this same story is happening again right now and we are reacting with much the same carelessness ...
when we say 'never again ' it has to mean for anyone . ''
i 'm still in college but i 'm also putting together my book .
i 've heard from teachers and professionals that a creative book should ideally have 10 good campaigns see concept and idea-driven campaigns .
but also what you do n't put in your book is as important as what you do .
your portfolio is only good as your weakest campaign .
the internship gets you in the door for an interview and your book gets you a job .
for your book avoid cliche products like condoms and hot sauce .
banks water things that are generally hard to differentiate .
hookup with your ad buddy or someone in the same boat creatively but design-driven .
or if you 're feeling adventurous give layout and design a try yourself .
copywriters use words but they also need to be able to communicate ideas visually as well .
i liked that storyline it was divergent from the main cast and offered some really interesting characters and issues
easy to take care of though just pour concrete mix into your desktop and nobody will ever hack your secret cat videos !
i 'm trying to find out what you think our obligation is outside of saying that i 'm wrong .
there 's no indication of how many refugees are secret terrorists and no indication that stopping the refugees from coming in will stop the terrorists either .
saying we have to keep them out to protect our citizens is one thing but is there any evidence that keeping them out reduces the risk to citizens at all ?
counterpoint turning refugees away increases resentment in muslim countries against the west which increases the number of recruits daesh gets which makes americans less safe .
unless you 're analyzing the book and scouring for certain things 100 pages in an hour is definitely doable !
try it next time you decide to read for pleasure no distractions background music/noise is cool if that 's your thing and time an hour or when you hit 100 pages from your starting point .
you 'll be surprised by how much you actually got through .
unless you 're just generally a slow reader in which case that will just reaffirm your suspicion of that haha but hopefully you 're not !
i am just glad that the taxes i pay are helping someone .
reading this made me a little upset that people panhandle around where i live .
it seems to me more and more that it 's an issue with mental illness among other things that keep homeless patriots homeless .
not a lack of funding or a lack of help .
it 's a slippery pessimistic slide thinking that i should n't help .
because helping themselves is the only way they will help themselves .
i 'll just keep paying taxes i suppose and tell homeless people where the closest shelter is and feel like a shit bag for not helping them more .
putin has a new ratings boosting game on now in syria .
and with oil prices so low he ca n't afford to support two full-scale conflicts .
the ukrainian adventure has played itself out anyway and has been milked dry in terms of propaganda bold new horizons await .
that leaves a whole bunch of rebels in the lurch but hey such is life .
not treating the actions of less than 1 of a 1.6 billion person population as the actions of the entire population .
but i was upgrading some armor with motes and when i switched back to use them it was on my whole stack of exotic shards all 171 of them .
it 's odd that an entire stack can be deleted quicker than an exotic item .
i guess i never noticed the stuff in your inventory changes places randomly .
i saw that sold out deal for unlimited for 100/yr that was sold out and thought i might wait on it .
i did and there is a animated banner and side ad and related story ad at the bottom of the article .
i imagine that the vid that is trying to load prob has an ad in it too .
i do n't know what in anything that i 've said made you think about social justice .
there are reasons to use some words rather than other that have nothing to do with being politically correct .
as the warm air hits the colder air mass it gradually shifts itself over the top creating these stratiform clouds .
if it were a cold front it would come through all crazy-like fucking up the warmer air mass 's day and launching up into the air creating cumulus clouds with vertical development .
sorry for the editorializing that 's just how i remembered stuff in school .
reading this i am reminded of the phrase that simple minds need simple explanations ''
the reason why our economic base grows is because of population diversity .
no the reason our economy grows has to do with economic freedom individual liberty even private property rights .
the simple act of being diverse does n't drive an economy and i can prove that by comparing chad to singapore .
diversity does give a positive advantage but it is not the power source you claim it to be .
if you want to measure american power by its economy you do n't have to look any farther than diversity .
singapore is not very diverse but their economy is booming .
they just so happen to have a freedom index score of 89.4 http www.heritage.org/index/country/singapore while chad scores 45.9 http www.heritage.org/index/country/chad .
chad is the most diverse country in the world .
edit downvoting and then not saying anything pretty much proves how willing liberals are to backup their claims when they are put to the test .
i just proved this guy wrong yet he 's got upvotes because what he 's saying just feels good to say .
i think any season where the winner is clear from so far away is n't typically great brian kim rich yul and the rob who does n't suck were all too good for their season and thus their season is n't competitve or looked back upon very well because of that .
what if sansa sets littlefinger on fire and pushes him off the walls of winterfell and he lands on a wighted wunwun that would be neat and highly improbably .
was extremely intense but i 'm not sure if they actually expected me to not know what i was walking into .
as soon as i listened to the holotape i knew ...
yes but i do like taking care of him but it 's just sad that he does n't really do the same .
which i do n't think is an issue but sometimes i just need to be taken care of too you know ?
strange the recall i got in the mail had a map of the country and showed ohio as one of the highlighted states for the recall .
i do live in cleveland so maybe it was only northern ohio .
i originally took it in back in may so i do n't remember exactly .
i was a new grad as of 8 months ago .
if this does n't apply i 've teleported 30 years into the past and now hate my life .
if you find companies that care about grades you need to run like hell even if it 's your so-called dream company .
a dream company does n't judge you by your grades .
none of the companies i dreamed about working for ever did that well except for google for internships but i hear recently they moved away from that policy had a policy where they would discriminate against candidates with bad grades .
edit grades do not paint the full picture far from it actually .
the games against the panthers and packers will be tough for their defense .
as a blue jackets fan your welcome for all your cups and btw that clock should have stopped at the end of the third ! ...
glad a jackets fan did something first before a kings fan though !
vs fighters can become unfun if there is a massive skill gap and the better is n't willing to handicap themselves or avoid using their main .
i 'm so glad i thought to try on the clothes !
i was ready to spend a lot of money that i do n't really have right now over thanksgiving weekend on new stuff that fit .
probably unrelated but can you verify that your account payments are current ?
that 's the point we 're sacrificing resources that could go to poor americans for poor foreigners .
this is interesting it 's like a north american version of mate !
i was just looking at misiones province and sri lanka the other day and was astonished at how much land cover is devoted to tea and mate so anything that helps take the strain off of those markets is definitely a great idea !
give me selanne over kane and i am on board .
i wrote a status an acquaintance wrote a reply that mentioned another acquaintance and then the next day a friend of mine texted me to say that a group of people from my fb went to her because they were too scared to come to me and asked that she get me to delete the comment because it was cyber bullying and really offensive .
and i was just like you know what this is dumb .
if one of the people who actually found it offensive had just said hey delete this '' it would n't have bothered me but the idea that a group of some people went to a friend because they could n't actually come to me and ask me to do it themselves i was like this is childish and stupid and facebook is the worst .
my pc started to offload everything to virtual memory after i got the power armor .
hdd usage went to 100 and the game became unplayable .
i already upgraded to 4 gb maxing out my mobo limit but i 'm still curious what you 've done to make it work .
if something is not yet explained that does not mean that it 's a ghost or an alien .
that just means it 's ... not yet explained .
in summary if we just have a creepy video that science ca n't explain you still ca n't just say therefore it 's a ghost and not accepting that is close-minded ! '' .
well see i agree with you there for the most part that in a sense steven does not fit the role of flowey at all .
but the problem is is that there is no other position for him in this story in that case .
as i put above connie is the main character in this story .
greg and rose are the king and queen of the underground .
steven got the short straw in this one so he has to be flowey/asriel .
as for what corrupted him well that can go up to an oc .
but he has to be flowey there 's no one else .
and i was looking for where to get all the information in one place but a quick stroll over to hltv answered that question
there have been a couple posts about this same problem
there are clearly core members of the anon movement otherwise how would they make collective announcements on behalf of a completely unorganized group of people ?
i did because he 's getting pushed to the top despite also being poor on the mic so why ca n't cesaro ?
armor piercing rounds of any kind would likely break shard plate depending on the angle of impact .
it 's usually designed to limit the force and heat on a small surface so a direct hit would likely create a hole straight through that instantly kills anyone inside .
this past weekend grant and emily bett rickards had this funny exchange http imgur.com/t4w5wts over his clippers tweet .
i used to eat a very meat heavy diet until the prices and my weight started going up .
now i have learned that tofu is my absolute favorite food .
my wife made the chicken fried tofu and my goodness it 's delicious !
legend lore can only provide knowledge that someone else has even if it 's not generally known .
find the path works with respect to locations not objects or creatures at a locale . ''
right i 'm casting it to find the location in the astral plane where the phylactery is which wo n't tell me pinpoint location down to the square foot but will tell me at the level of spatial accuracy of a logging camp .
that gets me close enough to just visually see it or if not fly around a bit detecting magic no big deal .
as a rule of thumb characters who are 11th level and higher are legendary as are the sorts of creatures they contend with the major magic items they wield and the places where they perform their key deeds .
3 go there before he 's done regenerating and just blow up the phylactery .
i have a luxurious 1d10 days to do so before he has any chance to defend himself or move the phylactery .
the marshall plan 's role in the rebuilding of germany is overblown nearly every historian and economist acknowledges that it was a rounding error compared to what the rebuilding and re-industrialization of germany took .
the major part of the us help in rebuilding germany came from a willingness to trade and open their markets to them without requiring them to pay back huge amounts in reparation two advantages that east germany did not enjoy partially for the 2nd thing .
the middle east has enjoyed these advantages since the last 70 years .
the rebuilding of germany was a mainly german feat and so must be the rebuilding of the middle east .
good economic leadership and entrepreneurship which was able to thrive under capitalism was what set west germany apart shown by the massive share of german industries and exports in its economy post-ww2 compared to services driven other economies .
east germany was also hampered by being ravaged by the ussr long after the war ended .
just a friendly tip if you happen to have a puzzle ring .
throw it in kanai 's cube and see what happens !
the ring will be destroyed in the process but its totally worth it .
i 'm sure they 'll be playing that songs in strip clubs for the next 30 years .
this seems to have occurred because it is not a direct link to a single image .
we require links to be of the form http imgur.com/2xtyh21 .jpg
if you are using res it automatically fills in .jpg when you look at the link but most of the time it actually is n't there .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/photoshopbattles if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'd rather just deport him to syria with i 3 christians .
fuck isis '' tattoo 'd to his forehead in exchange for no refugees but that 's not humane enough for the pc lovers of canada .
i 've read fan fics that are so good i actually read them multiple times .
you do have to wade through a bunch of crap sometimes but sometimes i also have to wade through a bunch of crap at barnes noble before i find something good .
i just ca n't buy into the circle jerk that cash 's version is the version .
do n't get me wrong is a good cover and if was a woman definitely would n't kick out of bed but reznor owns that
i could do that too if i took as much adderall as him .
i got 2 of him today as well p also my first nat 5
for pc removing the caps is one thing but i have to figure the limits are there for a reason especially on consoles that have a known hardware configuration .
seems to me this is a really good way to make your game unstable and god knows fallout does n't need any help being glitchy .
your submission was removed because it looks like you 're posting music without a correct title .
does it have spaces around the dash and does it have the genre ?
forgetting these points are almost definitely why it was removed .
you will need to delete this post before submitting again click on delete above .
if you are not posting music please resubmit with the appropriate tag in the title
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/music if you have any questions or concerns .
what does this mean for cricket which i thought it included some taxes already ?
i have a group plan with one number in ca and others outside ca does the ca person have to pay more ?
yeah my shop only has those and the tugs .
i do n't think a screen belongs on a tug box since they 're kind of known for being unregulated .
and i 'm starting out with a tank on it so we 'll see how it works .
it was n't a holy shit i have to leave or i 'll beat the shit out of this guy '' it was ok he does n't understand and someone is already dealing with it so i 'm not going to waste my time and leave now . ''
i 'm new to this whole sketching '' thing and figured this would be some fun practice .
i was thinking the same thing until i realized that the origin ducks sets his minors team up perfectly to be the okay hens .
y'know because she probably passed for effort but did n't get a very high mark for her work .
good on you for trying to understand her as opposed to just passing judgment .
you do n't say her education level or whether she works or goes to school or what so i 'm going to assume at that age she 's not able to find a job she can do without a degree of some kind .
you also do n't say whether she is able to get out much and see friends in person .
so i 'm guessing she probably has a lot of free time on her hands and very little social interaction beyond family and facebook .
does she have any paid caregivers or is it all family all the time ?
at her age she wants desperately to have a normal social life outside of family .
a non-disabled person could just take their phone to their room and text all they want in complete privacy but she does n't have that luxury .
every single text and social interaction has to be negotiated for .
also the content of every single text and social interaction has to be filtered through a family member who may or may not be passing judgment or imposing their own viewpoint .
can you imagine what it would have been like if you were trying to negotiate your relationship with your boyfriend solely through text message with somebody else doing the typing for you ?
think of all the ways that could constrain what you say and how you interact even if the person was friendly .
now imagine that person being someone who disapproved of your relationship or did n't like your boyfriend or just got surly and resentful from being asked to type yet another text .
yeah that would n't be much fun for you .
i never understood why able-bodied people see this as her getting her way most of her life '' because from her perspective she 's had to negotiate and make compromises all her life .
it is n't her physical disability that 's frustrating her it 's her dependence on others and the constant emotional labor it takes to negotiate that .
there are ways to operate computers and iphones more independently through voice recognition eye tracking single switches or some combination of the above .
maybe she could use tobii or one of the other eye trackers to operate her computer or android tablet .
for the iphone you can place a button called a single switch or ability switch anywhere she can hit it with an adapter from rj cooper or tecla and the iphone software will scan through all choices until she hits the button .
there 's also the dragondictate app that will take dictation and send it as email .
let us know more about her abilities and i 'm sure someone will have ideas .
but it can and will cause problems if someone makes the mistake of feeding phantom power to something other than a microphone or other phantom-powered device .
this seems fun but being 9 hours apart we are never asleep at the same times .
i e-mailed them and they have n't gotten back to me yet .
i personally like c 's approach because it makes member visibility always apparent whereas in c you need to know where the latest access modifier is located .
if you 're writing good code read no public fields and more controversially no private methods then it does n't matter most of the time anyway .
yup smith should have declared earlier risking a series levelling loss on a road of a pitch in a match where about 4000 people have made centuries with one match to be played in the series under lights for the first time ever just so you can be a little more entertained .
that 's what test match cricket has always been about .
i peeled the sheriff but i didnt peel the deputy . ''
if aging population is problem then why does japan have a high unemployment rate ?
it cuts soft to medium cheese like butter '' .
yeah they are mini nukes kill them before they go off and you can loot it
i want a mod that replaces the sound that the super mutant suicider makes with the scream of the suiciders from serious sam
then apparently people have n't heard of a thing called '' trial error '' when it comes to learning menus not in their own language .
i managed to learn the menus of mobile suit gundam online in less than 20 minutes .
so why other people would n't be able to i have no idea .
the only reason i can think of is that people would be too lazy to try and figure them out which is probably the case .
and lem me tell you those guys are pussies .
never ever let language barriers stop you from enjoying a game that 's fucking amazing .
learning the menus is not that hard at all .
you just got ta do some navigating to see what 's what .
and ontop of that there 's already guides out there on youtube which help people learn the menus as well .
i do n't think this would work as well as you 'd hope just because deathrattles are almost always significantly more powerful than battlecries because the effect is n't immediate .
nobody would play battlecry deathrattle cards they 'd just be playing creepers and shredders and all that cancerous shit .
i 've seen this rule happening on a few subreddits lately .
i figured it was more for community spirit as you 're forced to load the page with the comments on and thus see at least a couple of comments before you load the imgur link and are more likely to respond than if you bypass all of the comments entirely .
in test cricket you can put all the fielders back if nz get too close
when mexico sends its people they 're not sending their best .
they 're sending people that have lots of problems .
they 're rapists and some i assume are good people .
jeez they should make it a skin and let us keep our beatrice .
how 'd you make your outfit and stuff ! ? ''
well every winter a large portion of the city simultaneously celebrates through sound for months on end .
as you walk around town you will hear a crinkling noise as cars drive by .
they put noise makers on their wheels to simulate the sound of a car driving over snow .
it really helps sink in the atmosphere portion of the holidays .
note i did n't agree with the original nbn plan either .
i always thought it was a poor investment particularly given that nothing had been planned to deal with telstra 's monopolistic backhaul position .
but when the libs took over the rollout had already started and the contracts were mostly signed .
they tore up the contracts and the original plan purely for political purposes .
if the choice is between a future-proof 60bn project and a demonstrably inferior 50bn project any sane businessman chooses the former .
it 's like buying a pair of shoes for 10 that you know will fall apart in 6 months when you could get a pair that lasts for years for 15 .
i mean lib/lab issues aside the whole project is a perfect example of the dangers of government projects .
massive sums of money end up circling the drain because the project gets used as a political football .
now i 'm sure people will always prefer the original but heart did a fantastic rendition of this song http youtu.be/lfxoadejmxk
it 's because most do n't know what they 're fighting for .
they just hear the word inequality '' and jump up into action .
if the group had any organization they 'd probably have a lot of support atm .
its good but it suffered from trying to hard to change stuff from the comics especially season 3 .
had it remained loyal to the comics while changing only a few important things up like shane 's arc it 'd be a 10/10 .
i think blurry camera lense is just as bad as vertical videos .
plus if birth control and abortions are available you 're in a good position anyway .
i have n't been reading it online i own the first 2 volumes still reading the second but.. so far it 's not that childish .
it is a classic hero series though so it 's full of spunk and drive .
it 's pretty typical so far but it 's good .
has a large cast of characters too all pretty unique and/or likable .
i am really not denying that looks are important i just do n't believe that they are the only thing men look for when considering an ltr and nothing any man in this conversation has said as yet has disabused me of this idea .
it may be that i 'm utterly misinformed about the job situation in western ma .
after you complete his quest line and find out about his background/family ... ♡.♡
i used to bite down hard on the lips of unsuspecting unfortunate boys thinking that was n't an uncommon part of kissing .
i could n't help it lips are so soft and chewy o it took me a while to realize that the little moans they were making were n't moans of pleasure but of shock at the sudden pain .
haha let him know tactfully which of his moves do not work for you and which ones you enjoy i 'm sure he 'd appreciate that .
do n't forget we were all beginners at one point !
during the indochinese refugee crisis canada took on 200 000 refugees from laos vietnam cambodia .
same issues being brought up maybe communists are sneaking through to destroy the country .
any refugee is going to be fleeing conflict couldnt any refugee instead be one of those that instigate the conflict in the first place ?
could you elaborate on what you mean by the timing isnt right '' ?
because countries have always had refugee quotas set by the government for what they deem to be as a reasonable number the country can handle eg .
a larger country like usa will have a larger yearly refugee intake than canada and have always accepted refugees .
like a policeman bit part in a mr. bean comedy .
oh man could you actually take her to work with you one day ?
that is what i would do if i could .
here you can file these tps reports for me .
oh no snack here you have to wait until lunchtime .
now it 's time for a meeting and you have to sit still and listen quietly for one or two hours .
i feel like school would probably look a lot more appealing after a long boring day at the adult office .
i mean this approach would n't work for most people unless your boss has a sense of humor and is in on it .
has her teacher said anything about her happiness levels during the normal daily activities ?
but the real question ... does it help you get laid ?
you 're kidding yourself if you do n't think romo helps design this offense .
i have n't had a bad experience with mcbans and it does n't seem like it could be abused except in rare circumstances .
i heard it was bad once from somewhere but have n't seen proof .
if somebody could show me i would be much obliged .
君子 or junzi is a concept prevalent in confucian writing that translates loosely to gentleman . ''
confucius given several examples of how 君子 should and should not act as well a what type of character they should posses .
i feel like gentleman '' in the context of modern english is more about social behavior whereas 君子 has a much deeper meaning relating to moral character and actions beyond merely social behavior .
that 's kind of ironic given that confucian thought is almost entirely a social ethos but i feel that gentleman '' does n't capture the nuance of what it means to be 君子。
if you want to read about it just google junzi confucius '' for english language results .
this is a great song but how about here comes the sun '' by george .
then after the beatles he put out a three record album of all the songs paul and john would n't let him put on a beatles record .
no it was n't overtly a 'comedy ' iirc i think it was released in the early 2000s likely an independent movie .
fly to dia and ride a shuttle up into the rockies .
if you do n't have a career or family relocate west .
i wear mind alot and that has n't happened .
i have noticed that they crease right there and at least on mine it has made it slightly discolor barley enough to tell .
i would assume that the constant bending right there makes that spot weaker especially after wearing them alot .
i still could n't see it doing that without alot of force though .
canister is the size of a play-doh can he aint impressing
as it stands there are little benefits to it .
if you would want to consider an unarmed build because it has higher potential damage comes with nonlethal as a base option and opens up style feat options let me know .
the can mirena help woman who have heavy flows and bad cramps !
my doctor told me this and that it can even make it where you do n't have a period !
also the hormones do n't go to through your bloodstream it goes straight to/through your cervix .
so you wo n't have weight gain acne which i had when i was on bc !
you do n't have to worry about taking a pill every single day at the exact same time !
it 's a one time thing and that 's it and lasts for 5 years !
but i agree with the vast majority of what steinem says and i think she is reasonable .
i do n't actually know all that much about her but if u/someguy58439 's linked article is at all representative of her views i do n't agree with at least a fair bit of what she says regardless of whether or not i think her heart is in the right place .
what are the main things she says that you agree with and what in your view would be the greatest good she has done for society ?
the linked article discussed her apparent views on sexual biological differences roughly non-existent and not important and her advocacy of poor scholarship and unfounded theories like matriarchal prehistory ... are these insignificant blunders to you or do you agree with her on these accounts ?
if you read the link which may be biased although the author does discuss her own feminist sentiments at times what do you think of its content ?
i have rather high standards for would-be figureheads of movements i want to support .
mcr is typically around 100-120rpm for slow speed crosshead engines
at least let them have a few carefree years before you practice your beastiality on them .
then upload a pic of their eyes so we can see the fear and shame .
i do n't remember what episode it was but someone looked out their front porch to see the dog running down the street .
just wanted to say that when i look at the canucks logo with the white rink it kinda looks like a beluga if you look at it long enough .
ya ... reading the transcript it 's does not seem like she was in a dangerous situation at all .
rounds does n't seem scared at any point during the interaction just pissed .
also at the end where she winks at the reports and says that her lawyers know what she 's doing ...
it 's possible parts of the story could 've been altered to make it more legally defendable before publishing it
there 's no possible way you 're never dropping below 50fps on an fx 6300 and a 270x .
you 're either lying or completely ignorant of what your actual performance is .
i would say tightlacers were higher up in society which is what she 's looking at since ordinary corset wear would n't do anything to the ribs .
they were making corsets for lots and lots of women during the industrial revolution .
if that is common sense then you 're way more dedicated to tinder than i am .
once you get used to it you realize that this is probably the best format for comments threads .
yeah playing on ps4 and much smoother than expected .
a few glitches here and there but nothing game breaking .
the whip 's last ability acts as an impair which is massively useful in pve .
the chainsaw has two fantastic abilities the first rotting teeth is great in pvp for slowing healers the second diamond grit is great for tanking .
the rocket launcher has a 'jump ' ability that gives a bit of mobility that 's really useful for all classes .
the flamethrower gives some great frontal ae to a dps class as an extra ability .
most people agree however that the bracer is kinda meh .
you might have been in special ed ... or america .
badmouthing someone and then being unable to come up with examples to support your claim s let 's not trust you shall we !
this comment acts as a discussion area for the prompt .
all non-story replies should be made as a reply to this comment rather than as a top-level comment .
in this case closed borders '' means there 'll be a passport check despite france being a member of schengen .
it 'll take 10-20 minutes longer to lave the airport no big deal for common travelers .
so your really asking the orgs to fall on their sword ?
we have what seems to be a 70 failure rate for new orgs in the west mainly because they ca n't field competitive rosters .
honestly i would rather that riot force the lcs teams to have a farm team giving these players somewhere to go .
but then you have the problem of how do you handle relegation ?
how do you handle a farm team being good enough to compete with the top 10 ?
basically if you go this route relegation is probably getting thrown out the window .
i even made a short script to change between playlists via the press of a button .
third part they showed some fan arts and played through hunter 's nightmare nothing new
that certainly covers the non speedster villains getting the jump on barry.he will probably need a different set of tricks to catch zoom off guard
yeah i 'm basically going back and forth about those two options .
i 'm just so tired of doing and redoing you know ?
dunno many people have friends who can make alt acc in 5 minutes .
the thing to take away from this is that nebraska is a better academic school than vanderbilt .
uj i did n't know about android master race .
please read this message in its entirety before taking action .
you have failed to ask a question in your title
your post was removed as it looks like you failed to ask a question in your title .
double check everything including punctuation and try posting again .
if you 're wanting to tell a story or explain something please try r/self .
if you 're needing advice of any kind try r/advice or r/needadvice
if you 're looking for a fact based answer try r/answers
if you 're looking for something that has slipped your mind try r/tipofmytongue .
anything else not covered try one of the subreddits mentioned in our sidebar that better suits your needs .
if you need more clarification or feel this was an error please contact the mods and provide a link to this post thanks !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
one drop off rain or one snowflake and suddenly people think the roads are made of pure teflon in which you 'll fly off in to the ditch for zero reason so they drive under the speed limit .
they 'd never make it in many other states .
gtfo the road if you 're that afraid of a little weather .
he prefers a comatose state when he leaves a bar .
do n't understand the error it still exist right ?
try this out below and then try to delete your trash .
the deep sea water masks are my absolute favorite and now i do n't have to order from wishtrend ! ! ! !
this is what watching american movies and tv for 28 years has brought me to wanting to know what happened before and after this .
this seems way more fun to watch than super girl or dirty grandpa .
the giant mega corps like these have many ways in which they contribute to an environment where people need to shop at their stores .
each mega store that takes over an entire area 's market makes it easier for a different mega company to fill another market in the same area .
they as a group have so much power and control over the economic consumer and employment markets that it creates a system full of people who ca n't afford to shop anywhere else .
they have a way of becoming a self perpetuating cycle .
if you 're working for one mega corporation that pays you a non-living minimum wage then you ca n't afford to pay a few bucks more '' to shop at a mom'n pop '' store even if they have better service or products .
so instead you shop at either your '' mega store or another mega store and bam there goes another small business whose employees and owners will now needing to get jobs at a mega store for a non-living minimum wage ...
there are also many other ways that companies like those influence or out right control the market in such a way that it 's no longer truly about consumer choice '' .
because the big guys have so many ways of stacking that choice in their favor until it 's not even really a choice '' any more .
city school district is one of the worst in the country .
i also went to nathaniel rochester in the corn hill district .
i would not call an area that has consistently high crime nice .
i lived in the bay/goodman area and also grew up in the field and monroe area .
i guess you guys have changed where the inner city is ?
bay/goodman is closer to what i am advising against .
obviously some people are just fine with those areas but they 're hood and i would n't advise someone from out of town to move to conky and ave d for instance .
a quarter of a million cowards have no right to our infrastructure .
padme was made the ruler of a planet at age 14 in some pseudo democratic beauty pageant and subsequently surrounded and controlled by old men .
i do n't think it 's that big of a leap to fall for the first male her age giving her positive attention and listening when she speaks .
let 's just say she goes to rehab at some point and she decided against the use of chems .
link to the thread on my clans forum where the ruleset was made discussion happened more in game
also if you 're european you can send me your ign for some custom joust
alright the australian timezones are basically between utc+8 wa and utc+11 nsw daylight time
so depending on where you live the time in the title of the post can be converted to australian time by adding the number 8 for wa 9:30 for nt 10 for qld 10:30 for sa and 11 for everywhere else
i am also interested in yoga as more than just physical exercise but i do n't think following the yoga sutra will get us anywhere necessarily .
you might want to check out david gordon white 's book 'the yoga sutra a biography ' for a more detailed picture of how the influence of this ancient text has waxed and waned over the centuries .
contemporary yoga teachers and gurus have mistakenly made the yoga sutra into the ubiquitous foundation of all yoga practice stretching and extrapolating it into a complete manual for living .
white mines the truth from hearsay and stands contemporary yoga beliefs on their head .
this remarkable colorful and engaging book will rattle a lot of cages and hopefully enlighten the enlighteners .
i highly recommend it as required reading for anyone interested in yoga . ''
ganga white author of yoga beyond belief and founder of the white lotus foundation
what happened ? is mystic not playing or something ?
the key last night was catching and holding balls i think .
eifert unfortunately taking most of the flack for that one .
all other things considered dalton did n't do that bad .
the interception from green at the end was the final nail in coffin .
i 've given up on waiting and am just gon na install a custom rom.. especially since i still have the n910t version .
the chief difference being that western europeans do n't hate russia and are only taking part in the sanctions because the us wants to engage in containment '' and we are their allies .
it 's the same reason why we put sanctions on iran actually .
none of those sanctions will be lifted unless and until the us is happy .
iran and cuba have started to normalize relations with the us russia did not .
they held a public moment of silence after 9/11 .
one of the first obvious to the public effects of the sanctions against them was that iphones became much more expensive and difficult to get .
i expect a lot from their economy once the sanctions are dropped and the country continues liberalizing .
this is baby number one for me and at 20w on the nose today i have felt possible somethings but absolutely nothing conclusive .
anatomy scan this friday so hopefully if i can see some movement/feel stuff at the same time i 'll be able to confirm what 's happening .
this guy is n't arguing for fantasy obviously he is n't playing to his usual ability but this guy is literally saying you ca n't question his talent '' and is a great nfl receiver which is 100 true .
it 's a little lacking but 98 of the time the sound you 're looking for will be there .
i work for a cannondale and specialized dealer and ca n't for the life of me decide what i want my next bike to be .
her eyes are half-lidded and her ice blue eyes stare penetratingly into maria 's .
she 's only panting it 's the only response she needs .
all i see is a ton of excuses on this thread
no one cares that 's why there is a sticky thread for these now on the front page .
please delete this and repost if you feel the need .
does it really matter if i eat low on proteins as long as i eat low on calories though ?
i am not trying to gain muscle for now but want to lose the ten kilos first .
if that was true would you be able to tell ?
there was this guy i sold my old motorcycle to who was an illegal immigrant .
nice guy at least i thought so at the time kept in periodic contact .
he lived down the street owned a business etc .
anyways one day tons of cops in swat gear are around he comes out in handcuffs .
he apparently had some child porn and had been downloading it etc .
he plead guilty to 10 years in prison for possessing cp .
both are really wrong but he got more time in jail for viewing it then he would have for actually raping a child .
i ca n't think of anything that would require then anymore .
picture a crystalline totem pole which draws in aura and concentrates it allowing you to beam concentrated auric energy long distances or emit this energy through a block with an attached wand focus for various effects .
place an emitter block down with a fire wand focus aimed at your mob trap hook up the output of a concentrating totem tuned to ignis aura apply a redstone signal and you have a flamethrower .
do the same with an excavator focus and you have a homemade mining beam .
picture a power station 500 blocks away that draws in and concentrates the various aura types then sends them in a single beam to a crystal receiver at your base to power larger constructs .
imagine advanced golems the size of the vanilla iron golem which require a beamed power source nearby to function but are more powerful and can handle tough fights for you .
ca n't say that article cheered up my day it makes you wonder if the real religious zealots are the ones from europe corrupted completely by faith alone .
i think its a fine line we refer back to the menezes because yes it was a tragic mistake but its also the only tragic mistake we have and that 's not an awful track record .
there must to be some middle ground in between i ca n't say i know where it is though .
my point was that we can stop their revenue stream easily in many ways .
all ordeal bosses can not be stunned at lv2 and lv3 .
they can be stunned at lv1 but you can usually crush them without needing to stun if you have a mediocre team .
definitely 50 meter shuttle runs for 400 300 200 and 100 meters .
the best way to get exotic engrams is to buy three of coins from xur and use them one at a time when running strikes or otherwise killing ultra level enemies the ones with the large yellow health bars .
there 's some speculation about ways that you can use them to increase your drop chances but the results are inconsistent .
sounds like many people do that and it works .
apologies for hostility/shittiness above i let my work frustrations seep out of the work bubble .
i still can not fundamentally agree with your argument interpreting cam 's point as an endorsement or justification for actions that are very clearly against the rules of the sport borders on strawman .
the idea that this can be victim blaming relies on this in my view false premise wherein the celebration is in some way criminal .
because the argument is made by a sportsman it 's unreasonable to assume that the defense or endorsement of actions extends to unsportsmanlike behavior .
the celebrations cam defends must be interpreted as sportsmanlike and are thus victimless .
jesus whoever told you all that is way overly critical .
i noticed the amulet of souls in the video is it better than drider ammy at rago ?
i mean that 's just based off watching a bunch of documentaries on nk but and i obviously do n't mean inside death camps most of the population seems to think they are part of the best country in the world and that their leaders are genuinely great because they 're brainwashed .
fine but as per reddit 's guidelines you should down vote something that is irrelevant or something that does not contribute to the discussion or dialogue .
do not downvote an otherwise acceptable post because you do n't personally like it .
think before you downvote and take a moment to ensure you 're downvoting someone because they are not contributing to the community dialogue or discussion .
if you simply take a moment to stop think and examine your reasons for downvoting rather than doing so out of an emotional reaction you will ensure that your downvotes are given for good reasons .
run all hero challenges in td just announce a hp challenge train in map chat and walk around in case not everyone has wps .
i rarely have less than 15 people on me .
run the super easy challenges ley-line run charr car .
if you happen to arrive at the 'birth ' of a map chose an outpost tag up and do the main event chain .
once it 's done move on to other things .
conversely if you arrive near the end of a map spam events quickly to get participation up and reap the rewards of the final meta .
during any of your wanderings in td try to kill as many mobs as you can particularly in events the nuhok hunting stashes are wonderful .
for machetes there really only is one way ... do as many events as possible in dragon stand .
that i know of they do n't drop anywhere else than event rewards .
idk i never noticed it before and now i have trouble with the timing lol
i do n't write the bulk of exams in this but i do fill out the identifying info doing this..i believe i adopted times new roman as the font .
sometimes i completely space out while doing it until i finish but i 'm proud nonetheless afterwards .
my professors have since encouraged me to bring up ocd with a professional but i do n't think it interferes with my life enough so whatever
they are certainly gon na care more about the institution that accounts for 3/4 of your credits .
if the other institutions are of similar reputation/rigor i assume they would consider them with equal weight .
seriously though once i get my hands on a subway^^tm sandwhich i 'm so fucking gone
monster hunter is an amazing series and has helped me in a lot of my other action games as well like you said .
it was also rewatching the agdq kingdom hearts 2 speedrun that made me feel like tackling critical for once .
if you put space*10mm you would get the same result .
my neighbors hate me after all the yelling and screaming i did at that game .
i might be a little early on trying to find an idolize version
i 've watched them play the top teams in the b1g very close i 'd say they 're better than advertised for sure .
if someone says they 're not good they at least have to say they respect their effort and toughness one or the other .
you know there are small dogs that are n't yappy .
chiwawas and jack russels are yappy little shits yeah but westies yorshire terriers scotties and most medium sized dogs are all great except some yorkies but they are n't inherently like that .
i wish they would let her next door so she could spit in his face .
the stereotypes depicted with regard to macapaka is just disgusting .
so what all macapakas live in a cave in the woods ?
or if you still want the style a fountain pen .
well now i know what i 'm having for dinner tomorrow night !
theres a russian bar in new orleans that has the best beet burger i 've ever had .
it was so much better than a lot of regular meat burgers .
this vid was a bit unusual though he messed up the usually awesome power management at the end .
he had energy diverted to weapons and systems while trying to boost away from that clipper and python .
hmm ... i 'm gon na take a wild guess ... now this is just coming out of my ass ... i think 1990
the prime stuff is because the three guys who used to host top gear are no longer on bbc and their show is moving to amazon .
there 's no corporate subliminal advertising bs or whatever about it .
there 's a difference between trading for david ross or yunel escobar for example ...
practice mode is really the thing keeping me from playing .
if the game had it i 'd be on it non stop .
without it the game is barely worth owning for me .
thought about trading it in until i heard about the december patch .
becoming mindful of each individual part of my body .
no kami was not as strong as the two of them piccolo jr. was pretty definitively more powerful .
after all if kami was strong enough to be on par with piccolo why would he have resorted to using the self-sacrificial evil containment wave ?
yeah but you had at the very least one coworker there ringing drinks stickering/writing cups and probably rinsing pitchers or something for you though i agree with the people below me that you 're a bit full of it .
also beyond mixing up which side you tether to mix up your over all recovery technique .
sometimes act like you do n't have them marked and rocover with a wall cling wall jump airdodge non-tether up special .
if you alternate between those two options and go for fakeouts by starting a wall jump recovery and aborting into a tether you will get good results .
you can tell they had fun writing this up and they want you in the action asap .
the settlement building which is 100 optional and a good time/junk sink .
if your computer is up to snuff i wholeheartedly recommend fo4 .
edit one of my favorite things so far is weapon and armor modding .
we 're relatively new too so far we had excellent feedback from our customers and fans .
definitely improve your site and maybe find a niche to fill ?
looks like stonedclassy is for the sophisticated classy smoker we cater to more of the geek/gaming '' crowd .
none of any abuse directed at him seems deserved .
i think the writer is a bit inspired by john bryne version of superman origin 80s after crisis
iirc in bryne 's version martha was just having another miscarriage when she jon found baby kal-el on the way home .
neighbors did n't know about it yet they thought martha still pregnant .
when they took her home blizzard happened and no one can access/communicate with kent farm for days/weeks .
after the winter they introduced clark as their own child .
no one suspicious cos everyone knows kents are good in delivering baby lifestocks..
so to deliver human baby during emergency yeah why not ?
maybe ... maybe this is what inspired landis to make martha as a vet
of course john bryne ignored that martha 's obgyn should knew the truth..
he spent this particular day much like all the others at that age since elves do not celebrate or even count their birthdays .
he lived in a village by the coast and spent most of the day outside playing on the beach digging in the sand and generally running around and making a lot of noise .
i got news for ya kid nobody has any idea what the hell they 're doing .
i graduated a few years ago chemistry degree 3.9 .
started as a temp on what was supposed to be a three month assignment no idea what i was doing when i got there .
asked questions learned from the vets still there 2 years later .
everything else is already covered in somebody 's holy book .
technically the original sub creator handed it over it was n't really taken over .
out of the corner of your eye you spot him
for me that book is trout fishing in america by richard brautigan .
the front cover is a hippie couple in front of a statue and on the back cover it only had one real review
'' mr. brautigan submitted a book to us in 1962 called trout fishing in america .
i gather from the reports that it was not about trout fishing . ''
after reading that i immediately purchased it and now brautigan is my favorite author 18 years later .
i dunno i 've never heard of anyone getting banned for teaming .
the being unemployed and stuck doing nothing part is really hard it makes everything worse .
sounds like you got it though just keep your chin up until the weekend get away and do n't look back !
i guess you hit the nail on the head .
i liked the way you reframed the question too .
i will try to commute back and forth for a week and see how i like it .
absolutely terrible and pervasive filler but the underlying story is great .
if i 'm ever rich i 'm going to fund a faithful remake of railgun .
that 's why i use the mute button and morse code on my headphones to control my character in fpss .
mitch johnson is retiring from all cricket after today .
i 'll never forget when i dropped my water bottle cap in from of him while manning the player 's gate at the waca .
he scooped it up and gave it back to me i said thanks mate he said no worries .
yeah everyone in my raid group on the 100 missed it too .
i was like guise look its a back handed comment that means good things for us .
when i 'm playing my oil rogue against control i dont really have anything to play on turn 3 and it 's not even important sometimes i just fan randomly i just need shredder or violet teacher on turn 4 .
well gmg is n't entitled to be posted on r/gamedeals either .
if you ca n't trust whether or not you 're buying legitimate keys then they should n't be allowed in the subreddit .
other retailers are banned from the subreddit for similar reasons so it 's understandable that gmg would no longer receive special treatment .
exactly.this game is probably one of the most iconic games of shooting while standing still.why should they make it easier ?
injury god has to hit the bengals eventually does n't it ?
i was drunk at a party and i lost my voice so i punched him in the small of his back to get his attention .
it was meant playfully but i was drunk strong .
i staggered him we left and he had a huge bruise on his back .
and i stabbed him in the leg once with a pocket knife but that was not my fault !
xbox 360 can be used with optical audio and hdmi indeed this is how i have played rock band for the past several years and does n't experience as much latency that way .
edit y'all do n't know shitty casters until you listen to verne and gary on cbs
its a campy boring mode with no real map-flow that control at least somewhat had
this kind of behavior can be avoided via a setting somewhere ?
this is my work pc i want a fixed setup .
many many apps are unstable this is not microsoft decision to see if i can/want use them .
congrats you are the 38th person to post this exact find !
the doggy bowl eat that pussy like a thirsty dog .
me and my girlfriend were going to have kids when i was 16 and she was 17 .
the moral of the story is kids are stupid .
skill does n't matter to me much but i 'm glad to have you !
if that is ww3 i 'm okay with that .
nice customer support guys these situations are bound to come glad you handled it well .
i remember when i first learned a big word .
so eager to use it in any given sentence .
did forest whitaker get an oscar nomination for his role ?
a title does n't always have to explicitly reflect the plot .
neil jordan originally intended to title the film the soldier 's wife '' however he was advised by his friend stanley kubrick to change it .
kubrick recommended this change because he believed that films with either religious or military titles usually deterred audiences and were often financial failures ... ... jordan selected the new title title from a 1960s hit british pop song .
i was told by my career service office that you want to make your resume look focused and not too long for fear someone will put it aside to read later if the amount of info crammed onto it looks too daunting .
i am in a second degree program so i have some experiences not related to nursing on my resume leaving little room to list all of my clinicals .
for mine i have chosen an area of interest and my experience section it titled women 's health experience . ''
i put my ob rotation and practicum placement and related non nursing experience in this area .
because there is n't really a consistent formula you are supposed to use and everyone 's circumstances are different the main point is to ensure your resume is a good reflection of the things you want to stand out .
if you have enough room to include them all and something interesting or unique to add for all of them go for it .
if you have an area of interest i would focus on that .
ultimately they know what rotations everyone does in school so just putting the hours does n't really add anything .
i presume they were informed of a threat and hence decided to cancel the football match in which they were really sorry for to protect the people in case the threat was real ?
i was getting about 60-90 fps and oc 'd my card now getting 90 pretty steady and up to 150 .
i can say i did notice it and whether relative or not i ranked up to le shortly after and have stayed there ... makes me wonder .
adams and odell is too low of a return for all 3
a large amount of updated 4.0 class guides have been added .
ios and android discipline calculator apps have been added .
if you subscribe to the stickied post at class section of swtor official forums
you can get automatically alerted when new class guides get added .
i try and i really mean i try to be respectful .
it is rather hard for me though most of the time .
i only ever vent about it on here or to my spouse and even he gets sick of me and tells me to cool my jets .
i echo a lot of what is said here about bring more children into our dying world .
it pains me to see we are part of the biggest mass extinction on record and yet no one gives a flying f. i honestly feel bad for these people bringing kids into this mess .
i agree with you wholeheartedly they could use a lot of work in their software .
it 's not all horrible though i have a v.1 flightstick i enjoy it a lot despite having to create my own profiles when most flight simulator games already come with most other flight sticks drivers including some of the most recent saitek controllers .
and i bought it for like 15€ so it 's hardly a waste of money .
what i really enjoy is the mouse i have that rat 5 mouse the design is very pretty in my eyes and the custom adjustments despite fewer in this model do allow for some extra comfort .
honestly i think mad catz/saitek is n't half-bad nowadays people just like to bash them because they used to make shitty gadgets .
but i would really enjoy if they fixed their drivers i have a device manager driver error since i bought my mouse because despite working the driver has some kind of strange incompatibility with windows7 .
if i may ask how exactly did counselling help you ?
as i replied to someone above i do n't think i 'll be that comfortable with it but i am open to giving it a try now after reading some replies .
it also has better features too including a video essay by dave itzkoff who wrote a great book on the movie .
my schadenfreude reacts to adam 's face watching trailer reaction
when i was new i would just wait until the venus sabotage node became available and speed run that with my zephyr .
only hiccup was getting energy drain but that was easily solved by just aborting the mission and trying again .
my limited knowledge is that he was adopted at birth by the jobs family .
because the character models in fallout 4 are actually terrible
especially after how much he have invested already to get there .
it 's not possible early on because he deals a lot of damage .
around 15 minutes he becomes easy if your top laner has an opportunity to help you .
i 'm french this intro to the game felt very emotional .
yeah it 's not just the fact we dismantled them .
we also bombed their home took out their government and destroyed their nation 's infrastructure .
it 's not like we laid them off '' without doing other shit .
people have the same car for years and still do it !
any fault codes in the evap evaporative emissions control system or were any of the plugs related to that system ?
it could be possible that gasoline vapor could build up from that system .
because those are the only stories that makes it to the front page of r/all .
wtf is darkmane and where is the reference to it ?
except of course accepting other european nations themselves and maybe some australians north americans south americans africans asians .
they 've done it on pretty much every global exclusive batch in existence .
i think its which one you go to and what time you go .
generally in the nicer stores and at the 9-5 shift you have the guys who used to be pros in that area so they know the ins and outs of all of the stuff there .
once you get to the less desirable shifts and in areas with less people it 's harder to find good help so they just toss whoever they can get in that shift .
fixed stat loss for join in progress ffa/gg games .
that will probably be our last or certainly last significant hotfix before the first real '' patch and then the process starts over again .
well damn turns out i live in one of the brightest sectors .
that seems weird though the city is in front of me and behind me there 's nothing but hills for about 30 miles
there are a lot of rules for the pentathlon event that could get you dqed .
did your battalion have more than one team competing ?
lasik on the other hand is not fully proven with regards to potential issues during flight .
if an issue were to be discovered with lasik everyone who has it would be grounded .
why not china or saudi arabia or another middle eastern country with the resources ?
the us ca n't handle a large influx of immigrants right now .
our race relations are the worst they 've been in decades .
we ca n't trust the government to properly vet the immigrants to prevent dangerous people from entering the country .
it 's funny that everyone some people think this should be a nation that follows christian practices to the letter in situations like this but thinks that religion should be completely exempt from government policy in situations like gay marriage .
i do n't remember if i called 911 or just the police department in general .
it was 3am and i was driving back from my then girlfriends house in my 93 blazer .
i ran out of gas as i was tired and did n't want to fill it until the next morning .
so i pulled over and was looking at my phone about to call my roommate .
i hear something loud but fast and did n't think anything of it as a jeep cherokee passes by .
all of a sudden i feel a gust of cold air pull all the heat out of the car .
i turn my head around in my seat looking at the back and my rear window hatch was completely gone .
not sure what to do i called the police .
from what i gathered in my tired state some one had thrown something at my window and it was most likely the dark black jeep that drove by .
couple cops ended up coming and i explained the whole thing .
we found parts of a beer bottle in the glass .
cop was an asshole and did n't want to give me a ride to the gas station but finally did even though he made me walk back .
the gas station was about 10 blocks away minnesota winter .
the next day i got a call that they caught the guys drinking and driving throwing beer bottles at vehicles parked on the side of the road .
are you suggesting that this is all part of a deal to supply the trump campaign with ammunition ?
so this works if it 's just the category and the measure but it breaks down when i use category measure names and then measure values in text there are several elements to compare here .
is there a way to adjust for that aside from the mess in my post ?
yea will have to look into glass but it would be nice if i would be able to bolt it to the rest which is hard to do with glass ... also if it 's an option 2 smaller panels would do it .
or even if it 's not 100 clear there are ways to work around the problem .
i had a teacher who publicly ridiculed a girl who had to leave class for 5 minutes a day because of the medication she took a bunch of students brought it up to the principle and got suspended for their trouble .
i do android development and would n't mind messing around with an app as a side project .
mate you have a picture of isis as your profiler .
the only context there is you are a massive twunt .
no you can have to best of both worlds .
while not healing as fast being able to give a teammate a bomb or a molotov can help cover you and can turn the tide of a firefight
literally any building that puts you at a relatively high vantage point will tank fps .
trinity tower the corvega plant many of the 3 story buildings in the city ...
do n't act like trinity tower is the only isolated location where framedrops occur .
you are deliberately derailing the conversation to assert a point that is irrelevant to the article posted .
the article posted is about twitter posts degrading the french .
i asserted that we have no validation that these are actual blm tweets and that online profiles can be faked/hacked/misleading .
you then try to get me to go down a train of logic about some fucking crazy person threatening a senator .
were you a fan of the watchmen graphic novel before accepting a role in the film adaptation ?
are you a fan of comics and graphic novels in general and if so what are some of your favorites ?
do n't worry i totally know that i believe og and fnc are leading the charge with clg and tsm following suit but i just mentioned tsm and clg because na are making headlines in terms of the moves they are making right now .
i do n't believe you but i 'll test this when i get home .
i 've always thought that c was only for going forward as when you press c with no other input it defaults to cruising forward .
edit just checked and as i thought c only works for going forward .
holding s and pressing c yields nothing the ship just stops .
i remember either burnie or geoff or someone talked about how roosterteeth or was it ah typically avoids reviewing games and focuses more on making fun of themselves for the content or something like that .
i guess it ca n't be helped with the patch though since it is a show where they discuss video games in depth .
i 'd be more concerned how your employer got a hold of your bank account numbers .
and if you gave them the info why did n't you just set up direct deposit which is free for you .
skill resets are by far the worst symptom of a possible p2w approach from daum .
i 'm getting traumatic flashbacks to 30 build resets from nexon .
i 'm not familiar with how builds are set in black desert but if there is even the possibility of build variation it 's absurd that daum is working in a cash shop rest .
i was 2 weeks out of basic training at my first tech school for the air force .
i went out into the town and met a girl from my home town i 'm from maine and was in mississippi .
she was married to a navy seabee stationed nearby .
he was gone on deployment so she was filling her time with friends and her dogs .
i went over to her house with a bunch of people and as things died down it ended up with me and her under a blanket watching miyazaki movies alone .
i did n't mind it being fresh out of basic any physical intimacy was like heaven .
i figured she was just lonely without her husband there and went back to watching the movie .
that 's when i felt a hand creep over my thigh towards my groin ...
i grabbed her hand through the blanket and moved it away slowly .
someday i might be that ass hole but then and now i 'm not going to touch another man 's wife let alone another serviceman .
not to mention its illegal for military to commit adultery luckily she took the hint and backed off .
she moved away and stopped cuddling which was disappointing to me because i needed someone to hold me .
fast forward a year and a half ... .different girl .
i 'm stationed in england and have n't had a real date since before i joined the military .
i 'm out drinking for purim and meet a buddy .
after a little bit he goes home leaving me basically alone .
that 's when a woman walks up to me who i do n't recognize at first .
she 's the wife of a guy i work with whose on extended tdy he 's in vegas for 3 months we start talking and she has new guys all over her .
guys new to the military who do n't know that married women are off limits .
cock block these poor guys for their own good and for my work friends .
i spend the remainder of the evening talking to her and making sure other guys back off .
the end of the night comes and we walk to the nearby taxi building to wait for a cab .
she is basically in my lap trying to kiss me .
manage to avoid kissing her and when the cab arrives it continues in the taxi .
when we get to her house she asks wan na walk me to my door ? ''
i know if i get out of this cab i 'm going inside her house and if i go inside the house i 'm not gon na be able to tell her no anymore being drunk and barely able to keep myself under control as is .
i manage to get her out of the cab and watch as she staggers to her door and goes inside .
the cab drives me home and when i ask what i owe he says after what i just saw ?
she had a ring and you do n't good man . ''
i can compare it to costco pallets racked up to the roof but we do n't have any food in our facility .
there is really no instructions we just get the box throw everything in there and put a load of paper so it wo n't reveal '' the items because we do n't want the carriers knowing what 's inside .
this would have made anh a way more interesting film !
i 'd have loved to see tarkin and tagge and motti and vader all hammering this detail out in the conference room .
it 's not bad really they were pretty mellowed out by the time i came around .
that razor is known to give a mild shave .
you may want to try a different brand of blade or a different razor .
here 's a thread i made on popupportal 's forum with some of my mods take a look at those and more at the whole site and you 'll get some good ideas there are still plenty of things i 'd like to do to mine that i see on that site .
yeah the bronx is barely even on fire anymore .
primary use will be as a dd but i do n't drive much and i want to be able to wheel it a few times a year also
some scratches on the inside driver door handle and smeared steering wheel paint somehow .
aside from that it 's pretty much brand new at first glance .
are there any major maintenance milestones i should know about ?
is a stick more reliable than the auto in this case ?
the thought crossed my mind today and i could n't find anything in this subreddit .
thought it 'd be a pretty cool thing to do for a large city .
if anyone has any screenshots/reccomended assets that 'd be awesome !
was wondering if i was just mistiming everything or if it was just lag ...
also do mobs/bosses have lock on skills that ca n't be avoided or are all of them like the scout 's auto attack ?
cause i 'm doubting the benefits of actually moving around a target if i 'm just going to get hit anyways .
the extra dmg to the back of bosses might not seem worth it then .
what are the best guns to use as you unlock them ?
i 'm a level 15 right now but once i find the right gun i like to stick with it until it 's too easy ...
as of now this is not the case i really really want dmm to live on but the nature of the mode scares any new players new to rs or new to dmm and punishes them heavily for being new .
if we want this game mode to live in there have to be certain mechanics introduced so higher level veterans do not abuse new players and so some mechanics of the game suiciding do not punish new players so heavily .
no i am not a new player i am a lvl 80 range tank and yes i have killed many newbs for their banks i am writing this from their perspective and because i really enjoy dmm and i want it to live on .
i rescued a pitbull calahula mix in september this year who is roughly 2 years old .
he was found in the streets of la and brought to me in alberta canada .
listens well stays at my side only barks when hes scared once a week maybe enjoys the off leash park veery playful with other dogs ... generally the perfect dog for me !
he has some major separation issues he does not like when i go out .
i had him out of his crate initially because literally i couldnt remove from my bed .
eventually after a few weeks i got him into the crate but would escape .
i set up my gopro and watched him smash around in there for 30mins until he got out so sad to watch .
keep in mind he goes in there to hang out if i am in my apartment even if im not in sight .
i dont know what else to do i try locking it with different items but he either eats his way out or smashes himself around until hes out .
im out over 2000 in items he has peed and pooped on in less than 2 months .
im starting to not be able to aford this .
i am a mid th9 and my troops and hero 's are both on the lacking side .
my hero 's are both passed level five though .
should i max out my troops or should i focus on my hero 's
the skill in silver dragon set changes when its refoged to ur as u may know i wan na know if ill lose the skill that it have before ... or it kindoff two skills in one ?
a little background about him and me he is a us marine and is now based in san diego ca .
we met here in the philippines while he was doing humanitarian work in here .
we 've been dating for about a year now .
i went to california to visit him and my dad from may-aug. we only saw each other mostly on the weekends since i was staying in los angeles and he in san diego though he did file a leave for two separate weeks so we could be together .
so here 's the other part of the story he filed a leave going here in the philippines from december 8-22 .
he was kind of skeptic about spending christmas here with me because he wanted to go home to south dakota and see his family .
but then he decided that he wo n't be going home then i asked if he could spend christmas with me so that he wo n't be spending christmas alone .
but then he told me that he already filed the security paper work which is much needed because he is the us government 's property and they are taking extra precautions if ever something happens to him in here .
i asked him a couple of times to try to change it but then he just keeps on saying he ca n't .
he made me understand his situation which i did but then he said sometimes you just have to deal with things and be an adult about it and not get depressed if things do n't go your way . ''
are you even aware that we 're not going to be able to see each other for a year ? ''
it 's my fault for not being thankful that he was even allowed to go in here .
i just replied saying think about what you just said .
and then he relied with i was being sarcastic i 'm sorry i do n't like to fight . ''
i do n't know how to take it from there .
i do n't know what to say or how to feel .
every single reduced the visual noise '' in the most recent patch note breaks my heart .
i was already saddened by the visual reductions to timewarp and orbital strike yes thanks for fixing the cast so i can at very least tell where the hell i am dropping my field for blasts and these further reductions are a tragedy .
the visuals of gw2 have been one of my favourite aspect of the game especially in consideration of the combat system ... the epic skill animations outstanding map design and awe-inspiring lighting except for in heart of the mists is some of the most gorgeous aesthetics i have experienced in gaming .
the aesthetic design of gw2 is what drew me so deeply into this world .
the painterly style pushing the envelope and taking a chance to allow your artists to express themselves visually in ways that make the game feel kinetic and alive where most other games fall short and feel cold and dry .
i have been playing gw2 almost daily since early access .
i have enjoyed the evolution gw2 has made since launch i have supported arenanet during changes i disliked and new ideas that did n't work and have adapted to changes i was unsure of and ultimately i have enjoyed spending such long amounts of time within such a wonderful organic game .
a couple years ago skill effects were toned down from gorgeous colourful explosive paintings into a balanced version of their former selves .
i accepted this because they were only reduced a bit but it was still clear which skills were which and they still maintained their excitement even though i personally preferred their previous chaotic form .
then the effects lod slider was added which is a completely acceptable and great addition !
as it takes to consideration both those who have trouble with visual effects and those who do n't have trouble with them and enjoy them .
i feel like i 've lost a lover to addiction and there 's no way returning to our former synergy .
i feel like my favourite band broke up and only one member released an appalling solo album as he struggles to grasp for the achievements they made when they were a collective .
hell i kinda ' feel like i saw a puppy run over in the road and there was nothing i could do to stop it .
i ca n't comprehend why these visual noise '' nerfs are happening is n't this what the effects lod toggle is for ? ? ?
many players had zero issues with the gorgeous animations in this game and it sucks that those of us can no longer enjoy gw2 's miraculous visuals because this visual nerf was created across the entire game instead of being applied to the effects lod slider 's range .
all excitement in using skills and therefore my excitement in the combat has been completely lost to me .
the visuals were immersive they were inspiring and they added had an impact that resonated within the player .
all these reductions to visual skill aesthetic has seriously killed a lot of the fun that i used to have in this game .
i feel like arenanet 's standard for visual artistry has been quite compromised and for once i truly find myself now questioning the integrity of the game 's visual direction and the value of the design team 's decision-making .
furthermore immediately after the patch i attempted running group content and i ca n't even tell what skills are being used because all i see are overlapping white circles and insignificant animations on the group that do not communicate what is taking place ! .
i used to love the gw2 combat system far beyond any other game but now i find myself detesting it as i have difficulty deciphering what skills my allies around me are using or in what order or how to contribute to fields .
i am distraught and deterred by these reductions to visual aesthetic and i really feel little desire to continue with group content when i look at how bland the combat looks now in comparison to the game i fell in love with .
this is so disappointing because the newest addition to the game and as i understand it direction !
i feel that i am not the only one who has shared some minor complaints about changes since hot that have gone completely ignored and i have trusted in arenanet that there is a stronger plan in motion but this nerf to skill animations feels like the last twist of the knife and i am not sure i can move on with this change .
reductions to visual noise '' are the last straw sucking all the life out of the game for me .
i am basing my build around this one http pcpartpicker.com/guide/8qg323/700-bang-for-buck-pc-build-intel-i5-4460r9-390
it looks like the second one is a newer version..
this is my first build so i need help.. please !
black and white leia and utinni are all in the pop art pack right now .
a link to the video done by a runner named archive http www.speedrun.com/run/pyde87vm
a link to the current route info plus possibly useful glitches in case you want to try it yourself http pastebin.com/27asz9en
clearly the speedrun for this game is in the really early stages so if you come across any glitches or skips that you think could knock some time off a run i 'd encourage you to mention it here https forum.speeddemosarchive.com/post/fallout_4.html or on another speedrun community page .
i was looking into buying some mustard gas but i 'm seeing it 's a lot more expensive than my usual frenches .
hey guys i try not to ask these types of questions cause i like to figure this kinda shit out .
but having full axii all activated i can still barely get 30 more asking price for contracts .
i figured that would help me out in the pricing area but it does n't seem to make a difference from when i only had a couple perk points in axii .
not that it matters as i 'm over 100k gold but it 's kinda annoying there 's no way to ask for the max amount .
i mean what 's the point of having a maximum amount then ?
we 've lost a brave companion to the eternally grinding corporate machine .
we need a dope player to replace him in a currently level 4 campaign .
i personally pay for a gm 's license which means it is totally free for the one lucky player who gets to join !
you 'll create a level four character and be happily inserted into our campaign .
the party returns to find the militant lord bracken broken and defeated now hiding from his foes .
the flaming fist controls baldur 's gate backed by the devious and hilariously obese duke lucius vallerton .
initially harmless the duke 's dangerous power is revealed as a party member absolutely sold ridiculously powerful magical objects to him after stealing them from his own teammates .
returning to baldur 's gate with the enigmatic knight ser louis garou and his holy hundred the party plans to undo their own friends shitty decisions and save baldur 's gate .
time 10 p.m. est tuesdays this time is up for debate
looking for a group of people who are n't ashamed to tear souls apart .
individuals who enjoy shaming others without the use of teabagging .
rock-hard defenders with the suave of michael buble and the punch of cassius clay .
join me tonight for a defender titan train in the glory and crucible of iron banner .
insinuating your resolve is rock hard not your anatomy .
alright i 've done a bunch of work going through old weg and wotc books and pulling out names for people and starships .
i 've also gone through and selected some more useful to me wookiepeedia articles as well as compiled the articles for all known planets into a single openoffice calc sheet .
mediafire 1295 person names from weg and wotc books http www.mediafire.com/download/b8ziwuuwt07z3e1/person_names.ods
mediafire 88 ship names from weg and wotc books http www.mediafire.com/download/n0oe8d8k7n6l9x2/ship_names.ods
mainly i just want the radar off in hardcore mode that 's it .
i pre fire so early around corners and usually win most of the gunfights just because of the radar in normal modes it 's not bad just want it a little more challenging .
as the title says can i turn off something to remove the bobbing animation you see during first person .
skyrim has the same first person without the moving up and down camera animation and i never felt dizzy playing hundreds of hours in it .
here at fallout 4 i ca n't even play for 10 minutes without feeling dizzy .
the wif 's legislature has passed its proposed budget for 1958 including an official request for funding from the crown to a few federation departments .
most notably among these is the proposed purchase of four lockheed l-649 constellation aircraft from military and airline surplus to be used for logistical purposes between the islands as well as postal and passenger transports .
we await the response from her majesty and her privy council on these matters .
i just got my bike recently and i want to make sure i have all the gear i need down .
i got the obvious helmet boots jacket gloves and pants .
this question may be hyperspecific but i figured i 'd give it a shot .
however i can not for the life of me find a gold end table or more realistically an end table that i can customize to gold .
i want it to be cohesive with the golden set and i feel as though i 'm finding a lot of objects that can be customized to gold but not as much with furniture .
anyone know of a furniture set with an end table that can be easily customized to gold or a gold end table i do n't know about ?
started a ng and loading is very quick considerably moreso than it was at the latest stages of my first playthrough where i had to wait for the animated sequence to end and then some more .
i am honestly wondering if anyone else here hates the design of almost all the battle droids all the variations because of their lack of joints and movement .
i honestly found the robots from exo force to be more intimidating and fun to build and play with .
the current general grevious looks amazing compared to the original so why not newly designed battledroids to replace the currently made ones ?
i 've been experiencing an issue for the first time with this series .
after downloading the episode 6 update on steam the game wo n't launch properly .
after it 'checks for dlc ' it crashes to the desktop .
does anyone know what happened to 'the last ride ' ?
i have n't seen it used in ages and wonder why it seems to have been dropped .
was it banned or does taker not want to any more ?
is he not able to do it any more maybe ?
i looked around online and all i can see is an old bit of news about a guy killing his kid with it .
there 's the scrdules for first round of video contest
epic battle replay with two steps from hell 7th december mon 20th december sun
so output just put out exhale and it looks amazing and reminds me of some flume style vocals .
but then i thought about how this was done before this thing was released .
any good sources on how to achieve the same effect or tips ?
so there is something really strange going on with how rankings work in ffa .
i first played ffa a couple of days ago i was already plat 3 in team arena and diamond in breakout which was also odd but more about that later .
the first game in ffa i played i dominated i easily came in first .
the next game was a better match up and i did pretty poorly and came in 6th place .
i decided after that that i really did n't like this playlist and so i would use it to try to get commendations .
in order to do so i would purposely do poorly so the game would match me lower so it would be easier to get these .
here is where the weirdness came in no matter how many of my placement games that i came last in i was still facing the same level of opponents .
the first few games i had thought it was matching me a lot lower because the players started to get really bad but after the 3rd or 4th i started checking the post game lobby and noticed everyone was still onyx !
as you can see i only won the first game i played .
every other game i came in last place if possible some games had leavers and some did n't even start with all 8 .
does this mean the placement '' matches do n't actually matter ?
i literally won 1 match and got onyx how is this possible ?
be as specific as possible and include specific games or programs you will be using .
lots of gaming and i want to be able to run as many games on ultra as i can .
note beyond a week or two from today means any build you receive will be out of date when you want to buy .
what exactly do you need included in the budget ?
which country and state/province will you be purchasing the parts in ?
if you 're in us do you have access to a microcenter location ?
if reusing any parts including monitor s keyboard/mouse/etc what parts will you be reusing ?
if yes are you interested in overclocking right away or down the line ?
are there any specific features or items you want/need in the build ?
ex ssd large amount of storage or a raid setup cuda or opencl support etc
i would like to have a gtx 980ti please !
do you have any specific case preferences size like itx/microatx/mid-tower/full-tower styles colors window or not led lighting etc or a particular color theme preference for the components ?
no preferences but it would be cool for it to be a little creative !
do you need a copy of windows included in the budget ?
if you do need one included do you have a preference ?
due to budgetary concerns i 'm trying to spend less on groceries .
looking over what my boyfriend and i buy in a week we spend a ton on fresh veggies .
i know that eating more frozen veggies could help cut costs but they always seem mushy and bland .
as an aside changing grocery stores or seeking out other markets is n't an option .
our schedules are crazy busy we do n't have a car and we live in an area of our city that does n't have great grocery options .
we use peapod because otherwise we 'd have to take a 20 minute bus ride to the closest grocery store .
i was n't 100 sure if they would come today as i get a dhl package maybe once a year and never remember the process of their tracking .
i christened the apex with modfuel 's skylark at 35w both air vents fully opened if anyone has a better suggestion for settings please feel free to suggest them this is a new step in vaping for me and any advice is welcomed .
i also like that in their packaging they included some stickers urging vapers to visit casaa.org .
here 's the pics i 'm not sure if it 's the font but i think they misspelled my username no biggie http imgur.com/a/td4ch
just wanted to thank u/innokin_joseph for running the contest and for making sure i was provided with a tracking number .
bulba will be taking on mahou and loser of this series will be dropped down to the losers bracket and force to fight their way back to the finals in a double elimination tournament !
last time these two teams seen each other it was 5-4 in mahou 's favor .
so come check it out and have fun with us while me and allurai cast the game for you to spectate !
video on demand http www.twitch.tv/ratz1lla/v/26348451 start at 8 minutes ! ! ! ! !
if you want females i have to breed for it first .
edit no dbha foongus so just a matching ball one works .
i use an obdii dingle paired with the phone to retrieve the ecu codes .
got the code first thing i did was to replace the spark plug since i had a new spare laying around .
then i switched the coil from cylinder 1 to cylinder 2 .
this morning i got the error again same cylinder when i started the car .
i turned off the car cleared the error and started again .
after work i got the error again before i get it i can feel and hear that the engine is n't right .
so again turn off the car clear error and start again seems to fix it .
so my limited experience here suggests it 's not the spark plug and it 's not the coil .
i checked to make sure the electrical harness wires are properly connected to the coil .
and they appear in very good condition they are covered by an aluminum cover attached to the engine .
but can it be those wires or something else ?
not my picture but you can see here http images.gtcarlot.com/pictures/77317340.jpg the harness and coils are located under that silver cover on top of the engine .
long time zelda fan first time poster in here and i have a few questions regarding some smaller bits of info in oracle of seasons .
you see i 'm starting a let 's play of it in a few days and i want to make sure i have as much information as i can so i can share it with the viewers !
so with that in mind here 's what i 'm hoping to find out
do you have to do the big item trading sequence if you already know the path to get to the noble sword ?
or does it just not work until the deku scrub has told you it ingame ?
i found six golden ore chunks hidden in the ground in subrosia .
i do n't know for sure because i could n't find a guide that listed every one of them .
what tier range are the rings you get from the subrosian dance and strange brothers minigames ?
does the blue luck ring also halve damage from wizzrobe magic shots ?
im looking for a gpu for 3d modeling and gaming .
both of these are around the same price of each other msi geforce gtx 970 4gb or msi radeon r9 390 8gb
i dont want any bias from the nvidia fanboys i came here to get the opinion of people that actually know what they are talking about it
it looks ridiculous having it at the top of his cape facing backwards .
ca n't believe it took valve 3 months to fuck this up .
they may well have just released it in august .
does anyone have any experience with the royal hunter rda ?
if yes could you give me some quick pros and cons ?
all the reviews that i can find do n't really tell anything .
i 'm attempting to make a link show the value of a hidden field in the console on click .
i get the sense it 's something to do with the filter on the .siblings .. google has n't been totally helpful .
i am just conflicted every time i look up ideas i get the same stuff bullet journal lists brain dump etc .
what i want is a hobby or research topic where i can write my findings down in the notebook .
though i feel it is useless if its something i could just look up like growing rate of plants or stats on something .
it may seem a very niche thing i want here but i am not having any luck so i thought i would come to reddit for help .
edit list of ideas so far press leaves rubbings of plaques or carvings
i just finish the quest for nick valentine the one you get if you have max relation with him
i send him back after the quest and decide to take 2 power armor i found previously .
i took the power armor to sanctuary and decide to talk to piper .
after this i ask her to follow me and the bug appeard ... .
i loaded my last save and tried the same with an other companion in an other location ... . same problem .
basically you can talk to your companion but when you ask him/her to follow you shit starts .
1 step in all situation i have this weird blue screen for maybe 10 seconds
then the camera stays like this it 's not frozen the camera is just blocked
and i already maxed 2 companions before that happends .
i was watching a guy 's let 's play of the game today and during the neutral fight with undyne something happened that i 've never heard of before !
he 'd fought undyne down to low health and outrun her a few times and when he got caught again and tried to spare her the screen went glitchy the music wonky and he could n't control the game the cursor shifting over to the 'fight ' option and selecting it for him !
afterwards the flavor text said flower pollen drifts in front of you . ''
did flowey take over the game to try and make the player kill undyne ? ! ?
probably because i 've never seen someone fight undyne to low health before i 'm talking one hit to kill her
so if like me you wander the commonwealth with our good buddy detective valentine you might have noticed something interesting .
if the mysterious stranger appears with valentine as your companion you may hear valentine say some unique dialogue like that was him the stranger .
now if you missed a certain piece of information earlier on this might be odd how would he know of the stranger 's existence ?
those of you eagle eye players might have found valentine 's case file on the stranger beneath the bed inside his building in which you find the information valentine knows of him .
i live in a rural area where uncapped wifi is non-existent .
therefore i have never updated my copy of tpp .
everywhere i look it only mentions that updates have been done for fob and mgo .
does anyone know if these updates have had any effect on the main campaign ?
i could do mobile hotspot long enough to update if needed but it 's pointless to cut into my limited mobile data if an update only affects online play .
sorry for the odd question google just did n't provide a lot of information .
article 42.7 is the solidarity clause that states that if a member of the european union is the victim of armed aggression on its territory other states have an obligation of aid and assistance by all the means in their power. http www.politico.eu/article/what-is-article-42-7-of-the-lisbon-french-government-terrorist-attacks-paris-treaty
previously there was uncertainty as it was possible but nothing 's been decided yet '' .
http www.euractiv.com/sections/global-europe/france-war-inaugurates-eus-mutual-defence-clause-319531 now ministers national defense ministers have expressed their support unanimously .
france invokes eu 's article 42.7 but what does it mean ?
all for one 28 eu states agree on first-ever military support to france https www.rt.com/news/322429-france-military-assistance-eu warning rt
i would to read more books in english however i often find myself distracted if i sometimes stumble upon hard phrases .
it 's like i know all the words but still ca n't make any sense of said phrase .
it makes me put down books unfinished which is shame .
as a point of reference i find hitchhiker 's guide to the galaxy '' to be somewhat hard to read at times hence i never finished the book .
haruki murakami 's norwegian wood '' was easier i happen to understand roughly 90 of text without problems and the rest is easy enough to understand from context .
light novel sword art online '' was absolutely amazing it is exactly of my level .
i prefer fantasy or sci-f books not dark but not overly light-hearted or funny like discworld the color of magic '' which i did n't really enjoy reading .
i also like when romance is an important part of the story .
from my recent reads i liked neil gaiman 's stardust '' though it felt a little bit too short and rushed i did n't grow attached to the characters and did n't care about them .
my host is a lenovo ts440 and i have 2 ssd 's as datastores connected direct to mobo no hba .
one of them 64gb samsung 830 is a bit long in the tooth but passes all smart tests both locally and using another mobo .
however twice over the past couple days it has become unavailable .
the first time i assumed it was toast so i pulled it and popped it in my desktop to see just how bad it was but it showed up just fine .
i popped it back in my esxi host and voila it showed up funcitonal vm and all it 's only a 64gb disk so all it has is a sql server for veeam .
it happened again this morning and this time all it took was one reboot of my host .
i have yet to really naviguess my way around esxcli it 's my main lab equipment but i am learning a little bit of everything all at once but i am pretty familiar with linux in general so i checked some logs and ran a few cli disk commands but nothing jumps out immediately .
what logs could i check in the event i ca n't catch it in the act in order to pinpoint a process that may be causing it ?
gregoryhickok neuromeditate ucirvine meg is the future of human brain mapping !
gregoryhickok https twitter.com/gregoryhickok neuromeditate https twitter.com/neuromeditate ucirvine https twitter.com/ucirvine meg is the future of human brain mapping !
so my friend gave me his old alienware laptop .
and it was prompting me to do a boot from disk once turning it on .
thankfully my grandpa had a win 7 iso that he could give me since the sku for the one on my computer wasnt letting me activate once installing a clean restore .
but now i cant get on the internet even with an ethernet cable plugged in .
everytime i try to use the setup it says windows did not detect any networking hardware .
i dont know where to look for the drivers or anyting .
tried posting the whole thing on askreddit but it was n't allowed ...
three months ago at 27 i was diagnosed with bowel cancer and after surgery was told that it is at stage 3 possibly 4 very aggressive and at best i only have a few years left .
as a currently single man who always wanted to marry and start a family this dream has pretty much been crushed .
i 've been thinking a lot recently about my chances of even dating again would my condition put women off wanting to be with me knowing how things are likely to end ?
have any redditors started a serious relationship with someone who was/is terminally ill ?
for any other ill redditors who started dating someone what happened when you told your partner and how did they react ?
how do you both cope with the inevitable difficulties this brings ?
i 'm not looking for sympathy had enough of that lately i 'd just like to read your honest opinions and personal experiences for those who have been or currently are in similar situations .
so i need to replace the windshield on my 2000 jeep xj .
i talked to a local company and they said it would cost about 209 dollars out the door to replace it .
first i just want to say i do n't care about helmetless stormtroopers .
i 'm a star wars fanatic and it does n't break my immersion .
i just pretend they woke up late for war and forgot their helmet and sack lunch .
what i 'm talking about is outfits backpacks helmets etc .
pretty much every type of soldier in the star wars movies has variations in uniforms .
in return of the jedi the rebel commandos wear all sorts of random crap .
it 's part of what makes the rebels look ragtag .
on the stormtrooper side they have backpacks and pauldrons .
letting people choose if they wore them with a few setting appropriate color variations would have been really cool .
i 'm hoping they add some more customization options down the road .
if we could avoid devolving into a helmetless stormtrooper conversation that would be great
enigma machines were ciphers used in ww2 germany so it might be relevant .
i just do n't have the base cypher so not much i can do .
i installed windows 10 pro then installed nvidia drivers then restarted .
now no settings i select such as multi-tasking snap window settings are actually applied .
this is the third install and the third time i 've lost settings functionality after reboot .
not sure if i should be making a separate thread for this or posting it in the bugs thread .
having a serious case of the retrieving data bug it has happened to me in every single game i 've played the last 2 nights not sure if anyone else is suffering this issue .
in the past it would happen rarely maybe every 20 games but now it is every single game without fail regardless of the playlist warzone or arena .
i know i can just check waypoint/halotracker but this is really bugging me .
steamos has to seem like a unique experience sure similar to big picture but moving forward in order to differentiate the experience on a window 's pc with big picture or even a linux desktop with big picture it could be beneficial to create something unique that stands out amongst seemingly endless better alternatives within the existing pc community those are the people that tend to recommend pc centric setup 's
for instance bp mode could receive the same updates to the store and such but for the real steamos experience that could in theory be months ahead of big picture on app support and features changes aesthetic tweaks .
its not to say bp should n't get them eventually but if you want the latest additions and media extensions you would choose a dedicated installation over a desktop client update .
it would just give steamos that few months leap in terms of performance on the ui aesthetics and apps whilst keeping bp mode upto date with the store element so purchases are not effected .
im not saying yay or nay just wondering what people think ?
and my commitment to live in a positive way may transform
i am giving a top off roman zax acc in a good alliance for free .
i am searching for an experienced player to take it .
because i just lost 200k xp but whenever i kill myself again i do n't lose anymore xp ?
i think brining him in would be a good idea .
so any word on if ill need to reset my save data or if i wait long enough will i get the achievements for all the stuff i already did ?
i had all of the characters unlocked before this update so i ca n't get the achievements now because i ca n't unlock them again .
so will i just need to reset all my save data like the old days or if i wait will this be fixed ?
it 's a temp web adress maybe that has something to do with it ?
i read somewhere you need to change your permissions with numerical codes in the properties via ftp .
i tried it but i dont know if i did a good job .
i tried installing via a script and i also downloaded wordpress and put it on my server via ftp .
edit2 okay so i think it works now and i have no idea why .
i locked ftp waited for a minute got an internal server error wich was different from the 403 forbidden error and then unlocked again and now it works !
if someone could explain that to me would be lovely oh yeah and also put the permissions back to normal .
and the wordpress that i installed via script still doesnt work the manual one works now
i 'd imagine it 's an exclusive but i have n't heard anything other than that it 's going to eventually be released ... somewhere
this is for an assignment of mine but i ca n't find anywhere how to identify the characters in the string .
the program grader automatically changes the strings and characters into what it wants so i do n't need to ask the user what the string and letters are .
also my scoreboard has n't been working for two days .
so most of you guys know there is a video of me hacking '' that my friend fin was on 1 bar like the whole day.. so i was pvping with another friend and then i started lagging real bad dropping down to 1 bar i think the server was getting ddosed or something ... anyway on my screen he was in front of my so i was just cirting him out.. then on his screen in the recording he runs behind me and i started hitting him which shows the server was lagging for me idk why ... so if you think i hack ill happily let you guys ss me ... and he recorded that on the 15th and uploaded on the 14th when i download schematic mod.. and that was 1 day before he called hacks '' ... thanks .
i mean in one of the episodes he made like a million photos of his garbage .
even if we assume he printed them in a print shop and not used palaroid which it looked like that would cost hundreds of thousand of dollars .
the question is where did he get this money from ?
what 's the biggest band most popular successful well known to use the c word in a song ?
do n't judge just let us know where you heard it from an otherwise widely accepted band .
in australia screaming jets ' first album reached no 2 and had the class anthem f.r.c https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=l-zinf7pp4i but the earliest i ever came across the word was in dehumanise yourself from the police album ghost in the machine .
obviously it does n't come up in hit singles but what known bands have snuck it in ?
i 'll hit the high notes to try to keep it short 12x8 14x14 20x14 .
coated ambassadors on snare and toms w stock resos coated powerstroke 3 with the stock reso on bass i think stock reso is a coated or smooth ps3 also it 's a ludwig kit .
buying the heads over time and not all at once .
got a fiberskyn 3 ambassador not ps3 for the bass .
wanted a more resonant sound as close to an 18 '' as i could get a 20 '' to sound like .
getting a fairly thumpy sound from the coated ps3 .
just awful overtones used the handkerchief at base of pedal to dampen and it did n't do much .
tweaking tweaking tweaking 90 minutes later i switched it off and put it on reso side to try that coated ps3 back on batter .
better but still did n't feel or sound like what i was looking for .
tweaked for about an hour loosened it and went to bed .
looking for open resonant clean note sound with a dampened attack .
hi folks i 'd like to share my journey and ask for feedback .
i 've just got my fledgling business called captivate automation to a point that i 'm ready to start putting myself out to the world and talking to prospective clients .
my business will specialize in marketing and communications automation .
my guess is that our clients will be mid sized business who run ecommerce stores or crms or cmses that do n't have inbuilt automation capabilities .
my intention is to be be part consultancy part software company .
the software is about making it easy for our clients to query users in their database segment and then to do things with those users .
the software is made of two parts the first is a small php module that gets attached to a client 's existing user database that we use to run the queries we customize the module to fit their existing database structure and it provides an api that let 's the central piece of software query the client 's database .
the second central part of the software is the engine it does all the hard work and provides clients a really nice dashboard where they set up and monitor segmentation rules and manage the actions to take with their segments sending emails text messages social media posts generating reports and web hooks
i 've spent several months working after hours to build the software and it 's now comfortably at mvp level there 's still much to be done but the dashboard works well enough to demonstrate to potential clients .
from a high-level point of view the software provides a framework that makes it easy for us to offer customized automation services for our clients .
everything can be configured to work for lots of different clients .
hopefully that makes sense it 's hard for me to tell since i 'm so immersed in it .
as for the consultation side of things my partner is a marketing professional and i 'm a software engineer with a taste for marketing .
the intention is to offer a boutique service working closely with businesses to implement their email marketing and other automations .
we 'll help with design/copywriting/coding as well as customize the software suit them .
in this sense we 'll be like an agency rather than simply saas .
we also know our way around our competition so if our software does n't suit their needs we should be able to help them get set up with whatever does at our hourly rate .
the idea came from my work at several web agencies we had a few clients asking us about automating their comms .
there were about 5 or 6 requests over the last year or so .
we did n't have an answer for them because none of us knew what marketing automation was .
we had some idea about what the software to handle such tasks might look like but none of them wanted to pay the high price it would cost to build .
i changed jobs to a new web agency and the very first client i set up a cms for asked for automation in their brief .
again they did n't have the budget for a fully customized implementation and we did n't know that options already existed .
the idea sat with me for a while simmering .
i eventually started talking to my partner about it straight away she said oh yeah email marketing automation '' and i thus i discovered an entire industry .
further discussion with my partner brought to light that while there are solutions out there already and companies providing that service she 'd been working as a marketing manager for several decent sized companies over the years and had problems that none of the existing companies or software managed to solve .
and so together we fleshed out the requirements for captivate and i 've been flat out building the mvp since about june .
my plan is to build the company one client at a time starting locally melbourne australia and as soon as we 've successfully implemented a solution for our first client will quit my web dev job and pursue this full time and hopefully my partner can do the same with her current marketing job .
i have a meeting with my the sales director at my old web agency to run him through my mvp and show him how it works he has a couple of clients in mind to present it to .
if he lands me clients i 'll pay him a kick-back .
also i had great professional relationships with the businesses he 'll be pitching to i 've done major work for them in the past so there is already good trust .
i would also like to do some google and/or facebook advertising in order to drive traffic to my landing page and gauge interest i 'd like to invest some money in to test and refine my marketing messages and look for potential pivot points .
i 've set up a landing page and would love your feedback/criticisms etc before starting to advertise and meet with clients .
just wondering if anybody has had any luck getting the spotify android app to work with arc welder ?
just because that would let me download my songs instead of having to stream them .
so mr jackie earle haley is doing an ama right now and i just noticed in the comments redditor razzadoopz '' brought up the idea that he would make a great carnage for the mcu spidey .
does anyone else think that is the most amazing casting choice ever ?
i know carnage is several films away we need a proper venom first and its still too soon for venom but i suddenly want this to happen so very badly .
please kevin feige and sony please give me freddy krueger carnage and i promise to give you all my moneys .
life ran away with me and i have neglected to choose a property manager .
well i have chosen one in my head but i have n't done the paperwork etc .
what happens to the tenant 's next rent payment ?
or do the old managers keep taking their fee until i tell them to change ?
i ca n't use fucking signal or redphone because i have an old handset and it only goes up to ios7 or whatever .
it does n't necessarily have to be massively encrypted just not one that is prone to getting hacked and having all your conversations leaked etc
since there are no score counts during the live games like in most sports example og 1 2 secret
it would be great if you could slot in on the score of the series every 15 mins or so into the game so that those just tuning in would n't be left wondering if a team won/lost in the last round .
btw you guys have been doing a great great job so far for the game community i can not thank you enough .
please ignore this thread and thank you for the info guys .
i replaced my screen but after 3 weeks i got a black screen .
it seems to receive incoming messages/calls but i ca n't see anything .
is my screen replacement faulty or could it be something else maybe the battery ?
i 'm self studying japanese so there is no teacher that can tell me how bad and incomprehensible my handwriting is .
could anyone on this sub judge criticise and possibly give feedback to my japanese handwriting ?
i know my english one is bad too but let 's focus on the japanese one d
not aiming to have pretty handwriting just a comprehensible one .
i 'll be going to birmingham uk this weekend with 2 kids from my acacdemy who are competing at the junior euros .
anyone know any place where we can drop in friday ?
it really depends on the country area of country and the school .
there are just too many factors to take into consideration if it is n't narrowed down to one country .
you could get a teaching position in china even though the minimum age to teach there is 25 there are still plenty of schools that will do shady things in order to bring you there legally . ''
someone on this subreddit or maybe it was the fatshark forums mentioned that cousin okri is a dwarfism for a dead relative/friend in general .
however it would be fun to find out that okri is an actual character who shows up or bardin elaborates on it in-game .
in the original novel version she took a bottle hit from an enemy and the bullet did blow the chunk of her ear away tho .
i 'm a little disappoint that the manga version had changed this scene .
im in the uk but presumably the process is similar so if i get apples off of the tree in my garden why dont they keep this long ?
i 've made 3 lasting friends off of tinder .
whenever in a sc2 video i hear someone talk about hero units as if they 're moba characters/heroes of the storm chars i get uncomfortable .
your submission has been temporarily hidden because your account has a low amount of karma or is relatively new .
this is an automatic process for new accounts and does not mean your submission is considered spam .
please message the mods by clicking this link http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fcars amp subject=post 20release 20request amp message=link 20to 20post 3a 20https www.reddit.com/r/cars/comments/3ta4u7/حراج_السيارات_في_الأردن 0a 0amessage 20to 20include 20with 20request 3a 20 and we 'll manually release it !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cars if you have any questions or concerns .
wtf guys stop focusing mundo '' he has literally 300ad and an auto reset .
i dont think its a bogus idea the caliphate is a huge part of islam particularly the branch that isis adhears to .
this isnt a war of resentment or butt hurt teenagers this is radical delusional people who think that a man in the sky has their back .
they want a caliphate and they dont think that superpowers raining fire on them will keep god 's will from being realized .
you have been pm 'd the instructions for continuing the game .
how do you itemize against rageblade and devourer though ?
last game i was malphite against jax and yi and i just got completely shredded by magic and true damage against a full ad team .
did n't help that my whole team was losing i guess .
things that are not ca n't be because then nothing would't be .
you ca n't have fucking nothing is n't everything is .
i wish everyday that she would have kept it .
i 'm pro choice and all but god i wish we kept ours .
this article does n't mention women and children at all they just put it in their title and they cite radiofreeasia lol who apparently know someone involved in the raid even more lol .
so i guess we know where the next terrorist attack will be .
i love them but i also hate being around them . ''
30-35mg may not be enough to breakthrough if using a bong as its not as efficient as vaporising in a pipe .
if using a bong just layer it in between either ash weed or any other smokable herb like mullein .
do n't hold the flame to the bowl for too long as you may burn the dmt .
just get the top layer going and keep pulling to pull the heat through .
the onset is quite fast so be ready to sit back close your eyes and enjoy the ride .
but i 'm size 14 so i ca n't buy any that would fit me i just have to deal with what i can find
from most of the things i 've read it 's almost completely negligible as a story element .
it 's often just an excuse for the author to write a female character with the mindset of a male and/or as a lesbian .
they rarely ever explore the kind of identity crisis that would likely befall someone in that situation .
if they do it 's usually done purely for gags fanservice or just done quickly/poorly .
it 's just rarely ever done with any sort of thought given to it .
although realistically we would be set with just one income whether it 's mine or hers .
it would be awesome to just pay medical bills outright though !
right now we are putting away about 300 a month in savings .
we put our tax checks and stuff like that in savings too .
we are going to use it to pay off our car .
other than that i have about 25,000 in medical stuff i have to pay .
from the start i planned on having that taken care of as soon as i graduate college .
nah man he 's only got 8 hero cs at 8 minutes .
they wore it during the qualifiers did n't they ?
so it 's got nothing to do with the competition .
anyway italy did n't wear the badge in 08 and nor did spain in 2012 so i 'm guessing the answer is no .
just barely won a war against the teutonic order for neumark when bohemia allied to saxony and pommerania attacked me .
my allies all dishonoured the alliance so i was on my own .
managed to win through sheer luck took 2 bohemian provinces .
of course not all my conversations in immigrant communities follow this easy pattern .
in the wake of 9/11 my meetings with arab and pakistani americans for example have a more urgent quality for the stories of detentions and fbi questioning and hard stares from neighbors have shaken their sense of security and belonging .
they have been reminded that the history of immigration in this country has a dark underbelly they need specific assurances that their citizenship really means something that america has learned the right lessons from the japanese internments during world war ii and that i will stand with them should the political winds shift in an ugly direction . ''
once one of the greats and now its sad and even sickening to watch him .
every bit of fun from that was because of you even when it was n't you i was with . ''
she 's not sure if that sounds romantic or stupid but decides to roll with it .
they 're the same person haise just had a much easier life which slightly affected his personality .
the syrian passports found have been revealed as fakes .
in a world where we have iphones ipads bones that are millions of years old and hover boards i 'm shocked people still believe there is a god .
i think i might finally be ready to go after some low count cards ...
full sets awards gms fan choice art of the rebellion rebels defined luminary sketches intergalactic more
take any base ⚪🔵🔴 dupes to finish your sets leave ⚪ figrin d'ans ...
we got captain obvious here moving at the speed of stupidity
this does n't require some sort of massive restructuring effort .
you do n't have to worry about dividing them up into district then going through the who electoral college voting process .
dann lag deine kindheit entweder vor den 80ern oder du has das in der erinnerung verklärt .
vermutlich letzteres wenn du ernsthaft glaubst dass die jugend fürher weniger verdorben war .
how do you say my asshole just puckered '' in polish ?
yes when that movie came out in 21 years ago i saved that scene on vhs and have transferred it to every single media device that i own knowing that someday i would need it .
it 's not like you can just search for the iloveisis-hashtag and all isis accounts show up .
he will do he 's been involved to varying degrees with terrorists for decades .
this is n't to say he 's a sympathiser simply to say that after being around horror for a long time becoming inured to it at least to some degree is normal .
not only that but a lot of people do n't care and do n't feel particularly frightened .
as tragic as it is paris from a wider view is nothing much to worry about at all .
120 people dead out of millions in exchange for half a dozen of your own small force is the equivalent of putting a torch under your chin and going woo '' in terms of waging war .
the case here is with infernal council with which this is very easy to do since the fight is quick and there is no real danger of dying for any member of the team if they know what they are doing .
so if you have 8 people in the instance everyone engages their own mob and 7 kill theirs while the last one is making sure not to kill their own .
when only one is standing everyone but the one person stucks and revives to medcenter and the last person standing kills their target the target could have 5 hp at this point for example and loots the body .
only this person gets to loot it and only this person now has a lockout to the boss .
by rotating alts you could keep doing this pretty much indefinitely .
for other bosses it 's a bit trickier since you have got to be sure that you can actually kill the boss with the members that are left in to do the job .
still with no boss is this actually downright impossible .
lots of people are charged with lots of things .
the mere fact a person was charged is n't evidence of much .
there should be a custom quest of having like 15 poogie-sized dromes in a small arena like the one in mhfu
of course it 's not a miracle product but no cream is .
people often want to target dark circles because that 's what you see most .
they are genetic it 's your own veins you 're seeing through your skin the thicker your skin is the less visible they are .
you ca n't do much about it but keeping this area moisturized will plump your skin and this is what you primarily need .
even if your eye area is n't terribly dry using an eye cream will keep it moisturized which will prevent wrinkle formation .
is n't that your main goal when you 're into skincare ?
eyelids is where your skin is the thinnest full face creams are too rich and often cause milia in this area .
true brands often mark up eye creams but that depends on their target which is usually people who already experience heavy wrinkling and hope a miracle product will make it all go away .
ab has a lot of cheap and good alternatives skinfood the saem etc especially if you do n't have any major concern .
now it 's up to you whether you think it 's useful to you right now or not .
it 's a cool idea but it 'd be kind of a minor role for such an important character .
it 's more like a mmofps inspired by darkfall with heroes of the storm 's talent system and a little bit of tcg elements .
i do n't think there should be headshots and only tank hp should be adjusted because ttk to kill tanks is flat out ridiculous .
quake does n't really have headshots and probably takes more skill than fps games that do so honestly it 's not a requirement .
you also did n't need to reload in quake although you had a fixed amount of ammunition which probably could be implemented in some form in paladins .
the map objectives are not repetitive it is more like they are sort of badly designed at this point .
combined with the lack of heroes it can get boring fast for some .
it really is n't that bad though in mobas you are playing 1 map and here you have multiple .
back in the day nearly every town had a brewery because of refridgeration and transportation technology right ?
how many of these breweries are a remnant of that time ?
along with the bullet and beam blast damages you should also do some weathering on the kit as well .
nothing made me want to throw up on the internet more than this video that 's why i like franku .
and no english version of this one but you can also try here
i 'll take that over the 5 hammer titan team i faced last night for two games in a row before i quit out .
we would take the lead until they got their super train going .
the first game we were in the lead 6000 to 4500 when the first hammer titan sprung to life .
once vertical farming gets going you could reduce this area as well .
only bad thing about it is that my axe has to lose his red mist reaper tattoos
22 an hour with benefits and being able to join the uniun .
look up the qualifications and promotion path for detectives .
you just have to be picked by the crew for being just like them .
'' must have 100 hours of investigatiuon work '' . right .
so the boys just have you assigned for a month or two hanging around collecting donut crumbs before you are ushered in .
oh for sure let 's kill isis members and their leaders and prevent the deaths of innocents by all means .
stopping their executions rapes and organized attacks is pretty much an ethical mandate of our era .
but do n't confuse a potential ally from an enemy .
there is a huge massive difference between an isis member and a young boy who may or may not become an isis member in 2017 depending on the actions of people today .
the words and deeds of people in 2015 may determine the fate of god knows how many such boys and girls in the years to come .
i 'm with the guy above we definitely should do what we can to build a stronger culture and win those guys over .
because there is no cheaper and more surefire way to kill a future enemy than to turn him into a future friend .
it seems like you just made this post to brag about how good '' you are .
is there a court order for her to spend time with the kids ?
if not then i 'd tell her to cut out the bogus complaints or she will be cut out of the kids lives .
i think they 're super short staffed now and no one seems to want to work there anymore lol .
me and a group of friends usually meet there for breakfast on the weekend .
it 's really just an excuse to hang out and shoot the shit on a lazy sunday we just go in not expecting to get fast service and it 's a good time .
only other place that does cheap breakfast in town is bully 's so it is what it is .
post 90s generation have never seen the kind of hardship that was commonly experienced in the 80s and thus have less bite perhaps but are also more trusting more curious and less jaded than previous generations in my experience .
they expect a nice work culture not too long hours but are also less prone to cheating and cutting corners as they take themselves as individuals more seriously .
i think he 's looked as good as one can without scoring the past few games .
he 'll get his just needs to get the first one out of the way .
i have frame issues in co-op sometimes for example going into caves but other than that solo i have no problems .
sure some shading could be done but other than that these look amazing !
i really like how you did gaius 's hair .
i do n't really see that much of a problem with this .
if oxford 's goal is to select which word is relevant for the year then i think it 's appropriate .
like when selfie got it in 2013 and vape got it in 2014 .
similarly how times has their person of the year '' its not the most inspirational '' its genrerally someone that best defines the year from a historical perspective and/or may pocess much relevance in the years to come .
like putin getting it in 2007 or hitler in 1936 .
i do n't wrap any of my fruits or veggies in plastic unless cut and they last way longer than what is indicated on the chart ... .for example ... i bought cauliflower 2 weeks ago and tossed it into the veggie drawer sans wrap ... it 's still good .
be gracious the boyz get angsty when mum 's late bringing dinner downstairs
a puncturing board looks more like a chainsword if you squint a little
i was trying to set up the dhcrelay on the enc interface .
the man page suggested that it works over enc interfaces out of the box ... until i read to the bottom of the man page in the bugs section stating dhcrelay does not work over the enc interface .
whilst it sounds simple it does require more design than that .
blizzard really does n't like their players having a choice in the way they recieve their games .
we ca n't choose player colours for ladder we ca n't choose to have different main menu layouts we ca n't choose to not see the skins our opponents use we ca n't change the command card layout to make grid hotkeys exactly like we want to we ca n't even veto maps properly .
they are n't going to break the habit of a lifetime for something that so few people want that i ca n't remember anyone asking for it before .
ah the plough inn so many memories made there many of the i do n't even remember the next day .
what if i told you that i sleep until 9:40am and go to work at 10am ?
nah because whether you were aware or not you 've patted a lalafell in the dream within a dream '' before .
we 've all patted a lalafell in there before ...
in the album how is the staff rare with only 1 prefix and a master crafted suffix ?
can we ban do n't be an asshole in pug 's '' posts as part of sob stories '' ?
when you play on survival you do n't really care for rads .
they 're so common to contract and you only survive a couple hits anyways .
if you die you 're handling the situation wrongly .
for a good chunk of the game i had 3 hp total because of all my rads .
radaways are n't very common in survival at least at the start and i spent most of my time trying to find a settlement with a doctor .
right and then there is the trial of blood right to actually get to use the name .
cono sur and csar do not anknowledge this unlawful claim and will ignore it .
you can not immediately come into this country and pass a background check without committing a felony gun show vendors actually do require a background check .
if you actually read a 4473 which you apparently never have you have to be a resident of the state in which the firearm is purchased .
you must have also been a resident for 90 days .
must of have been pretty hard drawing that on something so small
too bad it looks like a vagina with a beak attached to it
as a stoic you have to decide which expectations to accept as well as realize that sometimes fulfilling the expectations is n't in your control .
what bad vice could occur if you do n't live up to the expectations ?
there is a time and place for emotions and you have to responsibly allocate these emotions .
'' rabble rabble thermodynamics rabble rabble rabble missing link fossils blah blah blah the jews buried all the dinosaur bones in the 1920s ''
hmm there 's not really much that i would want right now and the offer only allows a week to use it .
edit nevermind i decided to preorder a game with the 15
unexpected expenses push back my cobb stage 2 upgrade until january on the old budget spreadsheet but she 's got raceland primo adjustable coilovers and the wheel 's she 's running are 17x9 up from the stock 16x6.5 so she handles amazingly on tarmac .
i 've got some forester struts and springs that i plan on installing for winter once i get my rally wheels and wrap them in blizzaks .
i lucked out and found a wrx that was single owner 0 mods and adult owned .
ca n't wait to wake her up a bit with stage one in a few weeks .
are there any really cool apps that are mac exclusive for webdev that i might find incredibly useful ?
you already use illustrator probably but you might like it better https www.sketchapp.com
i like to play around with different image editors sometimes so why not apply it where i can ?
that does not surprise me in the least overweight men are not viewed kindly in our society .
overweight people in general do n't receive the best treatment .
i like my original bralette but it kind of makes my boobs move to the sides .
that would honestly be the funniest shit c9 please do it .
the fucking theme song of baseball playing over a notre dame football promo .
some other big ones we have n't seen in a while are help/slip/franklin 's st stephen estimated scarlet/fire and of course which i 'm feeling for tonight ... terrapin .
could this be the fabled username relevant thread for me ?
it does have range drop off but i am unsure of the distance .
i built my pc but i do n't consider myself it proficient .
it 's a funny story but it has to be bullshit .
stores go out of business there are natural disasters people get sick riots break out etc etc etc .
if you have a work visa you ca n't travel
umm yes you can ... in fact you can use your work visa as a valid id at tsa ...
if you do n't think our parents and grandparents were islamophobic even pre 9/11 ... oh boy .
they 've always taken issue with anyone non jew/christian .
perhaps religion was a focus in the us but it was n't in the uk .
indian pakistani jamaican middle eastern african immigrants whether hindu muslim jewish catholic or protestant would all get equal share of suspicion or casual racism from older generations .
it was n't targeting a particular group it was exclusion of anything considered non-native '' which is a very different approach .
your comment does feed into my point though which is that non-specific bias is n't shared worldwide in the same way .
with non-specific racism/xenophobia there 's little or nothing uniting the bigotry of different nations .
each nation has different immigrant populations the us has a far lower indian immigrant population than the uk the uk has no mexican immigrant population etc .
the prejudices among natives '' vary according to the immigrant population .
each nation would play the hand it was dealt '' in terms of its particular biases sometimes with little in common with other nations .
but post-9/11 every country is focusing their prejudice against one particular subset the muslim population .
and not only their own immigrant muslim population but the immigrant muslim population of other countries and the native muslim populations of muslim countries .
you never saw brits or french getting worked up about mexican immigration in the us or americans complaining about indian immigration to the uk .
but nowadays you have french bigots hate us and french muslims equally uk bigots hating us muslims 5000 miles away etc .
the same particular segment of each country 's population has now become targeted by every country .
it 's shared it 's global and it 's targeted making it a very different atmosphere from generalized xenophobia or racism .
technically the apt word is persecution '' but somebody here will throw a shitfit if i use that term and i 'm trying to keep the discussion on an objective level .
and with online communication everyone in every country knows it 's shared .
that 's what is weird to me kids are growing up knowing that wherever they travel at least within the western world the same atmosphere targeting the same group will pervade .
anyways celestial being provided the world with a common enemy they could n't take down alone .
it was only when they started planning operations together as one that they could take on cb .
that was the sole purpose of cb coming to fruition .
they wanted the world to turn on them but in the process to become united as one .
as an intermediate stage you also had the saturn 's 3d control pad http segaretro.org/file analogpad.jpg from 1996 .
drive up to ikea they have butchers block countertop in unfinished wood .
i know how grenades work them stopping you is intentional and not an issue .
this is a somewhat complex conversation to have here but i 'll leave you with some of my ideas
aaa games became very expensive to make so they must maintain wide market appeal .
and you are part of a somewhat niche audience.. so basicaly those games are not being made for you anymore .
companies want to grow so they naturaly capitalize on their success with niche audiences to try to make something that would get them to the big league .
that kind of more in depth rpg were usually made by mid range development studios not one of the big boys but also not 5 guys in a garage .
but somehow most of those disapeared for a while absorbed by the big publishers or bankrupted locked in contract develepment or just lacked the means to make their games visible .
they are somewhat making a return backed on ressurecting somewhat dead genres thanks to the growth of digital distribution and new funding oportunities like kickstarter .
you have the examples of obsidian and inxile making isometric rpg 's telltale 's new adventure games paradox 's strategy games becoming fairly popular etc .
you are right in saying that there is a trend if you look at it from the perspective of ip 's or companies .
but not as much if you look at the whole landscape as the hole left by the likes of bethesda and bioware are slowly being filled by smaller deveopers .
i love how joe always has the right things to say .
come come i have about 3 1/2 more pounds in the freezer .
if he had any political acumen he would n't be a nobody .
what 's he done of significance in the last 13 years ?
no doubt it implies that hose old fogies are worthless sandbags just taking up space air and other precious resources ... kind or stinks of social darwinism
i am in mobile but the evilgrin '' part really makes me suspicious ...
i honestly think with the degree that my ais was i would have chosen to be female .
i do n't know if you know this but ais is a scale not a definite set of symptoms .
so pais is partial ais and is when your body is somewhat responsive to androgen and you can appear at a 1 on the scale very masculine to a 6 very feminine .
then there is complete ais which is where you are completely insensitive and you look female .
these are usually the children that are not diagnosed until their teens when they do n't have their periods .
that being said i have pais and i am around grade 5 maybe ... so very feminine with some ambiguous genitalia .
i feel that if i had a choice i would have chosen to be female and i think i would have identified that way .
i am glad for the gender my parents chose i am just not happy for the normalization surgery .
i feel like that took away all agency towards my body and now i am left with the remains of what was deemed abnormal .
remember to leave feedback within the play books app telling them what happened .
enjoy the good times you had and move on ... just stop reaching out to her because if it is meant to be she is the one who is going to have to chase after you ... let her miss you !
it might take you getting in to another relationship for her to realize she lost a good thing ...
you motherfuckers told me totw 10 would be weak as hell .
i paid 69p once i 've had it 4 years every year free upgrade .
the game tells me that i leveled up after i go back a save to where i did n't just murder the entire town .
the officiating was n't even that bad the first 3 quarters it was going really well until the last 8 minutes or so of the game .
the raps were earning most of their fts through out the game .
edit also why the 2 point play at the end ?
stukov was a ghost unit in scbw so it wouldnt be too far to consider the possibility
plus i got a steal on the ah got a sakic 50k .
well it 's just a nightmare on my mobile then i guess .
i 'll just say that i 've done and i 'm doing all i can leaving no stone unturned .
the ps controller seems to be one of the best examples of if it aint broke do n't fix it '' the ps4 controller is one of the most comfortable controllers i have ever held i love it .
then you can easily move storage volumes around post-install .
if there 's anything we can do in w386 to help let us know .
i 'd be happy to make an official forum post ?
i looked at ice cream fitness a couple weeks ago briefly and i know i 'm probably wrong but working out three times a week just does n't seem like enough and eating 2500-2800 calories on off days when there 's more off days than on days is definitely counterintuitive at first glance .
tbh at that speed it looks to me that it could go either way really .
iggy could have sold it really well and lowry might 've hooked onto his arm .
either way if i 'm a ref at that point in the game play on .
actually made notes of every game over a time of 4 weeks .
after restrict was lifted there was a noteable difference .
all i could think of is what about the throws ? ''
youre going to spar and cover your head while i slowly grab you and knee you no way am i passing up that oppurtunity .
a subreddit for gifs of humorous or randomly well-timed video overlay graphics .
i had an ex that would text another girl 'good morning ' 'hope you had a good day ' 'sweet dream hun ' things like that .
they never talked about sex nor ever had sex but it was another emotionally intimate relationship he was having with her when we were exclusive .
and pictures dont always have to be sexual either .
i can send a selfie to a friend and no one bats an eye but if i was sending pictures like that everyday to someone who was n't my so questions would begin to arise
they were indeed flash-bangs according to one of the correspondents with a police background on cnn .
oh no please tell me there is not to be a judicial committee !
kershaw guy has them going on now for 85 new !
the only way he looks more similar to josuke really is his color palette .
the style of his pompadour is more similar to kuwabara 's than it is josuke 's as well as his outfit .
as i said all these characters are a part of a notable archetype in anime/manga .
it 's not even an archetype that araki invented or popularized himself .
it 's basically the japanese equivalent of a greaser which is why i have a hard time believing that knuckle was inspired by josuke in particular .
you would n't automatically think that 2 greaser characters were specifically related to one another just because they looked similar .
here 's a couple of pics of her decide for yourself http www.pornhub.com/album/1961212
so i 'm thinking it 's either she can somehow hear in the higher ranges or she 's smelling the burning and freaking out .
i do n't understand how a person could possibly get this outcome without actually trying to go for ... you know what .
you have to stay in one room and pace in it for ages grinding .
if this outcome '' could be reached simply by walking through the ruins normally and never using mercy i 'd understand it .
but instead it requires very unintuitive actions listed above so i do n't get how it could ever be triggered without intention ?
i feel like we got at least 3 last year but yeah raptors get fucked by the refs so fucking often
i do not think it 'll be put on sale .
the question i 'm answering is whether i should save the 60 for other games not for fo4 going on sale .
what is this 15 ps4 credit people are talking about ?
but i think the shadows were mainly created by looking through the recon scope it darkens everything .
fallout 4s disk is something like 6 gb of game data while the game is around 24gb total .
the disk cuts between 1/4 and 1/3 off the download of the rest of the game .
epidural was amazing and i had no complications or problems .
fast labor only pushed for about 30 min minimal damage to me .
my son is very attached and our breastfeeding relationship is great .
found a blue one on the boat with the horrifying dolphin shark thing
crying is n't so bad it 's when freaking out about crying makes you cry more so you get soggy instead of misty .
sudafed can help with the puffy eyes and stuffy nose if you fall into this trap .
in an hour it will be day 9,287 for me .
damn it 's crazy asf to know that we have things like this fucking rockets with bombs !
because the only top 40 prospect from wa is callum ah chee who will likely be gone by our picks .
taking a wa player who is a much lower rated prospect over an interstate player we rate higher would be silly as we have had a pretty good retention rate in recent years .
certain children are not allowed to play with certain toys specifically because of their gender .
i mean nic is cool and all but does he toss signed lean cuisines to fans ?
also observed '' on date i was out sick .
details of the observation were not familiar to me and when i asked about it i was ignored .
both principal and ap were later investigated but it took a few years .
it felt nice to get a little justice for the huge life upheaval i went through though .
well it 's probably a lot harder to do if you just smoked a gram of opium too .
your submission has been automatically removed because it lacks content or a link .
if you intended this as a text post you surely have more on your mind than what you have typed in the comment section .
you can view the subreddit rules here http www.reddit.com/r/globaloffensive/wiki/rules .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/globaloffensive if you have any questions or concerns .
i do n't think there could be anything else .
real seel what would happen if the pokemon seel was in real life .
i wonder how many of top 's old songs were beat by blurryface tracks because of being lesser known
definitely a smart movie noone know if it will be a big thing or not .
nonetheless i believe the first really polished fun vr mmo rpg will sweep the entire planet just like wow did .
tonight i spent 28 and my best pull was a lw-rw change position .
i dunno man there 's only so much you can put on the refs .
i 'll agree that some calls went our way at the end but when you 're down three with ten seconds left and you do n't take a 3 you do n't deserve to win
as much as i 'd love to give you a code i already gave them to the winners i 'm sorry !
guys talked about wanting to make e6 and i referenced this scene .
in the article i caught this sentence in a computer the numeric values may be represented by two different voltages . ''
so is my computer preset to look for two different voltages voltage a it interprets as zero '' and voltage b is interpreted as one '' ?
1 looking for a calm show but not in a cute girls doing cute things '' kind of way .
2 looking for a dark intense anime preferably from somewhere around the 90 's or early 2000 's sci-fi would be really awesome .
i 've reaally like texhnolyze and now and the here and there from that theme and time period
all of them are pretty good except that mgs v was largely unfinished story wise .
that said i feel like f4 stands on par with most of them the witcher 3 is a bit better as an rpg though .
i bet you 'll also get some love in r/hairypussy
do you think the shock trooper will be restocked since walmart basically deleted it from their inventory ?
yeah i remember when i played the mission i made some naughty choices and i never got to play the final guy ...
it saddens me that they would include alternative endings to the mission that alter the reward
also i never beat the baron but i later found his card and i realized i never got the reward card for completing the gwent velen players mission
if i start a new playthrough do i have to start from square one with the initial starter cards ?
i do n't have any back saves and i 'm on ps4
hey there would i be able to grab parise whenever you have a chance !
this movie is going to create many new dank memes .
i hope those will replace some of the old ones .
i appreciate this way more than calling it a build .
everyone here is talking about her heal which is of course very strong but her damage is n't too shabby either .
i did n't downvote but i suspect you 're being downvoted because it 's really much easier just to read a post on reddit and answer a question there .
clicking this post brings us to your twitch which first of all feels a bit like you 're trying to bring in more viewers .
second the sound levels on your vod are n't great ... the combat sounds are loud and you 're speaking quietly .
also even though i 've never tried to do what you 're asking i just googled global cd weakauras and found plenty of information .
i would guess that contributed to your downvotes as well .
it seems like you 'll need to use an ability that has no actual cd so it can display the gcd instead .
there are also addons that track your gcd ... historically i 've used quartz .
your ui is not my cup of tea but it 's great if it works for you .
the worst was when he broke down crying over people keeping joe and went on about jocks .
it 's so crazy to think that savage is 54 and still kicking ass .
if she decided to replace you you should do the same .
i was in the exact same position as you .
that stuff is on a whole nother level at the other stadiums but isis doesnt make saddam look like a good guy ya kno .
you guys just passionate as far as i can tell .
i know the avg philly fan is some business guy or tristate worker who isnt trying to kill over respect .
i went to a jags game this year man ... you should have seen that bunch .
it was exactly how you would picture their fans lol .
i really appreciate the exercise in practicing concision and precision on this .
brick a vagabond thief-for-hire is forced to help manage a criminal empire under siege and ambition to usurp the throne when he is caught stealing a mastermind councilman 's seal of authority .
you never know gmg might have a good deal on it .
if my son was a girl i was pushing for the name aletheia
done i reposted my thread an english link is in the comments sadly reddit has no 'hide from public ' function like youtube 's 'unlisted ' so i guess i 'll delete this thread .
better than any of the worthless stuff you 've provided .
at least mine actually relates to the subject of is arlington dangerous for pedestrians '' .
i remember a long time ago the cabbies went on strike over something so nyc had almost no cabs on the streets .
yeah i do n't mean to say obeying authority is a bad quality .
just that you have to be able to figure out for yourself if the authority is wrong and when it 's best to defy it .
because saying immigration is not the problem '' is n't entirely true .
it 's not the single point of failure but it 's a part of the problem .
it also tells you pretty much why the vince youngs of the nfl are so unsuccessful .
you need to be smart to figure this stuff out .
you should have been on their email list earlier this year .
they were having lift ticket deals of 4 packs i think it was .
what if he actually attacked him because he did n't take the candy ?
see a lot of things i like.will look at that site as well .
i get headaches and sever tension in my jaw to the extent where my temples feel as though they are tightening up and my jaw becomes stiff .
i cry all the time and can not stop .
when i see things the color loses its vibrancy .
i lose my temper and feel like i 'm literally going to explode with rage .
it works with merc 1 so why would n't it work with rat
we should draft another 2 just to be safe .
stupid to think these companies will experience explosive growth after paris .
these companies are n't going to ramp up production just because there has been a terrorist attack .
they do not need a 1000 extra drones to fight a rag-tag bunch of guys in flip flops in the desert .
well you say clearly '' but apparently it is n't clear to everyone ... .
mouseover or click to view the metric conversion for this comment http fiddle.jshell.net/convertstometric/xhk4y5h5/show/light ? 10 20lbs 20 204.5 20kg 0a 10 lbs 4.5 kg
unfortunately your account does not have enough karma to submit things to r/videos at this time .
r/videos requires users to have a minimum of 10 link and 10 comment karma .
we suggest that you comment in some popular threads and make submissions to other subreddits to build up your karma and then come back .
we are sorry for any inconvenience caused and look forward to your submissions in the future .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/videos if you have any questions or concerns .
xavi also says that messi can be a jokester in this article which is something i ca n't really imagine for some reason
was this made from a shelf you bought somewhere or did you custom build it ?
one day i will have a shelf like this .
i never fire with lethal weapons on guards and i only destroy uavs on the core platform .
even if i get into a combat alert i can still make it to the core and get no wormhole doing all of the above .
but if i get a second combat alert that seems to guarantee a wormhole will be generated .
are girls happy to engage in sword fights with their breasts ? ?
rogan is as much of a fraud as edmund is .
i wish you all the best with the new car .
i get that writing about your cars is your job .
your submission has been removed as it is windows free week .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/linuxmasterrace if you have any questions or concerns .
keep the frame data to keep them feeling heavy give some super armor to make the more frames not suck .
but regardless of if he caused a foul or not melo would 've still lost the ball .
if he intentionally fouled him with a wrap-around or hacked his body then yeah definitely there would have been a call .
or even if melo regained possession of the ball and went up for the bucket and then marvin williams fell on him .
but because of the fact melo lost the ball before he could get a shot up and marvin williams was going with the intention of just blocking his shot it was more intuitive decision on the refs end to let that one go .
took an internship for two months last summer that paid in total 7k .
i might give that a try i 've actually never had cottage cheese ... or i might buy some greek yogurt
i have added a black outline but cut it away with the fill-in learned that technique from a character writing crewmember .
do n't know if it fits my simple characters tho .
plants 'filter ' nitrates from the soil in the exact same way we 'filter ' protein from a fucking hamburger .
it has nothing to do with cleaning the water for fish as ponds and groundwater are often instrumental in the eutrophication process .
needs to exist in some form of equilibrium to avoid toxicity or deficiency at any point .
look i 'm telling you honey i did n't get cold feet .
mchale fired harden to score 40 with a triple double against the poor defensive backcourt in portland .
i 'm 22 and look maybe 18 on a good day .
i live for the discomfort of clerks at the liquor store when i walk up to pay for the first time if i 've never been there before .
bonus points if i wander around for a while and look like i 've never seen the inside of a liquor store before .
can we boost the amount of fresh water by covering lakes and retention ponds with shades or those black ball things to slow evaporation and allow more time to trickle down ?
are areas with more robust ground rock like the sub appalachians like limestone and granite less susceptible to this ?
you may be able to check from the operating system .
since these are n't real ilos you should be able to use ipmitool to control it .
i still switch from my hung jury to tuonela for pvp sometimes .
the immigrants you 're hearing about in the news are most likely the syrian refugees .
they 've been forced to leave their country because of isis and the airstrikes from the west .
and europe is the closest 'safe ' place for them to travel too due to the eu human rights act it would be illegal to send them back too syria until it is deemed safe .
around 02 hours 45 minutes into this vod for the game
did someone have a rough breakfast with mom this morning ?
he seemed to not want to learn o'brien 's offense and slacked on his routes did n't block dropped passes etc .
people talk about how he lit up once we had to start case keenum but i 'm wondering if that 's because keenum did n't have time to learn o'brien 's offense either so they went back to basics .
just tell her what you want and be open about it .
i have't seen these friends in forever and i 'd love to reconnect with them at the event .
who knows she might be up for it and be down to have her own night to catch up on reading shows youtube ?
who knows just have a conversation about it and do n't let it become personal
watch trihex do a yoshi island speed run and look up kaizo super mario world runs .
how can yasuo send his enemies to the gas chamber even though the door is locked ?
mcneil has also said he does n't support legalization of marijuana and the nslp austerity measures directly contradict what the federal party believes .
if you were to extend kr to a point p where pa is parallel to be you will have created two similar triangles apk and eok .
ak 2ek this means that pk 2ok in other words o is the middle of pk and f is the middle of ok .
this means that aok and efk are also similar and since ak 2ek ao should be 2ef
i knew this but ... never realized how feminine the name shel could sound .
i 'd have to agree with focusing on getting an epherium lightning necklace first if you want a big spike in damage i was surprised at how much more damage i did when i got mine
as your brain processes the words you see it constantly looks for patterns and familiarities that it can use to fire neurons in the same patterns that it is used to in order to process what you see .
when it finds something that does n't fit within the usual patterns you begin to obtain this feeling you describe .
this is n't like the other words i 'm used to ! ''
yeah although wo n't go for someone without either .
a moany sad or depressed girl is not the girl for me .
i like one that 's smiling like 90 of the time p
you know i 've heard of that style of waste collection .
does everyone just slowly pile up their trash bags at the end of their driveways/lawns throughout the week ?
where i live we have nearly fully automated waste collection .
the city gives each house this huge rubbish bin the kind so big you could n't move it easily if it did n't have built-in wheels and once a week a truck with an impressive robotic arm comes by to pick it up and empty it out .
no workers ever get out of the truck and the whole process happens so fast it is amazing to watch .
easily 2-3x faster than having a bunch of humans empty bins into the back of a truck .
also because the bins are so large there 's pretty much always plenty of extra room in everyone's bin on trash day at least in my neighborhood .
we rarely get ours up to half full and we have five people living in our house the same-size recycling bin is a different story we never have enough room in that one !
note in real life that robotic arm will grab the bin empty it and put it back down in about 3 seconds .
much faster than that slow demonstration in the video .
i would n't be surprised if the trash robot '' drives itself soon completely eliminating the need for a human driver .
it also does n't really need to come to a complete stop when picking up and emptying the bins .
right now it does but i assume it 's just a safety protocol .
sooner or later i 'm sure they 'll get the safety proven to the point where the bin will be grabbed and emptied so fast that the truck wo n't even have to stop moving .
well i mentioned monk to show that he fights with fists but to be exact he 's more like a rogue+mage .
at some points he can commit minor crimes and get related with daedric princes .
looks like i will have to come up with more specific roleplaying character .
it 's not much related with this build but would i be able to call a daedric worshipper a monk ?
yesterday a woman came in and just ordered a venti black coffee .
she went over to the condiment bar and saw that we did n't have any splenda we 'd run out the day before and were expecting the order to arrive last night .
she then proceeded to cause a scene and raise her voice at us saying you do n't even have one packet of splenda in this entire building ?
you 're a coffeeshop and you do n't even have splenda .
how can you even consider yourselves a coffeeshop this is absolutely ridiculous .
i expect you to have splenda when i come to starbucks . ''
we had equal and sweet 'n low and raw sugar and granulated sugar just no splenda .
i only played x-wing and tie figher with tf being the better of the two .
not only is it an excellent game but it 's also the only game ever that made me feel like a tiny cog in a huge machine .
the thing that bugged me about the complaints about the destination wheel is that you can effortlessly rig it in your favor .
yeah in the video description they rant about youtube money .
he was the same way in runescape back when he created content there .
i do n't even know how you could think that though because he does n't only get mad when he 's trolled .
'' since singapore there have been some changes to our car which seem to have shifted the direction of the waves '' he told sky sports news hq .
'' so i need to try and figure out why that is and how i can get back on it .
their annual awards are best in such and such category .
i have like 35-40 solo kills and ive died 4-5 times .
3 times to barrage teams that wouldnt let me escape .
holy crap i thought counterspell '' was some sort of legal slang used in court until i kept reading
well i agree there ... you ca n't get rid of encryption by outlawing it you 'll only manage to make law abiding citizens more vulnerable to criminals .
but i just do n't think it helps anyone to trivialize what goes into making good encryption .
something along the lines of how bf4 's conquest sounds better suited .
i 'll go see a movie for 10 and it will only be 2-3 hours max .
if i can get a game with a similar enjoyment experience that is 6x as long i 'm happy .
getting all the stunts casey jones and finding all the god damn blast shards nearly killed me so it was so rewarding to see it pop up in the corner .
i think you 're getting mixed up with the korean war
you 're lucky to have this kind of relic of your family .
in our family the oldest known just starts from my great grandparents the family tree was n't talked about that 's why it was taken to the grave .
it 's time to stop worrying about peoples feelings and make action .
those are the people who does n't take their religion seriously .
the ones who do take it seriously has a set of beliefs that contradict the most of the western worlds belifes .
let 's deal with the problem at its roots .
edit what i 'm saying guys is that it 's important that there is internal debate within the muslim societies .
not that western world should engage in warfare with the entirety of islam .
i think this is my favorite song in the album
this is n't about islamophobia its about a group of turkish citizens disgracing a tribute to the dead .
i am waiting for the turkish authorities to issue some kind of statement ... tensions are too high for this ...
the landlord is n't even legally renting the unit .
i do n't get why op would comply with anything they are asking .
any threats on the landlord 's part are going to be empty because any action he takes will expose the fact that he 's renting the place to the bank .
you can tell where the enemy team will spawn in clash .
i do n't know what i would do without you james
i 'd rather it be damage based or just every one gets a fair shot something like every one gets to be the hero 2/3 times per match .
but since it 's the way it is i feel like it 's a must to use orbital strikes/grenades/and other power ups ar the right time against the hero 's .
just shooting them with your regular guns is no better than rolling dice .
i exclusively run outside and do work outs at home .
the videos i used were ripped in 30 and yoga inferno .
i also live in south texas so weather while often very hot usually permits out door running .
i 'm considering a gym membership though because my kids and new puppy can complicate a thorough workout .
it is all about whatever you think you 'll actually commit to/enjoy doing .
only things that produce material goods have any value to society duh .
i 'd do anything to see him on zed again or ahri or something like that
flooding the theatres with star wars will make it not exciting anymore .
new star wars movies are supposed to be a big deal but with disney 's new business model it will be more of an eh it 's just another star wars movie .
april 23rd never heard of her but i like the look of this 'jessica https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jessica_stam stam ' https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/john_cena but i 'd have to be crazy not to go for champ https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/john_cena
you 'd have to wait for it to stop though and i 'm not sure it would .
if you take her to court sue her for the cost an equivalent alienware pc then build your own .
with that many bodies each body should have a very strange orbital pattern .
unless you let the bottled beer age a condsiderable amount of time i 'd guess there wo n't be any very noticeable issues .
if you keep it around for a couple of months or more then it 's possible some off flavors might develop .
they were off the moment someone decided to see an adam sandler movie .
well of course when you live in the greatest country in the universe .
when i was in high school i mentioned seeing an ad like that in class and no one believed me .
ive been watching youtube tutorial videos on java to learn it .
i dont know why we have been given this task but none the less i have .
all i need to do is get it to print the last bit by friday and i need some help
a normal supremacist normal nationalist and neo-normal organization seeking to advance normal culture and ideals .
do you accidentally have the switch plugged back into itself causing a switch loop ?
what are the lights on the switches doing when this happens ?
my laptop is dying playing this game i 'm impressed i can get it to run it would explode if i tried this .
guessing you live in australia ... .. only way to get those trap 's or did you pay outragus price 's on ebay ?
i know that statement and i knew someone would post it .
and now please show me where it says that it should be as easy as it was before !
again why would they label it as a h2 or h4 if they did n't think that it should be done with 2 or more people at least when you are at that level range .
seriously if you are at level 60 or 65 and are going back to do heroics and ca n't beat them even without a companion you are doing something wrong .
i ca n't say how wrong this whole i want everything without doing anything '' attitude is in terms of game design .
i hope they stay true to their decisions as these are what appeals me and many others that play since launch with or without pauses inbetween to the game .
ultimately if you do n't like it how the game 's mechanics were/are before 4.0 and after 4.0.2 just quit it and stop whining .
do n't attempt to ruin the game for the people who liked it before it was changed .
go play something else that suits your playstyle more .
and do n't claim that you ca n't do heroics which in no-way ever were part of the promoted story-focus and therefore solo-ability although eric said you can solo them by your own .
cult hero to me is a player who is loved for one partiular moment or being good without remarkable but reading your comment has made me think .
i 'm supposed to be vanoss in this gif i made
i 've always been really fascinated with the set symbol design and this really encapsulates almost all of it into a form that both introduces the nuance to newer players and expands the knowledge of older players .
very interesting to see the bit about how the newer symbol design is departing from the mathematically perfect '' icons of the past and how that affects our perception of it it 's an interesting look into color and design theory .
the only thing i 'm surprised was not mentioned was how the khans and dragons symbol bear the same outer contour which i always thought was a very cool way to represent both the sets and the interrelationship between them .
i also noticed for the first time while looking through the article that the lorwyn and shadowmoor symbols may have been intended to be linked as well .
rotate lorwyn 's stylized leaf 90 degrees cw and flip it horizontally and it only takes a little tweaking to get it to the shadowmoor symbol .
basic currency like alterations etc do flow a lot more in maps as you find a lot more gear .
also will find a lot more 6 socket items for jewellers .
chaos will come from being able to do the chaos recipe as well as a few more drops .
and if you couple that with getting better gear and more levels you will be clearing maps quickly so more currency per hour .
but really you will only get large amounts of currency via trading .
do n't expect to get multiple exalts from drops the best i have ever done in a temp league is 3 or 4 as drops .
you do n't have to trade a huge amount i know i vendor stuff that is probably sellable and i definitely underprice a lot of gear but i still manage to pick up enough currency to manage most builds and have enough to play with/waste .
if you want to make enough currency to start expensive builds especially if you want to do so quickly in a temp league that 's when you need to have a strategy e.g rushing to high level maps to sell crafting bases being one of the first to farm atziri or just plain old high mf farming .
there is an alarming and ironic amount of truth in this .
oh yeah ... now i think i remember reading that before .
i 'll add it at about 6 minutes left on my next boil and see if i notice an improvement .
i told him to stay and forgot to tell him to come after .
about an hour later i realized it 's beem a hour since i 've seen him .
he 's lost in the city somewhere all alone .
wow thanks for playing out the shit you dont like just because it was n't here when you fucking got here .
i 'm glad a better miner than me showed up to answer this .
i just knew the general idea from seeing it in other games b
i had always used sulfate shampoos etc so the recent switch was my first attempt into a no-poo regimen .
at first i used shea moisture coconut hibiscus curling shampoo https www.amazon.com/dp/b0038txgl0/ref=cm_sw_r_awd_ljstwbdz8t2k3 and sheamoisture coconut amp amp hibiscus curl amp amp shine conditioner https www.amazon.com/dp/b00eumc62o/ref=cm_sw_r_awd_3jstwbewy88aj .
after towel drying i 'd put a little sheamoisture coconut amp amp hibiscus curling gel souffle https www.amazon.com/dp/b00hu6z8li/ref=cm_sw_r_awd_jmstwb2tycbsk .
but that left my hair feeling dry and puffy .
so i added in shea moisture coconut amp amp hibiscus curl amp amp style milk https www.amazon.com/dp/b0038tytso/ref=cm_sw_r_awd_aostwbev0z9hp after towel drying and only used the gel to control fly aways etc after everything was completely dry and styled .
my hair felt the best it 's felt in years .
but after about two weeks of this my hair started to get weighed down/greasy/waxy .
so i cut out the styling milk and gel and just shampooed and conditioned .
i 've been doing that for about two weeks but my hair does n't feel that much better .
should i use a clarifying shampoo every so often ?
maybe i 'm just going through an adjustment period ?
when i was changing uranus right hand her peg snapped off .
i can not get it from out of the hand to reattach it .
i do not want to buy a new one but i 'm not sure i can return it to amazon since i got it about 3 weeks ago .
games in inventory paypal usd non-vanilla keys vanilla keys/tf2 keys
lara croft and the temple of osiris launch gift 4 2 keys
age of empires ii hd the african kingdoms 8 4 keys
pls send me a trade offer at http steamcommunity.com/tradeoffer/new ? partner=115495964 token=u65o8bnm
i will send the game immediately after receiving the payment gifting via email or steam account
the legend of heroes trails in the sky sc 24 12 keys
metal gear solid v the phantom pain 44 23 keys 26 keys
paypal trade requires at least the blue flair 5 trades
my steam account has 500 games and steam level is at 70 with 600 friends .
my friendlist is almost full so from now on i will use my group aka jerry 's customers group to accept new friend requests .
please join my group chat at http steamcommunity.com/groups/j3rriegroup you can chat/trade with me like we are friended .
i 'm always available in my group chat when i 'm online .
need one more for the exotic sword quest on sunless cell !
india has issued orders to the 9th indian infantry division 20'000 men along with the 3rd armoured brigade and the 4th airborne brigade 3'000 men each to mobilize in the proximity of french india .
they are to maneuver into position to secure french india if such a drastic action is needed the division 's objective being pondicherry itself while the brigades are tasked with securing the various scattered sections of french india .
the mobilisation of these forces is made clear to france though their exact positions and objectives are not .
india will however try to hide that two p-4 tulwar squadrons 24 aircraft and three tempest ii squadrons 48 aircraft are also being put on high alert in the area .
along with the deployment of the cruiser ins delhi and the destroyers rajput and rana to the area .
hey guys our christmas day jerseys look really sweet in my opinion but i 'm not sure i want to buy one if we wo n't wear it .
seeing as we do n't play on christmas day is there any chance we will be wearing it ?
i 'm tossing up between smart and crowder but i think i 'm going to go with marcus .
i am sure you may have to create an nnid to access it though .
should n't bee to hard to make another one .
looking for any keythulhus from the binge hyperfuse raffle .
would also consider gmk caps as a trade for the bro .
so i was playing for a bit but for a long time i was curious about how we could get chests .
i mean if you can used 20 to buy 100 cards then there has to be some way to get cards for free or this would be pay to win ... in a closed beta environment .
now the starting selection of cards are alright they do their job and are n't too bad .
however there are much better cards in this game that can give the edge to someone who bought several cards .
so here 's my idea have a base set of cards that everyone has and then let them roll for 5-10 free cards .
the idea with this is that it gives new players more toys to play with and balances out some power that new players who just bought all the cards could get .
the 5-10 free card rule would also have another effect .
it would give a small suggestion to new players about who they may want to try first .
when you get the cards you could get multiple cards for a single paladin god champion whatever their called and thus may have an incentive to play said paladin because they just got a little more power or options with that paladin .
this is especially true if they rolled a legendary or epic card .
as a person who plays games with progression systems i enjoy when a game does n't necessarily sell power and paladins has done an interesting job with the card system which may or may not actually become or be balanced .
you can easily get a combo of cards that work well together and deal tremendous amounts of damage without having to buy anything .
however in most multiplayer games when i 'm given just the bare bone essentials and those bare bone essentials are just passable i end up feeling like i 'm bashing my head against a brick wall which i hope giving say 10 free cards could help with .
no pongo el video por las palabras que el autor pone ni las he leido las pongo por ver el niño desfilar en una marcha gay con su abanico y su falda multicolor .
initially i thought it was a bug so i checked the official forums .
now i know i 'm not getting motes by design .
got ta say that knocked a pretty hefty wind out of my enthusiasm for mod 8 but i have n't played through the story yet figured i 'd close the final chapter on the regrettable mod 6 story-less grind-fest before embarking on mod 8 .
before i just consign myself to the elemental weapons being a completionist/bis thing has anyone figured out an approximate drop rate on the motes ?
while we 're at it please for the love of moradin tell me the twisted weapons are n't as insanely bad to acquire .
tell me they did n't decide to send us back to the areas they nie-admitted to being a horrible idea to release to farm an rng-gated bs resource .
or just do the tiamat thing for linu f*-offs with no way to organize it .
they made a lot of progress with the variety of gear in this mod i do n't want to find out they put it all behind the same bad decisions they 've been trying to resurrect their reputation from .
but if they did i 'd rather just know that at the outset and stay focused on feeding the mimic .
data tables would be much appreciated if you 've been tracking drops of the ee motes or ichor .
basically is mod 8 worth the time of day or should i slump ignore it and keep grinding toward mod 7 rewards ?
ps how do you get rid of the heart ?
mission abandoned still ca n't get rid of it .
this thing is n't locked into my inventory is it ?
hi i 'm looking for people who play heroes of the storm a little more often than i do as i enjoy playing and do n't have friends that play so it ruins the game for me ... i have skype cho'gall and a lot of free time .
send me a pm either with your battletag or requesting mine and we 'll hopefully be able to get some games going .
for those of you who do n't know this mutator makes it so a goal no longer resets the position of players and goes to the kickoff the clock continues to go as normal and the ball warps back to the middle .
i love this mutator however i think it 'd be even better if the cars still exploded away from the goal the way they normally do .
i love chaos and i think it 'd be really fun if everybody got shot away just before kickoff .
before you scroll further this post and the article it links to is going to have major spoilers for two of the game 's endings !
if you have sided with the brotherhood or reached the institute but do n't want any spoilers as to what happens further then hit the back button close the tab/window or whatever else you need to do otherwise you 're free to keep reading at your own peril .
my experience with fallout 4 's story was actually directly parallel with forbes contributor paul tassi .
my first character was a sassy redheaded lawyer named charlotte and i played her as the caring mother that was desperately trying to find her son .
as a result i really did experience one of the best stories in a bethesda game to date .
i know i 've seen some complain that the beginning of the game does n't allow us much time to really get to know our spouse and child or to get attached to pre war life but i spent time creating both male and female characters listening to their playful banter the entire time while creating a spouse that i would be attracted to someone i would actually care about .
i took a left out of the bathroom and explored the rest of the house before going to codsworth .
i walked around the bedroom activating things hearing my character talking about vacation photos how she was proud of nate for serving in the army .
i walked around shaun 's room and examined all his toys hearing my character speak with joy about how they could n't wait to teach him to ride a tricycle and play catch in the backyard .
talking to nate he engaged in light banter about looking nervous about the veteran 's ball and taking codsworth to the shop to be serviced soon .
speaking of codsworth there he was pouring my coffee and rushing to deal with baby 's dirty diaper .
activating the law degree saw my character reminiscing about how many late nights it took to earn that law degree and how it was worth it .
they really seemed like a happy family with a history which made the reality of the bombs falling all the more saddening .
running in panic to the vault terrified bomb exploding in the distance as the lift to the vault slowly starts to creep down just as the blast wave reaches us .
everyone was too flabberghasted to question the 'decontamination pods . '
then while we were frozen strange figures steal our baby and kill the spouse i worked on for nearly an hour .
even if i did n't care much for him or the baby two questions drove the desperate search for him who did it and why ?
i really enjoyed and appreciated the game 's overall setting and feel .
it 's very much 50s detective noir though it still has fallout 's usual dark humor and 50s atomic retrofuturism which makes it a very atmospheric and interesting story to experience .
setting aside the fact he 's a synth nick valentine looks and sounds like a private eye right down to the stylisticly broody tone of voice .
the institute were this literal boogeyman this enigmatic entitity hidden away and only represented by these creepy looking androids that could even pose as humans .
it was a mystery i wanted to solve who were they why make the synths why steal my baby ?
throughout the game i was expecting my son to still be a helpless ten year old boy in the clutches of evil scientists 'zhat were bring zhe dead back to life ' but bethesda threw me a double whammy when that ten year old turned out to be a new synth prototype and my real son was not only an old man but the leader of the institute .
most of my character 's hopes had been smashed against the rocks and her own son barely knew her and never knew his father the institute was his life now .
out of this misguided desire to try and save some form of relationship with her son she joined him and the institute wiping out the railroad and brotherhood in the process .
then shaun ends up dying of old age and leaves her to lead the institute after him leaving an empty void in her life that would only end up being filled by purpose in leading the institute .
that was my first experience with the story and there were more than several moments where i asked myself if it was the right thing to do or was i just playing the dragon to my son in his attempts to cement the institute 's place in the world .
contrast to my second playthrough where i literally played as myself and sided with the brotherhood .
i liked their goal of order amongst the chaos but they were far from perfect unwilling to believe a ghoul mutant or synth could be human or have human taits .
they saw them all as a threat against humanity as a species .
after several missions and hours of camaraderie with paladin danse a companion with whom i became attached it was revealed that after all this time he was actually a synth and elder maxon ordered me specifically to go put him down .
scribe haylen begged me to spare him i agreed to try but i 'd make no promises since i had no idea how it would turn out .
traveling to a place i 'd actually visited before i found danse hiding out in an hold recon post .
as a matter of fact he was still the very same man i 'd come to know even pleading with me to kill him because it was the brotherhood way .
i convinced him it was the wrong move because synth or not he was still danse and spared his life only to be met by maxon just outside the bunker who then proceeded to berate me for disobeying a direct order .
it took two or three medium difficulty speech checks to convince maxon to spare danse and see him as himself and not a synth but even then he still banished him from the brotherhood .
so there it was synths really could be people but that did n't matter .
in the end we were ready to move on the institute .
i went back one last time but shaun had locked me out betrayal and disappointment in his voice before he sent me away .
then we attacked storming the institute brotherhood troopers were indiscriminately mowing down synths and unarmed civilian scientists some of these men and women i had actually befriended in my first playthrough .
on my way through i had to deactivate a lockdown as alarms blared and explosions rang out .
it was there i met my son again on his deathbed so disgusted with me that he could barely even look at me .
he held a lot of contempt for me though i was able to convince him to cooperate and minimize casualties .
it was a bittersweet ending shaun died and we set the explosive charge on the reactor but just before we left the child synth masquerading as my ten year old shaun ran up to me and begged me to take him before the facility was destroyed to which i reluctantly agreed .
after relaying away i pressed the detonation trigger myself and watched as the resulting explosion erupted out of the ground annihilating cit and damn near leveling most of cambridge in the process .
and just like that it was done we hadwon the institute could n't hurt anyone again but at what cost .
how much of the commonwealth suffered from that explosion when our goal was to protect them from the institute ?
i 'm honestly starting to think the people complaining about the story are n't even playing the story and are just doing missions for the minutemen because they never bothered to go find diamond city .
fallout 4 's story actually brings up real questions and tries to answer them and there really is no true good option it 's all been morally gray so far .
i 've really enjoyed the story and the different outcomes i 've gotten as of now i really do think it 's one of the best things about the game and the best story to come out of bethesda in years .
right now i 'm on my third character just started her and tried creating michonne http imgur.com/gallery/rh6w8wm/new from the walking dead so i could roll a melee character .
this time i 'm going to go with the minutemen to see how their role in the story plays out .
before googling and attempting something crazy '' what simple hacks can you do ?
i barely played at all on my initial subscription so i would n't be losing any progress .
sorry in advance for the fact that i 'm computer illiterate guys .
in this last episode at the very beginning there is a scene where tabitha enters the bar that is a front for the assassin 's den .
there is a bartender there who sends people to the back .
i found the entire scene with her and the bartender to be very reminiscent of this scene from batman whatever happened to the caped crusader ?
tabitha is sort of a proto catwoman so she fits the scene somewhat .
i noticed that they also lingered a bit on the bartender as tabitha leaves especially on his face .
he clearly works for the lady and thus is probably an assassin himself .
i know the scene is kind of a stretch but it is a very famous batman story and it 's what i thought of immediately when i saw the scene .
also if anyone could link to that scene or at least to the bartender that would be great .
just walk past a guard in diamond city and he says
yeah it 's true i got shot in the ass last year .
i 'm getting so sick of listening to the other radio stations because i ca n't take the combat music at all times .
i 've never used credit cards i 've always just dealt with cash/debit card .
however i would like to start taking advantage of some rewards cards .
my credit is fairly limited but i 've been added as an authorized user to two of my fiance 's credit cards which has boosted my score to 715 .
chase sapphire preferred 2x points on travel+dining 1x points else 95 annual fee intended to be my daily use card
chase freedom 5x points quarterly rotating categories 1x points else no annual fee intended to use on quarterly categories
amex blue cash preferred 6 cash back on groceries 3 gas 1 else 75 annual fee intended to use solely on groceries when freedom is not active for the quarter i calculated that i 'd need to spend 167/month on groceries for this card to break even assuming chase ur points are 1 cent each though they 're probably more valuable
boa better balance rewards 30/quarter bonus for paying statements minimal use for 130/year reward
i should be starting medical school this summer assuming interviews go well which will probably result in more money spent on travel flying home for holidays and dining less time for cooking over the next four years which makes the csp a strong choice .
i applied for it first and was denied given my limited individual credit history i then applied for the freedom and was immediately accepted for 1500 .
i intend to reapply for the csp in probably 6-9 months once i 've established a bit more individual history and have accepted med school loans higher reportable income .
should i apply for the other two cards now and then lay low until i apply for the csp or should i refrain from opening any other lines until i get the csp ?
should i bother with the boa card i have a checking account with boa but i do n't feel particularly loyal to them ?
is the brain being overly developed a cause for both ?
are we at a point where the brain is too smart for its own good and the complex world ?
compared to that our brain did n't really evolve for modern thought and our society just primitive survival .
3-4x more academics suffer from mental illness than general population .
i heard that lucas was going to be a blockbuster exclusive and was wondering if anyone has conformation on this .
just got home from a long and stressful day .
i 'd love to chat about anything to get my mind off work .
or maybe even talk about some hot co workers .
kinks are cheating non degrading femdom young girls cuckold cuckquean pegging swapping ass play celebs people we know .
i worry about the gi problems of ingesting all this powder .
at any rate can you kind folks share your experiences ?
i would like to go the coffee maker route .
any other tips to get the most out of a brew ?
i 've searched and read but let 's hear more !
i 've had several internships and one job as a full developer .
right now i am interning at a reputable company that i got in because i suspect of an easy interview due to the fact that they needed someone fast .
so in other words my resume and my gpa are both fantastic right now .
however i know almost nothing about implementing algorithms and data structures .
i 've studied both in college but being that i 'm wrapping up college right now it 's been a while since i had to implement a binary sort or a binary tree or anything like that .
so i 'm very worried that i 'm interviewing for nothing .
i intend to refresh my memory as much as i can during these next two weeks ... but ... i feel like it 's so improbable that i might as well just call off the interview or ask if we can delay it for six months .
i 'm not good at implementing these things from scratch since working full time and taking classes full time have n't left me with enough time and bandwidth to remember these things .
where i work now i do n't need to know these things beyond the basics .
i understand time complexity intuitively and know for example that you do n't want to nest loops too deeply .
i know roughly which sorting algorithms are fast and what data structures are for .
but i 'm afraid of the interview questions i 'll be asked because they 're more tricks rather than real-world examples of needing to think critically .
at the three internships i 've had i 've had to research writing real software and leveraging existing software .
i somehow got in at the company i 'm with now but once again i 'm pretty sure that it was because they needed someone fast and were impressed with my grades and my experience .
the interview was n't really that hard but this is google ... known for hard interviews .
found a 290x all i need now is the monitor which i will probably never find on here .
fast trade net name angrypear178 almost every knife and more !
add something good during trade and you do n't have to over pay !
we measured our robot with a tape measure and it 's almost exactly at 18 '' like a hair length long and we 're wondering if it will fit in the cube or not .
your cock to mouth jizz launching will be far more compelling with the intimacy that headphones provide .
i am still rather new and only a few months into selling through fba but my sales have been increasing significantly as i 've reinvested everything back into more inventory .
i 'm just curious of how much of my increase is due to my growing inventory and how much is due to the holidays coming up .
when do the huge spikes in sales typically begin ?
new to reddit but i 'm not new to nhl as the title states .
been playing since nhl 11 and have played hut since last year just wondering what types of discussions go on here and where i can find things to do whether it be talking about teams or trading players etc !
i want to set a big goal that i can reach and then cut from before leaving for college .
so this is more of asking if fittit can approve this goal .
i 'd like to go up to maybe 165-170 and joining the 750 club at 455 .
it 's a matter of getting my deadlift form perfect before i start really trying to move up .
so far i 've been on ppl for 3 weeks and icf for 2 before that .
then ideally cut a little bit maybe back to 155 ?
this gives me the winter and the summer to do this .
i wish there would be a rehab type place with everything from tennis courts basketball courts swimming pools gaming rooms just every source of entertainment along with dorms and cafeterias just a place where people like us could enjoy life without feeling judged and where we could connect with other losers like ourselves i 'd be willing to pay rent to somewhere like that i just wish it were possible i know that 'd help out a lot of us we need it .
it seems like it 's either lag stuttering or just bad connection to the host/server .
my ping usually hovers around 17-33 but often spikes up to 400 .
i called verizon and everything is good on their end .
i have also tried xbox one in dmz and with upnp enabled then disabled .
i have a samsung plasma 43 '' tv that is set to game mode .
i tried it on an older 24 '' pc monitor with no noticeable difference .
i also stutter often or other players seem to stutter on my screen .
i wonder if it is not lag but some graphical issue ?
some games i do okay but the majority of games it seems that i am behind others and that i die way too quickly .
there have even been times when i have been killed by someone not even on my screen .
i really am enjoying this game when it works well it did the first day but since then it has been incredibly inconsistent .
i need an hp fire for a frokie custom .
hey so i 20f started talking to this guy 23 on okc about three weeks ago .
we talked for about a week and a half before setting up a coffee date .
we had a date last weekend and it went great !
we have plans for this weekend to go on a small hike but i wanted to invite him over and cook dinner for us after the hike .
i 'm really new to online dating so i 'm wondering is it too soon for this ?
i think the reason john is so anti miracle is because virgil came back from the dead somewhat dramatically and to john that was the opposite of a miracle .
when matt asked him what happened that made him the way he was that was the death and rebirth of his sexually abusive father .
i 'm not sure if this has been mentioned yet but it hit me on a second watch of a most powerful adversary '' tonight .
bbg so does that mean we 're actually fighting together ?
roisindubh that means you 're breaking his nose and letting me get the pin and maybe i wo n't break your arm in the process .
7 keys or your game offers only interested in 2015 titles/early access releases .
i 'm looking for a very cheap road/city bike so i can commute to class and work sometimes .
really looking as cheap as possible while still being a fun ride .
i dont really know what a reasonable price range but i want something that is a starter bike '' in the lower end prices .
a thanks for a functional body as i struggled to press the bell .
i guess i 'm writing this to remind everyone to be thankful for the healthy and strong body they have .
just savor the moment at the top of the press that 's where you feel strong !
anyone else noticing this on 11/18 10:30 pm server time ?
i 'm planning to build a pc for christmas with a budget of around 1k usd .
any help in this situation would be great as i have no prior experience building pc 's however i do have friends that have .
i posted last friday about losing my tortoise boris .
he 's a russian tortoise and i lost him in the alpine circle area .
i 've been thankful to receive a lot of good advice for finding him and kind hope-for-humanity-inspiring comments from r/austin since then but unfortunately i 've also had terrible luck in finding him so far the bait i laid out has n't been touched i got poison ivy and one guy even tried to scam me out of the 150 reward on saturday claiming he 'd located him .
after not checking up on the post i realized today at work that i got a bunch of notifications and eventually somebody called me and said they 'd found boris .
the person said they 'd found him in their back yard described behavior/sociability that was similar to his and even sent me a picture that looked identical to my tortoise .
my girlfriend picked him up and gave the finder the 150 reward .
i came home after work to verify and saw the tortoise sitting exactly where boris would sit in my house but after an inspection i quickly realized it was not him .
yes it is a russian tortoise but i soon realized she 's a female .
her shell is smoother than boris ' and her beak is far less pronounced also frankly she 's smarter than he is .
so if you 've lost a female russian tortoise in austin i have her and i 've taken to call her frankie and she 's wonderful .
i 'm holding onto her because i lost a tortoise of her exact species so i have the materials to take care of her .
i 've had my tortoise for 13 years and i know much it sucks losing one .
i could never in good conscience keep her without trying to find her original owner .
it would make my year to deliver her back to you .
having said that my russian tortoise boris is still missing somewhere in the alpine circle area and the 150 reward still stands .
i know the odds of this happening are astronomical and this sounds like some bizarre logical proof but it happened and it 's blowing my mind and there are not human words that i can use to describe it .
so if you own the russian tortoise i found female or if you found my russian tortoise male in south austin near oltorf 1st please message me .
tl dr a guy in south austin who was looking for a russian tortoise found a russian tortoise but the tortoise was n't his .
now he 's looking for the owner of the russian tortoise that is n't his and still looking for the tortoise he initially lost .
i told the person that initially took the reward today for the tortoise we thought was boris to keep the 150 no matter what .
i later contacted that person to express my gratitude for all her help and she said she 's giving the reward money to austin pets alive .
seems silly to keep it a netflix exclusive forever .
i get theyd wait a bit but i cant imagine them missing those sales .
ok guys so i 've slowly been trying to get all the level 4 merchants onder my wing but i 've been increadibly unsucessful thus far .
valt-tec seemed to work ok but he 's the only one .
i found doc anderson and she agreed to come work for me but she 's nowhere to be found nore is she where i originally met her in the old abandoned house near the dinner .
is there a console command i get use to find her ?
now the real one i ca n't get my hear around is holt i spoke to his wife and she have a quick convo with me i passed the first speech check to get her to tell me about how much she 's over him ect but that 's all there is ?
i saved it and tried every option but she never gives me another speech check or leaves him .
edit ok so this time i found ron asked him to work for me and then told him to go to an empty settlement i checked my map and it says there is one settler there which is good as that 'll be him .
now what i did was sleep for 24 hours and he had n't left yet i asked him to work for me again and after he agreed i check my map and now it says 2 .
i did this repeatedly till it said 10 and then fast traveled to the settlement but there was nobody there when i checked my map is said 0 again .
this has been mildly bothering me for some 25 years .
since we are discussing it region wise might as well do it in total .
http na.op.gg/summoner/username=leesin+gosu looks like they have played 10-12 games together in the last day .
i 'm getting ready to fire up fallout4 in a few weeks .
i have a biostar a85w http www.newegg.com/product/product.aspx ? item=n82e16813138366 motherboard with two-2.0 pci express slots
i 'm running an amd r7 260x 128bit 2gb card http www.newegg.com/product/product.aspx ? item=n82e16814127762 .
would it be worthwhile to get a second card of the same one i already have and run it with crossfirex ?
how much of a bottleneck does this card have on the 2.0 pci slots ?
i know close to nothing about crossfirex and there seems to be little literature out there .
i am a year 2 player so i did not play during the release of the dark below and house of wolves .
my question is can you still get the legendary ships from playing strikes from the lvl36 strike playlist ?
i have looked around and all i see about those ships is to play roc strikes and they do n't seem to be in the list anymore .
there is so many more noncombat skills than combat so why do n't we get to protect 4 instead of 3 ?
we would pay for it of course and it should help the economy with all that money taken out of the game .
i 'm not saying this should be done now but in the future .
almost everybody is forced to protect agility as it helps increase your survival rate so that takes it down from 3 to 2 .
agility has saved me a lot of times as well so yeah .
i 'm going camping in a week and i 'd like to make some wassail some kinda christmasy medieval drink figure i 'd make it while camping since we 're doing it at a renfest does anyone have any experience making some ?
i have a small batch from a really simple recipe i saw online going right now but assuming it 's not the be all end all holy grail to wassail i 'd like to have some options .
traditional recipes use eggs and toast and stuff as parts of it but i 'd like to stick to just using fruit juices and spices .
hey folks just paid real life money to buy lov mac ca n't play because ca n't update blzbntagt00000bb8 https us.battle.net/support/en/article/blzbntagt00000bb8 has some totally worthless instructions that did n't fix anything .
wondering if other people have seen same found solutions ?
hey did a search on here but could n't find this specific answer .
i have been in shanghai for one month and i just moved into a lane house yesterday .
my letting agent informed me that the landlord offered to provide 10mb internet and tv for 1500rmb for 18 months .
now that does n't sound too bad but i 'm not sure .
i would take any internet speeds promised in china with more than a pinch of salt .
but can anyone here with 10mb internet tell me if that would be sufficient for streaming netflix etc ?
i stayed in an airbnb and it streamed ok most of the time .
i 've asked the host what kind of internet he has but he has n't responded yet .
i 'm guessing the tv he mentions might be 100 chinese channels and i 'm not that keen on dramatic recreations of chinese history .
i spoke to an english guy in a bar a few weeks ago who informed me he paid 1500rmb for international tv including sky sports etc .
i 'm mainly interested to watch premier league football without having to make the trek to the camel/big bamboo etc .
thanks for reading and sorry if this has been asked before .
this section of reddit seems helpful and i 've already learned some useful information about shanghai .
i also watch some anime because anime is really really fucking cool .
but after moving to the us and living here for years i 've learned the cardinal rule of living in the us .
i do n't understand what was lost in translation but kids in the west have taken anime and made it ... weird ?
i 've had conversations with kids who literally think that the depiction in the manga is what japan is really like !
people are n't walking around with pink hair and plaid skirts !
i mean some people are ... . but that 's true anywhere .
i ca n't count how many times i 've talked about watching totoro as a kid and someone born and raised in the us has freaked out and started spouting off all of the facts about studio ghibli and the backstories of every character like they made the fucking movie themselves .
i 'm so proud that you memorized the movie and liked it so much you got took a blood oath to watch it every day .
there are n't actually giant bunny ghosts running around handing out spare umbrellas and taking naps with children in japan .
my grandparents live there and they 're old and semi-cool just like yours !
the craziest part is the kids who have this crazy idealized idea of japan end up going and then being super disappointed when they realize it 's not all they expected to be .
in a lot of the english-teaching programs i 've heard about those kids end up returning home first .
my main point what if japanese kids legitimately thought that americans were like johnny bravo from johnny bravo and dressed up like johnny bravo ?
just realize that it 's a cartoon and treat it with that level of seriousness .
xp are acronyms and some people suggest that fun might also be an acronym so what if determination is an acronym somehow ?
i own a 2013 13 '' macbook pro with retina display out of warranty .
about 2 weeks ago i spilled a little water on it but it continues to function .
all my data is still there it turns on fine and i can pretty much still use it .
the only visible damage is on the trackpad and airport card/cable the mouse is frozen can use with external mouse though and it does not detect any wifi hardware from the airport card/cable .
i have taken it to be examined by two apple service providers which told me that there was liquid found on the main logic board top case airport card and magsafe board .
however the computer continues to function despite the visible damage i stated above .
now my question is it possible to just replace the airport card/cable so i can continue to use it would anyone apple even replace this part only ?
or is it wiser to just buy a new macbook and sell this for parts ?
there is no other external damage to the screen or computer itself .
i have a public key whose fingerprint is 4292 03ce 1bba b54c a2ae 00a5 b2d4 f663 03e6 6088
finally i am proving my reddit account by posting it in r/keybaseproofs
as promised here is a quick guide to leoric the skeleton god .
it has come to my attention that his strengths are consistently under utilized and there seems to be a general misunderstanding about how to best use his passive i.e .
heroes is a game of inches and seconds and being able to trade a small amount of xp for positioning vision or time can garner a much larger advantage .
below you 'll find the most common builds that i use as well as a few basic tips .
this is the most common leoric build that i use because it is fulfilling the role which you mainly draft him for a consistent king of the frontline .
this is the most versatile build as well and can fit most drafts as a second frontline or solo frontline if supported by two healers .
as soon as you get spectral leech you become a terror of the enemy frontline guaranteeing you good trades in any exchange .
this gives you the ability to hold the strong positions your team needs to win fights .
the leorky build is the most annoying way to get max value out of your death passive .
this build is strictly for compositions based entirely around map pressure and trading your life for time .
this build is terrible at taking 5v5 team fights and excels at split pressure .
this build is my least favorite but it still has its place .
the talents are focused on soaking as much damage as possible and assuring that you are the primary target .
the best thing about entomb is its extremely short cooldown .
you should never be scared to throw it out especially if you think that you will trade it for either a higher cd survivability ult i.e divine shield maw ice block .
your main targets for entomb are obviously immobile carries or supports like tyrande kael'thas zagara malfurion and jaina .
entomb serves other uses as well such as pealing for your teammates and splitting a fight .
one of the most important factors for playing leoric is getting as much value out of his passive as possible without being a detriment to your team .
as i stated before heroes is a game of small trades and this cheat death passive allows you to do many things no other hero can except murkgod .
a hero kill is worth about two minion waves of xp and as the game progresses you can afford to give that xp up in trade for critical resources late game such as vision positioning and clean disengages .
here are some do 's and don'ts for dying on leoric
trade your life for vision post level 20 when no objectives are coming up unless your team is gearing up for a game ending fight/push .
this is the counter to late game 5 man bush camps .
trade your life at any point in the game when it seems like your team will be chased down better you than multiple teammates .
trade your life to keep the enemy on their side of the map while your team secures mercenaries/bosses late game otherwise know as distractics.
trade your life for any crucial objectives your team can not get otherwise backdooring keeps
aggressively trade in early game around tributes/mines if your death gets you the objective its worth .
if your team is behind in levels and about to take critical structure damage your deaths can buy your team time to clear death pushes and grab a foothold where they otherwise could n't have .
scout aggressively as objectives are coming up your death will not be worth if they get it .
die quickly in teamfights or your team will need to immediately disengage you are not effective in teamfights while dead .
if you 're ahead in the mid or early game trading your life is usually never worth .
the xp gain is too high due to the comeback bonus .
take it slow and win fights through your advantage .
die in lane you can not soak while dead .
die right before either team hits a major talent tier a fight will usually break out around the advantage .
i 'll check back in this thread for any questions !
my entire xbox one party just got kicked from round 24 of zombies on soe .
none of us could get back online for a couple of minutes .
wondering if it was our connections or call of duty .
for those of you that go after chromatic champion achievement part of glory to dragon soul .
yesterday i went in ds to get my last platform assaulted alexsrasza but by the time i got to her platform deathwing already assaulted another platform .
i opened a ticket in-game to ask a gm about it and it was confirmed that the achievement in buggy .
even though you can get there in time in some cases deathwing will just assault a platform randomly thus making it impossible for the achievement to pop .
the gm was really kind asked me to log another character and awarded me the achievement .
extra info this was a solo run 25m normal blazing drake ahem lvl 100 ravencrest eu .
edit yeah this post looks disgusting and is just a huge block of text but if you care go ahead .
any existing relevant medical issues if any will be described
include a photo if relevant skin condition for example none
this is not known to many people so here are three links with information .
all three links have information that is a bit different from each other and all very important and relevant .
i 'm not going to bother trying to describe it because those links provide as much information as i will be able to describe but no matter what you will not fully understand it as it is like describing color to a blind person .
you can not understand this if you have n't experienced it .
before this started happening there is nothing no matter what you think that would be able to make you understand it .
there are no words that exist to explain it and even if i invented some you still ca n't experience it .
when i was 8 i was on the highest dose of zoloft available for 2 years then i was on prozac at the highest dose available for 5 years until i was 15 .
i decided to stop taking them because i just had a bad feeling about it and honestly it had no effect on my problem at all .
this is a very big concern for me due to what these medications do and at such a high dose while my brain was still developing and i do put some blame to my problems on this .
i ca n't give evidence of course but i just know .
touching things over and over counting shit like that .
i still have it but i 'm so used to it i do n't get a thought that something bad will happen really i just comply with it and it 's no where near as bad as it was .
i definitely also had/have adhd but was never diagnosed with it and if i was maybe i would have done a lot better in school .
i believe my disorder is cannabis induced read the wiki link .
i 've always had major dissociative effects from weed and would be very non functional while all of my friends had no issues .
i was a multiple time a week smoker for about a year before i was a daily smoker for about 6 months still would be very fucked at the time i did n't know why off weed but i kept smoking because it was a major part of my social life .
about 3 months ago started smoking more often alone and not just when i was with friends .
at night in my room before going to the gym etc .
one day in my room i do n't know what happened but something in my brain just went off .
i got paranoid as fuck like no reason to because parents are fine with it and i think it had something to do with my pre existing anxiety really bad in my family and i 'm not talking bullshit anxiety like every single person alive claims to have i mean bad anxiety .
but i never really had many anxiety issues separate from ocd until this .
anyway i just tripped the fuck out really bad and did n't know why but i kept smoking for about a month with my friends i would get much more disassociated each time and when alone every single time i smoked my trip would get more intense .
at the end of the month i was at the point when i could barely see infront of my face from psychadellic visuals something equivalent to someone taking like 500ug of acid .
there were many other things that can not be explained but i was capable of things i were n't before .
seeing past events through other peoples point of view from a universal non human point of view .
i ca n't explain it for you to understand you wo n't but just trippy shit .
any sense i focus on would be amplified 100x and other senses would disappear .
i would be unable to talk in these situations words would come out in a random order not making sense just words related to what i was trying to say .
i 'd get shivers and shakes and twitches in my body and i could feel my brain like twitching sometimes idk .
each time i said never again and the next day i 'd just want to so bad .
i 've been obsessed with my existence since a child i know everyone thinks about that stuff but this was more .
i used to think about it like this while my brain could do unexplainable things and i learned some things and saw some things from certain points of view that no human should know or experience .
to most people this will sound like schizophrenia hallucinations paranoia and delusions but they are completely different type of hallucinations not realistic .
paranoia is extreme anxiety and the thoughts i claim to have had and realizations that are unexplainable are not delusions .
another very strange thing is my hallucinations were the exact same every single time just more intense .
they would be the same colors lots of chimerical colors and colors that do n't exist shapes patterns in the same order every single time and this has really made me wonder what the fuck this is from .
i have not been able to find anyone on the entire internet having this intense oevs from smoking weed not many people believe me .
anyway one night after a really intense trip i called it quits because this definatley should not be happening .
about 2 weeks later i smoked again just to see if the issue still persisted and it did .
another thing is it did n't matter how much i smoked 1 hit of a joint or a gram blunt and i 'd have almost just as intense trips but much more intense the higher the dose .
hard to explain but i mean like even just a tiny but would fuck me to another dimension .
after these trips the next day i would be fucked so depersonalized derealized ego death to the extreme and this would last from a couple hours to a couple days .
now it 's still here but different just not as intense i guess .
the reason i just typed so much about the effects that had on me is because that 's where the problem started well not started but was brought out by .
i think i was going in to extreme extreme extreme disassociations while like this and now i 'm stuck fucked .
controlling my body did n't make sense at all and i would catch myself doing things that i had no thought or intent to do just actions repetitive stuff and i would only know i was doing it because i would see myself doing it .
i thought for a while i was schizophrenic and was experience psychosis but i do n't think this now .
i am happy not happy about it but 100 sure with my self diagnosis of this disorder .
i was just going in to the disassociated states that were so extreme i ca n't even express it but now my life is fucked .
i dropped out of college a couple months ago dropped all my friends and i 've barely left my room .
when i 'm in public my anxiety is so fucking terrible and it makes my disassociation so bad i feel intoxicated as fuck and can barely walk a straight line .
when i talk to friends and family my face tenses up my mouth and skin in my face my eyelids its hard to explain but they get hard and then all my skin feels like rubber and i ca n't express anything on my face just a weird frown .
during the day i just ca n't snap back to 1st person is what i call it it 's like i 'm in third person all day every day now .
i have different things happen to me daily sometimes the rubber feeling skin and ca n't even think straight other times different levels of dissossiation/depersonalization/derealization that last a long time and the feeling is one of the last things any human would ever want to experience .
sometimes i get in this super frustrated mode and get stuck on my thoughts for like an hour without even moving just staring at something thinking and i think this is sort of a mixture of major dissossiation and ocd .
sometimes if i let myself go when i 'm staring at an object i will be so out of it i ca n't even explain .
just a brain staring through the eye sockets of some guy observing and saying what the fuck am i seeing .
i have no connection to human emotions or feeling or thoughts or my surroundings are like a dream .
these really really extreme modes only last a few seconds until i snap out of it .
but i ca n't fully snap out of it like normally i 'm just fucked i ca n't explain it i 'm just not how i should be .
wow that 's going to look like shit and a huge wall of text but if you cared enough to read it that 's the best i can explain my situation .
i am in no way shitting on weed this is just a rare problem that i have obviously not everyone is like this .
also another thing i 've had visual snow my entire life and i thought everyone was like this until i talked to people i knew and it 's only me .
i know everyone sees shit when they close their eyes but my whole life i 've just seen crazy colors and patterns i have never saw complete dark .
when i was a kid i would get really weird shapes and patterns when laying in bed at night and i never thought of it until my recent experiences .
i 've had visual snow always and it 's not really noticeable unless you focus on it but since these experiences it 's much more intense and more easily noticeable .
might be some form of hppd from my experiences but i 've always had it idk .
oh yeah did n't mention is but major depression comes with this including moments that i deffinatley scare myself thinking about a certain subject but please do n't give me suicide hotline numbers i have no plan or intent to kill myself and if i wanted to i would just do it so do n't bother with that shit .
i just ca n't see myself sticking around on this planet if this issue does n't go away at some point because i have no interest in life at all .
well i do but i just ca n't do it it 's hard to explain .
i wish i could but i ca n't is the best way to explain it .
the only reason i see to stick around is to not disappoint my family so i need this problem to go away so i can live a normal life .
what is causing my intense oevs and experience from smoking ?
none of that has to do with the disorder .
as you can see there are no medications for this ssri 's and anti psychotics make it worse .
there is literally no treatment except some therapy that honestly is not going to work .
it says no one cares enough about it to research and fund it .
i would never go on medication that needs to be taken daily anyway just do n't like the concept .
i ca n't find much online about this except some people saying that it never goes away it only gets less intense after time periods ranging from a week to years .
about seeing a psychiatrist because i know that 's what you 'll say .
i 've been waiting for like 3 months since this issue started i keep getting moved up .
i originally wanted to see a psychiatrist but i had to go to a gp then i had to go to a psychologist for a refferal now i 'm waiting like a month to get in to a psychiatrist .
there is no point anyway as there is no cure or treatment for this .
i guess i 'm just here looking for personal experiences idk .
no point in going to emergency either there is literally nothing to help me .
edit i will add this in maybe it will help you understand a bit but right now i 'm just sitting here watching myself type through my eyes but not normally .
i 'm disconnected from everything around me including my body .
my hands are just typing what i think but it 's different than normal it 's so hard to explain .
i 'm listening to a song right now and i can hear it an understand the words just fine but i 'm not listening to it .
normally you should hear music and you should be connected i can not explain it but i am disconnected from everything i 'm listening to it but it 's more just hearing than listening hearing something go on around me and not connected to it .
after typing this as i said when i think about it it gets more noticeable and now my head is starting to hurt physically like a headache from thinking so much about it .
i thought i would get it from auran the golden ooze but all he gave me was a slime-covered strongbox and some greens .
five small scouts groups have been sent out by the enclave to search for unopened vaults .
why are there 3 alternative heroes you can buy ?
why did they make them and why there is no alternative hero for each class ?
i understand it 's for money but why they have n't made for all the classes and just for those 3 ?
so here 's a story on my account i run a f2p region alt so i can play with a few of my friends in europe and i do n't buy any packs with the gold i get from daily quests and wins and as a result i have a small pile of gold on it so i started putting the gold into the adventures in this case naxx but with the league of explores coming out i 'm wondering if it 's worth changing over on the alt just for the new cards when i am still grinding through naxx ?
the vast majority of the other characters are assholes and i want to see them rot in hell .
rachel is kind of ok i guess but it is n't like she had a plan or anything like lucas .
i 'm just depressed what is the point of watching if i despise all the characters ?
tusk is a rich guy who shuts off power to millions of people for his own political gain .
claire as leader of a charity that helps the environment takes bribes from oil executives .
after having dinner with my sister i went to my theatre society and had a lot of fun .
we did some improv games and i see i 'm improving pun kind of intended .
i 'm an introverted guy and i 'm not always very confident but i 'm getting to know myself and what i 'm capable of .
after hanging around with some people one guy playfully insults me and next a girl tells me that i 'm actually good-looking .
i act like it 's normal like i hear people say that all the time but inside me i know that my belief in myself has actually paid off .
and not to get too excited but i also got a girl i 've only met a few times to go out and do something we both like .
not seeing it as a real date '' but it is still fun .
this morning though i was woken up by the weirdest dream .
someone in the dream tricked me into watching porn but i knew i should n't fap .
still it felt like i was uncontrollably peeing my pants and the next thing i know i had a wet dream .
unfortunately that is also accompanied by urges the first i 've had in a week but i will pull through .
hello i am an engineer not in cs trying to minor in cs to have a useful skill that i can apply in my field .
for cs minor i have to take cs125,173,225 and 3 additional courses from cs233 cs241 cs357 cs373 and any course number between cs 410 and cs 498 except cs 413 cs 492 cs 493 and cs 494 .
note one of the 3 courses has to be a 400 level cs course .
which course should i take for the three additional courses listed above and please give some advice .
i am in biological engneering abe probably with specialization for bio-nanotechnology or bioenvironmental .
i recommend that you open them in full screen to see the difference here they are
unfortunately pcss especially ultra seems excessively taxing on the gpu and i can not run that without dropping frames on a single 970 .
edit another comparison with ambient occlusion settings which i think make the biggest difference visually this time i included off '' as well
if you can afford hbao or hbao ultra it 's definitely worth the cost in my opinion .
doesnt it start friday and end monday or is my math wrong ?
so i know people expect big numbers and he 's looked like he 's been doing a ben carson impression on the court and may have gotten his coach fired but he can drop a 40 burger here and there .
hi since my pc sucks and i have no money i 've just been watching fallout 4 playthroughs .
the only playthrough i 've been really following as of now is manyatruenerd 's playthrough and i 'm looking for playthroughs similar to his with people with good knowledge on past fallout 's and good commenting .
been at flc for since i left csus after 2 semesters amalgamation of problems mostly money based .
can anyone remind me what the whole situation with taking 17a and b was ?
i thought when i started that you could take those two and it would count for all of d3 us history constitution and government .
if that 's not the case then what do ?
i 've taken 17b and on assist it says it covers 2/3 which would mean i would take a history class but the ge page says to take a government class .
if flc 's history 312 17a equiv wo n't cut it the recommended upper division that will ?
also if any crj majors could tell me what exemptions if any there are that 'd be great .
so i 'm low-tier germans i have a relatively inexperienced pilot .
i pull 6gs for 1.5 seconds 7gs for 0.5 seconds level off then my pilot blacks out mind you this is after i level off how does that happen ?
i did n't realize my pilot was seriously drunk and was capable of blacking out for no reason in level flight .
if you took around the same amount of an extended release medication such as vyvanse every few hours each dose is less potent .
however does the fact that they are extended release mean that you can eat a little meal take it and go weaker for just as long ?
for the past few nights it 's been hell trying to fall asleep and stay asleep tossing and turning every five minutes .
i 've always had to sleep with a pillow between my knees but lately my level of discomfort is ridiculous ... and i wake my husband up when i 'm doing alligator death rolls while he 's trying to sleep so neither of us are having a real good time .
i 'm still a couple of weeks away from even being in my second trimester .
i feel like a total poser for even wanting a snoogle right now .
basilisk for example clan conflict and shit did n't feel a slight for characters .
do n't know if i still have to use that spoiler tag for the manga stuff but oh well ...
so after obito gave his sharingan to kakashi he was able to use all of obito 's jutsus and later on even his susanoo my question is how come sasuke never used itachi 's susanoo ?
would anyone else like to be able to see orbs your allies create on the radar during pvp and possibly pve games ?
a really subtle indication so it does n't interfere with the radar too much .
in the chaos of a match it can be tricky to keep tabs on who 's creating them and the rough direction they will be found .
it 's much easier if you are playing with friends of course but it was just a thought .
i stopped watching arrow after last season 's disappointing episodes leading up to the finale .
will i need to watch it to understand the tie-in ?
although i 'm not sure yet how big of a tie-in it will be compared to last year 's .
i have no idea what other formation is well used .
if it did n't cost 99 rubies per i would test them all but i do n't really want to buy a formation that i find out later is n't good .
i know swordmaster is not great for arena past level 80 but i am thinking of getting him if he will bring me 1 raid damage .
so i believe it is still set up that you will lose all of your gems when you switch from ios to android .
i am planning on getting an galaxy s5 on black friday and switching over .
i planned on using them on psy rate up hoping for a marco or something .
i could alternatively just refill my stam with gems and get a bunch of dupes and sbs from the fortnights in prep for the skill rate up .
i think most would do only strength training or quit .
i am working on creating an updated might calculator and i have trouble matching the in-game numbers .
i am detailing what i have been using so far maybe someone can point out any mistakes or omissions .
most of the information i got from the wiki however some of it is outdated and other plain wrong .
it works great for the legendary heroes however the numbers do n't match for ordinary and elite compairing with in-game score per hero
on top of this each hero also adds might based on inscription level .
i did n't get a chance to verify this so i am assuming the table on the wiki is correct level 20 81 level 40 225 level 60 471 level 80 876 .
there is some data missing for buildings over level 20 so for now assuming linear increase eg .
the one question i had was if the upgrade from basic to advanced tower leads to am initial decrease in might from 50 to 10 .
not much has changed here in a while so i think the data is correct and clear .
my current calculations for my account have me at a 500 might difference 67,263 in calculator vs 66,766 in-game .
the difference for the ordinary and elite heroes is only about 20 or so so this ca n't account for it .
my ultimate goal is to be able to calculate might and might related rewards hb merits etc to assess the roi for investing in might boosting .
so has anyone ever calculated or bothered to keep an estimate of how much rp you need to go from an b card to an r card ?
i get as far as getting it up to a b s card but then i get distracted and go on a fusing spree and fuse all my other cards that need to level up ...
i wan na stop but it 's so damn catchy !
do n't think this post means much but it 's somewhat related i guess .
we are a casual and active group of level 2000 players .
we have completed our first membership purge and we seek semi-active level 2000 blood .
all we ask is some communications on the message board or actively hitting the raid when you can .
i 've noticed that the unbranded break calippers on my trek madone 2.1 looks just like shimano 105 ones .
i 'm wondering if there is any differences in term of breaking power .
i climb and descent a lot so breaking is something i take seriously .
i 'm wondering if it 's worth swapping the unbranded ones out for a 105 or even ultegra .
i have no desire to convert it to disk so i 'll pass on that option .
i installed the game at around 4:00pm and now its 10:00pm .
i should mention this is disc one of four .
the changes are not major but i think that it 'd work well .
this is how i think it should be when building ...
to upgrade from stone to metal you must build a new standing structure you should not be able to upgrade stone straight to metal on the same existing structure .
the last change i have would be that you would need to find blueprints for each piece of armored tier .
i just ca n't do it to the three people who care .
in my reports i found that a site with very high domain authority linked to me .
i am very curious why and how they linked but i am unable to find where exactly they linked from their page is dynamic i guess and contents change every time i visit and i ca n't find which page on my site they linked to .
afaik webmaster tools and open site explorer are of no help here
so my friend is saving up for a pc and asked me to design one for him .
i 've built several computers but i 'm in no shape of form an expert .
can someone please check if this build is smart and does n't bottleneck and is just generally compatible ?
the prices are slightly higher since we 're in australia .
hey guys so i just figured we should help each other out and post some of the clues that are given to us in the app to get free puzzle pieces !
share yours and i 'll update when i get some more !
i 'm mainly looking for the pokemon in my spreadsheet https docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1vsymyxbcpvxdxvmpwd87xu9kxbfqsshgjh5ctcjliju/edit gid=0 but i 'm open to other stuff as well .
so if you 've got an interesting 'mon in a nice ball just shoot me an offer and i might be interested !
in return for an offer i accept i can offer either
breedject babies of the pokemon you give me depending on female baby percentage
be held in new york on thursday and friday feb 4-5 2016 .
to get a sense of compose you can check out the great talks from the
tight so feel free to submit proposals and ideas on the less-polished
the audience for compose is haskell ocaml f or sml developers who
are looking to increase their skills or learn new technologies and
taking complex concepts such as program derivation and putting them
library/tool talks — exploring the uses of a powerful toolkit or
library be it for parsing testing data access and analysis or
theory made practical — just because it 's locked away in papers
principles of a field of research so as to help the audience read up
on it in the future from abstract machines to program derivation to
the due date for submissions is december 14 2015 .
a title and describe the topic you intend to speak on .
either 30 or 45 minutes please indicate how much time you would
additional information may be included on both your expertise and the
interesting elements of your topic going on what might be included in
we 'll work with you to polish it up .
to discuss your proposal s before submitting or to further nail down
what you intend to speak on please feel free to contact us at
we 're happy to work with you even if you
are a new or inexperienced speaker to help your talk be great .
we would like to put an emphasis on soliciting a diverse set of
speakers anything you can do to distribute information about this
i just dropped a point into sneak 4 thinking awesome running no longer affects sneaking ''
i go into sneak press the sprint button get up and run like normal and get detected .
edit til you can sneak slowly and sneak quickly .
thanks for the replies i 've got my head around it now .
how do you know i 'm lon ... ..how do you know i 'm a pea ... .how do you know how fast people imagined my burial would be ? !
i wander how they 're gon na manage that much torque through fwd without crazy torque steer .
they wo n't but it 's okay because nobody will notice .
here are a few more some of them are n't from the potterdom though
the bloody ashikabi https www.fanfiction.net/s/9976928/1/the-bloody-ashikabi harry gets raised by a psychopathic swordsmen .
the sekireiverse is kinda weird but its a fun story with lots of violence and the whole lord political bullshit takes a backseat in the trunk of the car .
birth by fire https www.fanfiction.net/s/9117546/1/birth-by-fire a fate stay night corssover .
shirou is raised by kirei and is no longer a bland-ass motherfucker focused on heroism .
i 'm a little biased on this one since i really like fire so a story about a psychopathic pyromaniac kinda hits all the stuff i like in a story .
i 'm not 100 sure about sadisticness in this one though .
slaughterhouse nine days https forums.spacebattles.com/threads/slaughterhouse-nine-days-worm.361191 this one 's from the worm fandom .
it 's told from the perspective of jack slash and is most him bringing a group of special individuals together for a higher purpose .
in this one taylor 's power is super strength powered by the fear of everyone around her .
consuming direct control https www.fanfiction.net/s/8064299/1/consuming-direct-control crossover between prototype and mass effect .
i 'm not sure that this one is a sadistic sort of thing per se but it 's definitely mercer doing terrible things for shits and giggles .
i 'll probably come up with some other ones eventually .
its teaching the son he is less important than girls .
what if the line was for vault 111 and all the girls got inside then a nuke went off and all the men outside died ?
i just watched this and totally did n't notice .
it certainly was n't as bad to warrant the hate it gets .
but fuck ... considering how much money went into it it should have been so much better .
om du funderar på vad du helst skulle göra i mitt exempel om skog .
låna 1901 kronor till 10 procents årlig ränta eller låna 1,6 miljoner till nästan noll procents ränta vad tycker du känns bäst ?
jag vet inte om jag har något förslag om pensionerna .
pensionerna och andra långssvansade åtaganden ska betalas med balansräkningen eftersom tillgångssidan utgörs av de inbetalningar som pensionsspararen gör .
i ett lågt ränteläge måste pensionsspararen i princip betala in lika mycket som han eller hon sedan vill få ut .
i ett högt ränteläge så förräntas inbetalningarna vilket gör att man i kronor räknat inte behöver betala in lika mycket som man sedan förväntar sig få ut .
but it freaks me out at the same time .
i go to the bathroom right before i go to bed so i know i do n't have to wake up in the middle of the night to go .
but ask me to go to a cemetery or a haunted insane asylum.. and i 'm totally down .
when something happens that i ca n't explain i either go outside and smoke a cigg or i go for a drive .
or i put my headphones in and read reddit or go on facebook .
the light blinds me so i ca n't see anything except my phone and i ca n't hear .
if i start getting a nervous feeling or feel like i 'm being watched i pull the blankets over my head and focus on what i 'm doing .
i understand everything i do is n't going to help if things get physical .
if it helps try talking to whatever you feel may be there .
like before you go to the bathroom announce yourself .
it may seem weird but sometimes when i feel energy build up i say something .
like when doors kept opening and shutting by themselves in my apartment..
i stood out in the living room and said hey it 's okay if you want to make your presence known but could you not do it while no one is home ? ''
and so far doors have stopped opening and shutting by themselves .
now i 'm dealing with this bell that keeps ringing in my bookshelf .
it freaks me out.. and if it starts getting worse i will walk out in the living room and ask it to not do it while i am home alone .
of you do n't want something in your house tell it to leave .
if you feel like something is watching you tell it to stop .
now if you start being confident and start feeling dread or wake up with scratch marks.. time to call a priest .
but you have to keep in mind that spirits are just people who have died .
if you feel dread or really bad nervousness.. you got something that is n't friendly..
but if you do n't feel that or you just feel like someone is looking at you chances are it 's just a spirit that 's curious bout you just like you are of it .
no one really is.. none of us are dead haha .
so i could n't tell you exactly how the rules are !
thought you were wearing crocks when i first looked at these .
i got diamond maining yasuo along with that got my other 2 accounts in mid-plat p2/p3 .
he does take awhile to learn and given the current state of the game may end up being banned more often than he used to be given i did n't run into a massive amount of season 5 yas bans but it 'll depend because some adc 's may be higher on the ban priority list kog for example .
overall a strong champion he has his weaknesses but is also a monster when played properly up to you if you want to devote time to learning him .
when you are planning to start a mission while already in the field .
why ca n't it be whose line friday already ?
authorities have not necessarily found the negative results conclusive broward sheriff al lamberti has expressed a belief that some new drug not yet tested for played a role nationally noted toxicologist barry logan said eugene 's behavior was consistent with bath salts '' and that toxicologists are not testing for everything that may be out there ''
wrote this on my tablet inbetween the night shifts at work .
no spelling checker and not much time to proofread it for problems .
i awoke in a strange bed of wood and quilts nothing like the firm plastic mattress and silk sheets of the city .
a calming voice said to me while a strong hand was placed on top of my forehead .
it was scarred cracked and smelled almost tangy like the flavo-risin in the orange containers from the city .
his warm face was masked by a layer of hair and beard neither of which i had ever seen before in my life .
so it was true that once long ago men could grow hair on their faces .
he continued ... you have to be one of the legendary walled people .
no one has seen one of you for thousands of years . ''
i tried to sit up but a new sensation hit me that i had never known before .
it was sharp and it seemed to rip through my chest from within .
as soon as i sat back the sharp sensation went away .
i 've called the medicine woman and she 'll be here soon .
you look like you have been starving so i will have them butcher a chicken . ''
i felt so light headed that i found it hard to focus on him anymore .
a woman put pieces of stringy white fibres in my mouth .
but i did n't know what to do with it .
i gave him some penicillin and demerol but you 'll have to give him some more of it for a while .
he will be out for most of the week so let him get some rest and keep him in bed .
liquid foods like soup will help him get up his strength . ''
that 's all fine and all but what if there 's more of him ?
the man spoke up one weak and frail man is not an invasion .
when he is ready we will ask him why he is here . ''
for the week the only person that came and went was one girl swisla .
the first few days i was so tired that i was only awake long enough to eat before i slept again .
after a few days i was starting to have more energy .
one went 'oooooo oooooo ' and i was terrified that it could come in and hurt me .
but swisla assured me that the 'owl ' could not get in .
nor the rooster that made loud noises in the morning before the sun came up .
she had wrapped my chest in a tight cloth and when she came this time she took it off .
david the old man with the face of hair smiled i think caleb would be a better fit for you .
swisla assured me as she helped me to my feet .
i had been in bed most of the time other than to pee in the round bowl in the corner of the room with water in it .
i had not even seen the sun other than the last rays of it on that one harrowing day i made my escape from the low towers .
i still could hear the sirens as the numbers agents chased me from the high plateau to the lowest levels of the city .
that was when i dived from the top of the wall and passed through the clouds and the smog .
had i not known what was outdoors as i slept i would have tried to look out sooner .
high above the black dark clouds of the city gloomed but only in part of the sky for the rest was clear and blue .
the most beautiful blue i had ever seen before in my life .
i would never have to take a decontamination pill ever again .
david asked me as i fell to my knees .
you 're all supposed to be poor and fighting to survive in the worst of the pollution .
they all looked to one another each as equally confused .
no one has made contact with anyone inside for thousands of years .
we assumed the machines kept running and you were all dead . ''
oh great tower of fortune i was too late .
david added that is why the smog cloud had been getting thinner . ''
but there 's so much room out here for them and more .
rejecting refugees from our country and keeping the world divided is literally what isis wants .
when you tell syrians that the western world offers no haven from violence and theocracy that 's when the terrorists win .
that side effect alone is a reason the only reason i care about aswell to celebrate when weed becomes legal less people brag about how hardcore they are .
granted there will still be people bragging about other drugs
speaking of explosions they are amazing in this game .
i grabbed 16 minuets of gameplay before i crashed i do n't have any editing software damn you windows 10 so you guys will need to edit out the sound on your end .
i also changed the background to something i whipped up in photoshop if you want me to put in the original background and grab some more footage i can do that no problem .
i think it was sarcasm due to not getting zephyr before the domino fortnight which requires a shooter team .
although you can make a full farmable str-shooter team now with double bb absalom wapol hw franky mr. 4 mr.5 ...
yes mate i need backing track so i can play my lead guitar !
does n't matter how old you are tits will always be great .
i would pay a million dollars to watch bayley jam a microphone down eva 's throat .
i do n't mean that in a creepy way either .
i mean that in a holy fuck shut up and please go away forever '' way .
edit maffew is going to have fun with this one lol .
that said if you want to play games than a desktop is a way better starting point .
2 i 'll say a joke about skeletons but nobody will laugh .
there 's always deus ex human revolution for that one .
not nuclear war but dystopian detroit ai n't so bad .
i do n't know what 's wrong with me ...
that feel when addicted to f melee because halo ce
your submission was removed because it looks like you 're posting music without a correct title .
does it have spaces around the dash and does it have the genre ?
forgetting these points are almost definitely why it was removed .
you will need to delete this post before submitting again click on delete above .
if you are not posting music please resubmit with the appropriate tag in the title
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/music if you have any questions or concerns .
hello u/thedude2888 please make sure your submission is within our rules r/drugs/wiki/rules and resubmit it as a text post r/drugs/submit ? selftext=true .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/drugs if you have any questions or concerns .
just to clarify when you say crits you mean damage or what
however that is not an excuse for you to not vibe with guests or anything .
at least at my store they like to send secret shoppers to see how sales floor team members vibe with guests especially during extremely busy days such as black friday .
you will have to be quick on your feet and move .
there will be literally a mountain of clothes shoes accessories etc .
the zone is going to be shitty but at least try to pick up as you go .
try to learn what some of the black friday deals are .
you will have a ton of guests asking what 's the deal for this ? ''
try to get a mydevice as well especially if you 're going to be helping the operator or in shoes or something .
learn how to look up merchandise on a register as well just in case .
trust me the store will literally be anarchy on earth .
just be prepared ask many questions when you get trained and do your best .
i 've only been on one date that did n't lead to a second date and long story short that was on her .
i 've met everyone i 've ever dated in person be it in the wild through friends or we were already friends .
i think meeting online is far more likely to lead to a lack of second dates because there is n't a natural chemistry forming from the outset .
first dates that normally would n't have happened do happen online .
so most of the stuff you listed sounded pretty enticing so i gave it a shot and well ... my initial impressions were spot on accurate .
this game feels and plays like a web browser game .
i 'm not talking about graphics here i mean the way it actually feels .
the guy that originally responded to you was right .
sailing around the map feels like a 2d board game .
i guess it 's cool to control your secondaries and aa but your second point about the game focusing more on team play is bullshit .
in not one single way did this game promote team play .
the game has limited ammo sure but that did n't keep people from torping the entire time .
armour '' sic may have mattered somewhere but not on my kongo proto so i guess i did n't get to experience that .
in the few games i played i can say without a doubt that this game does not have a greater skill cap .
essentially everyone was grouping into a cluster and started shooting each other at close range .
2 1/2 hours in and unless something drastically changes about this game the thought of playing will never come across my mind .
everything else you mentioned was not enough to keep me playing .
i guess have fun with steel ocean ... at least you seem to enjoy it .
for a game like wows that 's expensive but for a beeboop ass game like steel ocean ?
make sure you look for one that is actually crash rated !
dunno i feel like the only right colour for a car like that is british racing green .
how about instead i support politicians who would use my tax dollars to help innocent people in syria rather than fund perpetual wars in the middle east that create these situations ?
bms stat priority is pretty much opposite of mm .
instead of crit/multi you need mast/haste the rest balanced out for crit multi and vers
i main a mm/bm and this is the worst time that the specs have been so far apart .
vietnam was no different from out latest wars billions given to huge corporations .
fact by the end of the war the wealthiest people in south vietnam were the contractors who hauled waste from the military bases the trash was combed through and anything valuable was sold to desperate refugees .
the south vietnamese leadership was also incredibly venal they had entire 'ghost armies ' you a arvn private die and the general keeps your name on the paylist and pockets your pay .
i 'm hitting colorado in january and i hate to admit it but i 'm already packed .
maybe i should start counting the sleeps like a kid approaching christmas
and that 's why you rolled a different character to experience different areas of the game .
i rolled a new character in skyrim but all i was doing was the same shit slightly differently .
i remember watching zombieland and what seemed like 20 minutes the movie was already over .
by definition getting drunk means consuming more alcohol than your body can safely ingest .
well your supposed to archive it before all the comments are deleted lol but you can use http r.go1dfish.me/r then the subreddit/thread/whatever to see deleted comments but it does n't work with archive.is unfortunately .
so just make sure your defenses are always higher than your food water so attacks hardly ever happen d
even raiders can raid your containers so you might want to hide it somewhere high or something .
thanks mate i just need to stop relying on games for escapism it 's very unhealthy !
i take care of an overwhelming portion of our responisibilites including income .
the sex is barely ok when it happens and thats quite infrequent .
i have no life in my attempt to allow him to live quite comfortably which has secretly disgusted many of our mutual friends when they see me looking dead from work while he plays games on the computer .
usually it 's not worth the time to strip it unless you have an apprentice you can dump it on or it 's pretty sizable cable
what do people have to prevent it from happening ?
if a vote for that could happen it might .
if you 're into books good chats and do n't mind a bit of sweating and noise go for the underground bookstore at the lagusnilad underpass near manila city hall .
you can also ask kuya aj/the owner more places to go around .
he 's friendly and he knows a lot so striking a conversation with him 's easy peasy .
even though they 've talked over about 80 of soma 's total dialogue maybe they 'll get this feedback in time to save the end of the lp .
we see gen 3s being made from actual if replicated '' looking bones flesh and organs and we can eat replicated gorilla meat as if it were normal natural grown meat off of any normal animal .
i 'm starting to think there 're no actual electronics involved in their construction .
bulldozing it to make way for a service station when meadowhall with two petrol stations free parking and many food retail outlets is literally a 5-10 minute drive away would be an absolute fucking disgrace .
there is no need for a service station at smithy wood .
but even if there was the st. pauls development that took over the plot of land right next door to the woods would easily encompass such a facility and should be used in preference to building on a fresh site especially when that site is an ancient woodland .
unfortunately your account does not have enough karma to submit things to r/videos at this time .
r/videos requires users to have a minimum of 10 link and 10 comment karma .
we suggest that you comment in some popular threads and make submissions to other subreddits to build up your karma and then come back .
we are sorry for any inconvenience caused and look forward to your submissions in the future .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/videos if you have any questions or concerns .
assad has been fighting isis since day 1 while the usa/eu/nato supported them 2009 2012 bc they wanted to overthrow assad .
do n't worry after a few months you may get the itch and start playing again and it 's not going to feel empty
each location should have a chest with a written book for people to put their name/date and take/leave items .
there really is no such thing as pure or innocent .
everyone has done a wrong thing at some time .
only the children younger than two are actually innocent but the world stains all that live in it .
good and evil is not a bipolar decision it 's a scale .
and the same kind of evil can be done in didferent ways .
raping might be the same as murder in terms of evil .
i think in the end most of us are pretty good or at least try .
it 's not our fault some of us have looked at porn it'a human nature .
you can believe whatever you want as long as the process does n't disturb social rules if it 's ever done in public .
did n't realise that was the case with their clothing .
problem is that the shirt was on sale but only online .
i can try going in-store for an exchange but i 'll probably just return it .
can you think of a recent degree that seemed like a good investment but then shifted on a dime to be a poor investment ?
why would they translate '' to an american version ?
that 's much less likely to happen as elder scrolls has kind of been pinned out from the start with the first game taking place in every province but randomly generated the type where no one gets the same map .
many places were added in 3 onward and in skyrim you may stumble across ruins from areas of the first game being 200 years later and due to the oblivion crisis .
when we see radical changes in a theory over a short span of time
global cooling '' was a thing in the popular press not in scientific circles in the 1970s .
and you would characterize that as radical changes in a theory over a short span of time ? ''
i might be wrong about this but it was so named because it 's beauty was the bosom of america .
again not sure if true but it 's what i like to think haha
the only thing that makes sense to get rid of completely is refined sugars .
fruits and vegetables which often contain more sugar than fruit are essential for a well rounded diet for a plethora of reasons .
i see life as a plot that is unraveling before my eyes and my own actionsnas a small contribution to that plot .
sometimes my own actions surprise me but more often they feel natural .
i still like to stand up for what i feel is righ but at the same time accept that everything i do is just part of a big mechanism .
at the same time 'predeterminism ' is a knowledge thst you may want to put away in a drawer 99 of the time or else you 'll go mad .
wow i do n't know how to thank you enough .
this is the example how good people help each other .
everyone has what they are good at and to share it unconditionally with others is love !
i could get very different answers from some sells rep trying to sell me a electric keyboard that best benefits them .
my hobbies are magic and dentistry i go to dental school .
if you ever have any questions related to those 2 fields do n't hesitate to ask me .
indian teas are fantastic but asian teas are great too !
would n't it be cheaper for all these countries '' are you sure as hell france germany america sweden and the rest ca n't make a safe zone in syria and ship resources there ?
because if that 's the case then i would n't believe you for a second .
if you want to keep your euro players why not pay them more ?
not our fault eu ca n't pay your players enough l0ol
so you tried to fool them into thinking you were a resident when you were n't and got caught .
you said yourself that you took the steps to establish residency elsewhere .
you can try to fight it but it looks like you 'll have to pay the extra money if they do n't buy it .
is this a troll or can you really be that retarded ?
ik vraag me af hoe anders de geschiedenis verlopen zou zijn als het doorgegaan was o
i easily get 5 hours sot with facebook messenger and battery mode on normal with brightness at about 80 auto off location on sync on
so i am not gon na go to all this trouble to just get 30-40 minutes more and turning wifi location etc off too
will post a picture when i get to 10 battery to show sot currently at 65 so ca n't show much
nothing would happen since this is n't proper syntax and this is not a sql database input .
i love these post because i get to down vote everyone that says fibrir and tag my enemies when i 'm done .
and this change happened the day before i built my grakata .
i copied and ran part of the code in my own test and yeah seems to always says 11 and 13 .
but randomize is working and when i added it just before it started printing proper random numbers again .
are you sure it 's not being reset somewhere in the code ?
you ca n't challenge if you do n't have a time out
i only made my pc last year so maybe i 'm being a little hasty will probably still upgrade end of next year as it was a budget build to start
the only requirement for a harem is that there are at least 3 love interests in the mc .
whether it affects the story or not does n't matter .
and the questions from my extended family ... '' did n't you already run today ? ''
gary neville 's excitement chelsea vs barcelona when torres scored .
yeah we 're pretty aware of what type of commercial usually takes the top prizes .
but we 're just happy to have something that people are responding to the way they are and the exposure we 've been getting has been really great .
thanks for watching and taking the time to respond !
probably drink an entire bottle of hot sauce https redd.it/2vdwtw and say i can handle the heat '' while staring into their eyes like a badass .
to answer some of your other questions i do have a job where i work outdoors frequently and i burn easily because i 'm so light skinned .
i get burned a couple times every year i almost always wear sunblock but not on that specific location .
as far as medical problems i think i 'm pretty much completely healthy besides this .
no history of skin lesions that i know of .
so my austrian professor was at it again today he talked about prices
in modern economics the price of a good is related to its usefullness/use .
in modern economics profits are a part of the value of the endproduct not added to it .
in modern economics only supply and demand regulate the price .
taking deep breaths for around 30 seconds instead of getting mad can really help you
i have a stupid question though how do you get your weapons on the shelf ?
and how 'd you move the green army statues ?
this article gives a good explanation about the xp system
europe has nike adidas redbull and all the computer sponsors etc are in na and they play lcs in the evening vs europe who plays 4-5 pm gmt .
old gods are not dead p we just defeated their physical manifestation .
there is a discussion on hacker news http news.ycombinator.com/item ? id=10589953 but feel free to comment here as well .
i dislike faze as an org based off of how the owners act and some of the things that they 've done in the past not going into specifics
as a person who uses his pc as media machine and main playing system i can not agree more .
it 's a bliss navigating with the sc like if i actually was sit on my desktop .
of course you can not use it for chatting but the on-screen keyboard is more than enough for typing urls and logging credentials .
i even browse reddit on the comfort of my couch .
sometimes i wonder if i totally dodged a bullet .
the pro-scene has a small elite of teams that are actually good .
the rest are inconsistent and unable to even compete aginst the elite though being at worlds .
based on statistics from worlds 3 teams stomped the rest of the competition without the 13 remaining teams even being able to come close in performance .
honestly this has grown out of proportion some guy who did n't know better said something stupid happens .
it does n't deserve this much attention i feel especially since no one here cares about ign anyway .
not my gift but we had a christmas party as a restaurant once everyone was given their secret santa gift .
i was sat on a table with a number of female colleagues .
one of them opened their box to find they 'd been gifted pussy rub and various flavoured lubes .
namely hers but a few of her department seemed to be embarrassed for her too .
they have no interest in truth they have an agenda .
that is point h2k started with low offer because they can hire other junglers in soloq .
tsm then must offer big money because here is no better jungler in na soloq than sven .
then h2k offered more money than tsm but sven didnt like this tactic so he decided to go with tsm and that is ok .
it just shows how teams in eu works they dont need overpay decent players but na must .
remember the story a few years ago about how many of the guns held by the atf ended up with the hands of drug cartels ?
https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/atf_gunwalking_scandal i would believe that the same thing is happening here .
my parents were in syria in 2008 i think they said it was one of the nicest countries they have been to !
what saddens me the most is that syria and iraq are now the epitome of terrorism .
i hope peace finds the countries one day and we can all travel and see the orient
it was the symptoms of the virus that were killing people .
if you could get past the symptoms you could live through it .
hershel went outside to pick elderberries and make a tea to help the sick while he waited for the others to get back with the meds he asked for .
i 'm sure he drank the tea himself as well .
but for some people they were just too far gone .
historically elderberries sambucus have been used to help alleviate the symptoms of influenza the common cold and bronchitis .
the tea has a positive effect on lung health and is even used by asthma sufferers to extend the time between attacks .
you can also buy it as an extract syrup sambucol .
if it cost you 10 you can write off that 10 .
if you pay the 30 business tax rate for profits that write off saves you 3 .
yep this happened twice last night can confirm having it yourself gives all other teammates the immunity
ehmm they are french citizens as much as christians or atheists or whatever and they are benefitting the country like any other citizen .
does religion defines how much i benefit my country ?
me and some friends play together on my server we have come across this too however me as the host can not use this bug it simply does not work for me .
then again i am hosting from within the game do n't know if that affects anything .
instead i use the helmet on and off bug which resets your fall damage it also allows you to glide '' across the world in whatever relative speed you reached it is very nice to have if you have to travel a few thousand meters .
that sounds like how you start a conversation with an er doctor .
i believe the new 40ap on sunday will nett more qp if the exp daily is any indicator of a trend
either hope for a new stage new event a massive server outrage more likely than the other 2 or ...
i managed to get her re-release pre-order 3 still ca n't find any retailer with mikleo 's extra head tho ... frustrating .
what 's with the little creepy eva clone by izzy screaming bloody murder at the crowd each time they boo ?
i read something about her when the spoilers came out and assumed she was around izzy 's age apparently shes a student at full sail .
it actually makes me uncomfortable that someone that age would mark that hard for eva a sign is one thing the costume is another the screaming ... .well that 's just concerning .
this gets to me every damn time i hear it .
it looks like you left a really good job with good people to go somewhere and make just a little bit more money .
you are miserable and have made a terrible mistake .
honestly i 'd like to name shame the uncle .
i bet his university would n't be so keen on how he 's handled this .
i know we ca n't do that here but damn ...
i really like review but it 's not as laugh out loud funny to me all the time .
the only factions you could n't do all of in morrowind were the great houses .
it just took gasp time building up your character 's skills in order to advance and do more important missions .
edit yes you can do both the fighter and thieves guild questlines .
you can see that order matters for the code book .
the fighters guild quest line ends with a choice .
instead of killing thieves guild people you can talk to percius and kill the current head of the fighters guild hard heart instead .
i 'm so tired of seeing this kind of crap .
besides eliminating waste it also keeps the coffee warmer and fresher for longer and can be thrown in a backpack .
they 're unnecessarily adding a lot of waste to what has long been a very low waste process .
by contrast disposable cups while wasteful are at least justified by necessity .
for anyone not using the reusable vessels these places often sell and incentivize disposable is really the only feasible option .
i do n't use disposable and i think we should do more to reduce waste but i do at least acknowledge the utility there .
not so for k-cups which cater to the lazy produce a worse cup of coffee than other single cup methods from pour-over to press and only save you 3-4 minutes at most relative to other methods .
unfortunately at this time titans ca n't even be sold on the eve market they 're too large to dock so it 's kinda sketchy to get prices for them thus the approximate values given out .
only place to really get a price is on the forums .
you 're probably right but there 's still a middle ground between welp you 're on your own '' and come live at home forever ! ''
i think when/if my son is ever homeless i 'd let him come home ...
but he 'd pay rent or some other you have a month '' type arrangement .
i hope your parents at least had you over for dinner every week while you were struggling .
what strip club have you been to that has gift cards ?
end of the day you care way too much about this tv show .
also i linked speeches for you that have people saying zero words for 20 minutes straight .
you 're basically arguing that completely legitimate reasons for being quiet during a speech were not the intent of the character which you ca n't know .
you can guess at but you ca n't know .
you asked me for those reasons to be quiet and i gave them to you .
it is 100 not weird to stop talking during a speech .
you are allowed to assume that the character did n't embrace the completely appropriate action of being quiet during a speech and assume he has accepted thea during the small exchange they had .
i think he had no idea what to say to some psycho bitch so he nervous/cringe smiled .
be better than other team and spawn trap them easy game !
i 'll take that last one looks like there 's still some pointy bits .
also fyrinnae has a metallic silver called warp speed i 'm currently waiting on to come back in stock .
i have a couple other liquid lipsticks from them and while they 're not fully transfer proof they are still great quality .
my career path definitely aligns with job a more however would starting my career at a nonprofit be looked down at if i apply for positions at for-profit companies ?
i have a really cool camera setup at my front gate and all over my property to catch raccoons and thieves doing their business .
videos are streamed instantly right to the internet for safe keeping and i get a notification right away .
i debated whether or not to post the video but decided to do it when i realize my children walked right though the urine just a minute later .
it is against the law to pee on my doorstep and there is a small plot of trees on public land just 30 yards away where she could have relieved herself in an emergency .
there was no acceptable reason what so ever for this woman to do this to my house .
a video gets posted of a woman taking a pee inside his front gateway and the thread goes off first asking what 's the camera set up boy that looks clear '' into san francisco is full of neo-fascists '' who would persecute this poor woman and all the requisite back and forth .
stop supporting brutal dictatorships in the middle east in the interests of securing cheap oil and selling arms .
stop committing terrorist acts against civilians in the middle east .
by addressing the fundamental issues that create the circumstances under which these violent groups emerge we could go a long way in eliminating the circumstances that produce these violent ideologies .
these violent groups typically emerge under bad economic circumstances and political arrangements under which violence is the primary mode of operation this is the same in any part of the world and in any cultural circumstance it is nothing unique to the islamic world .
my helicopter mother still wo n't let me stay out past midnight or one in the morning on weekends for fear i 'll get hit by a drunk driver .
this is just one example on a long list of shit i deal with .
the frigging woman is afraid of her own shadow .
i do n't want to be disrespectful to her since she does make a lot of sacrifices for my brother and i but it 's absolutely suffocating and she does n't realize the resentment i 'm harboring toward her for the lack of freedom .
the idea is n't set in stone so if you have a better idea come with it
i never said you could n't follow a logical argument .
i took courses in debate and in college logical reasoning .
you 've again applied a logical fallacy you have just committed a strawman fallacy by reducing and changing my argument to meet something easier to take out .
do you care to try and attack my arguments without fallacies this time ?
your post was removed because it uses the text box .
askreddit is currently on a two week trial of not allowing anything in the text box aside from a period .
please see this https www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/3tb13m/mod_post_rule_1_change_and_announcement_of_a_two post for more information and please click here to resubmit http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/submit ? selftext=true title=công ty tnhh thịnh tâm phát without the textbox .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
i honestly have not looked at my company 's policy yet .
the 6l80 transmission was used in the corvette with the exact same ratios .
how inside out fails at body positivity '' why i 'm childfree but not by choice '' that 's called childless you stupid bint do psychiatrist perpetuate the stigma of mental illness ? ''
it 's an echo chamber for idiots who visit the site to hear what they want to hear not actually learn anything .
i would n't pay it any mind you can expect those articles to be trash .
there is no way adjusting glasses can be this much fun
like for brushing teeth for moisturizer for hair for burns for chapped lips and things like that .
yeah everyone talks about how big and buff he is but he makes barely any use of it on offense its so frustrating .
i really do not want to see smart end up like josh smith and be a really good defender who can drive but opts to chuck up and barely hit the rim on most of his 3s .
i cringe every time smart shoots 3s because he always goes 1-5 or 1-6 from 3s when he could be getting 1-3 from 3 and 3-7 while driving to the hoop .
the quality of the evidence against adnan has literally nothing to do with the quality of the evidence against don .
i 'm sure it works for some other sites as well though i have n't been able to test it out .
we will become the dominant qrow and winter ship !
wish they made the flower look more like an actual 'the flower they saw that day ' http www.vanmeuwen.com/medias/sys_master/8817272160286.jpg instead of stylizing it .
edit the flower was a s forget me not . ''
yeah that logic did n't really hold up but i think we 're meant to take it on ravi 's word that it was n't the right stuff .
this show so far has n't been terribly interested in the science/fantasy stuff beyond what gets the scene from point a to point b so i tend to just accept what the dialogue is giving me at face value .
i 'd trade but i have more confirmed trades than you currently at 0 so only if you go first
the range of the mortar can be put in such pivotal locations that you have no choice but to try and take it on .
okay but the difference is that she clarifies that she has been clear that she does n't want a non-monogamous relationship .
she would n't have had to clarify it if there had n't been a discussion .
it 's not so much distance that matters but the time .
as you look at farther and farther galaxies you are looking back in time due to the finite nature of the speed of light .
because our galaxy and neighboring galaxies do not have these active galactic nuclei agn it is thought that agn are a feature of young galaxies which still have a lot of gas and particulate matter around the central supermassive black hole .
as the galaxies age the matter condenses to form stars or is shot out via the agn .
once the agn uses up its fuel it stops ejecting matter and we see it as just a supermassive black hole .
my wife is the same way i left a small sack from a burrito place in her car passenger seat when there is literally a foot of junk mail on the passenger side .
she told me i need to clean my mess up .
i go through everything and throw piles of stuff away and she gets mad but damned if i 'm gon na live with a hoarder .
actually i 'm looking for season two and wondering how they start it .
because f.e. i got alive asher talia mira and that small brother .
and i delete game with saves so how am i supposed to start season 2 ?
a lot of us do n't respond normally to stimulants .
you can assign whatever meaning you like to any symbol or word .
it 's good etiquette to state that you 're doing so but even that is n't always necessary if you could expect readers to pick up on your definition .
same here i live in texas and since about last month its been getting very rainy and cold .
cant wait to move somewhere like vancouver or something just for the weather then i can wear my cotton hoodie alot more d
you kinda phrase this like the m5 has always had a v10 .
the e60 is the only one that ever did .
if anything the m5 's heart is traditionally an i6 .
that 's what it had for the first decade .
arguably the most iconic m5 the e39 had a v8 .
if anything the current f10 is more a return to form than anything .
i do n't think being 1st choice in your national team is a true indication of how good a player is .
it just means that the national coach trusts and knows that player better over the alternative .
i think it 's evident that sagna is much better than debuchy .
just compare the two 's career in the premier league .
sagna is so good that he displaced zabaleta arguably the best rb in the league up to last season .
would i gain 8 lbs if i ate the entire thing i wonder ?
the alternative was losing him since bollig is n't getting waived for nothing when hiller is reactivated .
i 'm pretty sure they were all the same guy .
oh u/hanleysrake probably trolling dodgers fans in ban-heaven now .
also the reference to skadoodle and jw should be reversed .
jw is superior to skadoodle in every quality and same with doublelift to wildturtle .
boomers did n't just have fallout drills they also had bomb drills in general .
my have parents both told me they were taught to use their arms to protect their necks while hiding under their desks because you can live without a hand or arm but your upper spine is valuable .
my dad had that lesson repeated at his school once a month for years and years .
then he and his brothers had to register for the draft when they turned 18 .
he was just barely too young to serve in vietnam .
his brothers would have gone to war except that my grandpa was a leader in the mormon church .
only so many mormon boys from each area were allowed to get out of the draft to serve missions and because my grandfather was in leadership his sons got to take those spots while their friends died .
my dad 's dad was drafted into wwii just after getting married and my dad 's mom was left at home hoping she would get to see him again .
my dad 's maternal uncles were prisoners of war .
so my dad 's family dinners growing up were saturated with talk of war and how war affected his family members personally .
my mother used to and maybe still does pray that god will stave off wwiii until her sons are all old enough to avoid the draft .
my parents ' generation has much more actual belief that there could be a real life-changing war compared to people my age who have never seen a draft or anything remotely close to a world war .
it 's all about the particular triggers with those bots .
i will most likely never play another match of conquest so why would i care what happens with a handful of people that play it professionally .
besides i 'd rather play than watch with my free time .
of course you throw in the matches mid-week mid-day you get lower viewers as well .
ultimately though it 's the playerbase not caring because most players do n't bother with conquest .
how can it be the main '' game mode if it 's not the most played game mode ... ... ?
best part of all of this is ... ..there 's really good feedback in here for hirez to use to make their game better and to improve the rate of growth .
there 's really good feedback in here and to this point not a bleep or blurp that anyone cares or that they are looking into any portion of this information .
just keep making skins selling gems la la la ... ...
next time they should let the community choose if they should implement these ideas to get rid of this hassle .
i got a 5 6 or 7 depending on the definition of often . ''
does it count if i was n't hit very often but was continually reminded that i could be hit again at any time ?
doe s it count if i was disturbed that i did n't get to view the lost '' parent 's corpse because i could n't be sure that he was really dead ?
i read somewhere that they offered morgan to officially join the band but he declined .
third round buy are quite horrible without the bomb plant in the pistol round hence the second round force .
so if you full save on the second you are relying on a bomb plant with no pistols/utility/armour .
a third round buy with no bomb plant in the pistol round and full save in second round will only give around 3500 on each terrorist without that second round plant so is not very advisable as decent buy is not very useful when forcing can give you a decent buy and a full buy in only one round more
they are unspooling a lot of backstory as fast as possible this episode
rather the process to get flying will be available but the final steps or actual ability will be disabled until later .
if you 're close enough to hit harden going into his shooting motion and you do hit him it 's a foul .
too many times to count both in cqb and out in fields .
however i always use full face protection so it did nothing to me .
i recommend full face as it covers eyes nose ears and teeth/mouth .
i pick up all weapons with a value 50 and sell them to make money unless they have good mods to strip off .
i have around 30,000 caps now just from doing this .
while i completely agree to it 's irrelevancy you disagree that carlisle a consensus top 3 coach is not better than brad stevens ?
i do n't think shadowrun would ever make a good bethesda game .
thankfully i doubt microsoft would ever let them license the shadowrun universe .
a lot are but there are also a lot of vegans that do it for fitness reasons not animal rights reasons .
i always try to find a light if i have to make a left or i turn right and turn left into a parking lot or drive that would a hell of a lot easier to turn out of .
the highway drove me nuts when i was there too having on/off ramps on the left is another dumb/dangerous thing i do n't understand .
i instantly understood/remembered why driving on the highway always frightened me when i lived there .
yeah im getting a black panda too do you like it ?
i have a .308 caliber that shoots an extra bullet .
it has to be a bummer to lose a physical challenge to stephen .
it started being extinct then it was extinct then they found seeds in a clay pot and it was n't extinct no more .
immediately the biggest issue is going to be major downsizing in the private health insurance industry .
actuaries bill processors and what not will probably lose their jobs as insurance companies downscale and limit themselves to premium plans .
very few of them would be able to be reabsorbed into the federal system because part of the point of this is to cut administrative costs .
aside from that one of the issues is going to be wait-times .
emergency cases get pushed to the front of the line and elective/not-emergency issues are usually prioritized on the basis of first come first serve .
this is kind of how we do things now except people who have the money get pushed to the front of the line .
rich folks will have to wait in line with everyone else .
and there 's initially going to be stress on the system because we have a large part of the population who even with insurance did n't have access to use the system .
this 'll become less of an issue as time goes on and people get their health dealt with .
the wait times issue is also tied to how well we fund the system and is dependent a lot on how well we control costs .
one minor concern though it 's still a concern is overuse of the system for unnecessary things .
like people trying to get appointments simply because they have a cold where they just need to wait it out .
interestingly enough here wait times could help weed out this problem but it 's going to cause rankor because we 're not all perfectly rational beings .
one thing that we need to get a handle on is obesity because that 's going to make things expensive .
prevention public dietary programs solving the problem of food deserts lessening our over-reliance on certain drugs is going to be immensely important in cost controls .
wear skinny jeans because i do n't need a excuse to wear man yoga pants..
oh thank you so much for the info looks like my plan to max the sa of ssr ff frieza with sr ff frieza still going
if i knew we could steal challenger players than that would make this much different as keith is a great adc as well as dardoch is a great jungler .
they all still need someone to rally behind though and shot call for them .
i have heard cris is a pretty good shot caller but i know xpecial is too .
xpecial and keith did really well together and with a really good map awareness jungler like dardoch in the mix those three alone would do a great job .
if you are going to have a non english import i would keep it to one and one that understands basic calls .
my new team with what pool of players is left with the best possible chance imo would be
jung dardoch/shrimp i was looking forward to seeing him in he lcs and then they shit on coast
i think support has to be xpecial for shot calling reasons but i bet cris could handle it just fine as well .
and this would still be a fifth place maybe fourth team .
i thought it was a tick but double checking it with pictures of each that 's definitely a bed bug .
it 's not that hard to cast it in burn .
it was n't weeks we were waiting for an investigation .
in the morning they saw the signs and the afternoon we knew it was an art thing .
sadly i think this will be the pc but not confirmed !
i will be starting a comp team on the x1 msg me on twitter we can talk more !
hi life is a minimum of 20 a plate not sure this is cheap ...
gpg is the best encryption mechanism for emails in my opinion .
i would look on toshibas website for the driver for the touchscreen then because it seems your issue is much deeper than mine was .
mine was fixed by a simple click of the roll back driver '' button and blocking the update .
if you ca n't find the driver from toshiba i 'd research the brand of touchscreen used in your pc and try to get the driver from them .
i know there 's more but i 'm only aware of e-galax and 3m .
otherwise i fear reinstalling may be your best option .
because 20 of 110 would be 22 off while 20 of 100 would be 20 off .
yep and if your a foreigner the police could n't give two shits about you .
unfortunate but not uncommon as i hear from a lot of asian countries japan and china are also in that club of unhelpful police officers '' .
the booming voice means it could n't have been lyanna .
no matter how much of a tomboy she is a woman 's voice is entirely distinctive from a man 's except in few cases .
no one has ever referenced her being able to impersonate a man before .
they did bring back presented with comment and then re-cancelled it
i wonder if this works any differently than the typical camera shutter type .
only reason i think this is because the camera shutter ones have the shutter sections overlapping and this one does not .
every potential problem is surely solved cause some bleeding heart feels some sort of moral superiority .
your submission has been automatically removed because it does not start with a continent tag inside brackets .
the continent tags available are na sa eu asia aus africa and me .
please submit a new post that includes your current country or state after the continent tag as in the examples below .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/recruitcs if you have any questions or concerns .
i do n't mean nm but marvel in general .
i guess its just now watered down to disney and lego games when it comes to consoles .
this clown probably has ptsd from the time he left a potato in the microwave too long and it exploded .
eu nations have given billions of dollars to fund syrian refugee camps .
we can help more of them in turkey/jordan/lebanon than we can in western countries .
or in some countries during minority where the moderate liberal party prop up the moderate conservative party or vice versa so their old powers still gets in charge .
while the smaller guys will be always act as decoration again .
i 'm trying to find words to describe this but they 're not coming .
my girl is apparently quite low and engaged in the pelvis according to midwife .
and braxton hicks are definitely increasing but other than that she seems very comfy in there with no intention of coming out anytime soon !
i 'm a bit on the fence one moment i 'm ok with the fact that she can come now as we 're considered full term now the next minute i do n't feel ready at all ! !
pretty sure we had the same number of points in the paint so just looking at the box score wo n't tell you much .
i think most of the calls okc got were legitimate but i felt like the pelicans did n't get those same calls
they do maybe something 's iffy on your end ?
will update with an image of my codex for confirmation
it would incentivize playing the lesser played roles to help the matchmaker make games with balanced numbers of roles while having at least one support/warrior .
who is this supposed authority that tells canadians brits australians what words mean ?
ok well yo may think it is just a coincidence that a trade is dominated by one tiny group of foreign nationals but op does not .
unless you have some insider knowledge why he so strident ?
the best option would be a cm hyper 212 evo only 30 bucks .
i have one and it does a great job of keeping the cpu cooled overclocked or not .
i went to lbsu for undergrad and i think 1 year we hit 7 .
no it was n't it 's obvious to see that silvio has a bias towards italian players and strikers .
those are the only two types of players that he spends big money on .
sure the italian milan idea may be amplified or just emphasised more when elections approach but it 's certainly not some myth .
great to see kane point streak continue better to see one go into the net .
they always have a sale for 10 it 's a new promo code each few weeks that they email out .
plug in earbuds listen to one of a small selection of albums
your submission was automatically removed because daily2k.com is not an approved site .
please view our wiki https www.reddit.com/r/aww/wiki/index for approved domains and a full list of rules .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/aww if you have any questions or concerns .
yeah ... not a huge fan of all these bland condos either .
it 's not a podcast but poolside.fm http poolside.fm 140051462 is a cool site that plays pretty good nu-disco/tropical house on loop with '80s movie clips in the background .
i have samples of all three if you want to keep an eye out on sunday or check last week 's !
had an issue like that with a land line years ago seems the phone company assigned my number to another person as well .
maybe i just did n't play enough of it but i got about 1 1/2 2 hours into it and thought it kind of sucked .
yeah like that time some asshole wrote racially charged words on a board in the bcc !
oh right ... that was part of a bcc educational activity ... awkward .
maybe santa will bring me a replacement for my tomtom runner .
sparky i did n't expect it to be as easy as ordering retail products out of a mail order catalog .
but i got in contact with the studio 's marketing department—which is in the business of being their face to the public and distributing promotional materials for their products to it—and after verifying that they actually had leftover unused posters on hand it took several back-and-forth calls to establish that no one was willing to take on the grave responsibility of accepting a check for something the studio had previously sent free of charge to movie theaters .
and given that the person i was communicating with did n't take the sort of offense to the request that you have he was actually quite happy that a theatergoer was so interested in the movie it did n't seem to be an outrageous one .
i was really hoping this was a real life thing happening right now .
haha hawk was the perfect guy to call this .
weidman 's undefeated and rockhold is n't going to be the one to change that .
it just sucks joking with him about it and actually hoping he 'll pull through .
one of the things that made this show so good was the cast .
there are many other sitcoms with the same quality in writing but the cast just worked .
jennifer aniston is the best actor out of the bunch .
i was re-watching this recently had n't done so in years and i found her a level above the rest .
i also found out that i underrated matt le blanc as an actor .
people have been calling it the sequel era for months now so probably .
find a 10 hour version of this and you 're set
i put money in just about every two week paychecks .
i have n't been paying attention to the values of what i 'm purchasing the stock in .
should i be keeping track of this or if i 'm just holding for a decade will this not even be a thing to worry about ?
in my experience having multiple dealers is the only way to consistently get good bags .
anytime i 've had only one dealer and that dealer knows he 's my only guy the bags get smaller and less pure the longer i use him .
now i 'm in a situation where i only have one good dealer but i make sure he thinks i have others .
if you do n't they know they can progressively fuck you over a little more and a little more and there 's not much you can or will do about it .
also dealers that also use which is the majority of them suck .
nah i got that it 's just a thing i 'll have to consider given your comments regarding the lack of regulation on supplements .
his point is that for the gear you use you have to have that in writing so it 's able to be referenced
cool what do you think of gh as far as taste/high goes ?
i guess what i 'm badly saying is its funny .
here come the downvotes but i always thought reddit 's obsession with curie was kind of creepy .
she is a robot that was put into a synth body .
she is pretty much a sexbot like the ones you buy from japan .
i stopped my plan of buying it when it was confirmed that galatic conquest was not available .
here 's the way my choice went from being incredibly excited to just playing other games
vehicles are power-ups rather than actual vehicles on the map .
almost quadruple the price tag of battlefront 2 it was £29.99 on release ps2 to experience the full game .
yeah lego just got back to me and suggested that as an option .
the other option is to unplug the xbox for 5 min and re-plug in .
i 'll update my post with what ends up working in case anyone else runs into this !
bayley reminds me more and more of daniel bryan .
nope this was last year but pretty sure it was a malibu or cruze and cs hit a pothole ...
i can see why ossie davis fell in love .
other than using a probe core or sandbox as simulation '' i ca n't really think of any .
agree that you definitely need more vegetables also watch out for those english muffins high calorie low nutrient food
that 's what i figured but anytime i hear rodgers and injury in the same sentence i get i little nervous !
he 's up against ziv and steak though so it wo n't be easy .
while we 're at it bring lilballz and mistake even if they 're just casting .
knowing that you have a wrx makes me enjoy my outback less now .
to bad there are always stis to make me jealous .
but i do n't agree on the less satisfaction as i feel i get as much as i deserve .
if i had more motivation i could supe mine up more such that it was functionally equivalent which i then get to derive happiness from accomplishment and not simple comparison .
individuals will always say this kind of thing but my suspicion is that the results would show that this is not how humanity as a whole actually behaves
cars stereotypically have been a status symbol of comparison which biases things .
what if we used cats instead which is a type of a wealth .
i do n't think people derive happiness from cats because theirs is better than other 's cats .
there are some that might perhaps those who then go into competitions or maybe this couple that i know who bought a pair of 1000 cats but i doubt the vast majority of people do .
i also do n't agree that this is necessarily human nature .
i think you 're right that this is likely a problem with the upper class and since they currently make decisions it is a problem .
but i do n't think it inherently must be a problem with switching societies
a some i personally believe most happiness is non comparative .
b we could still have comparative/competitive happiness derived from non-luxuries art/music/games/sport .
who cares if we lose happiness from comparative luxuries if we could simply compare in other ways like who 's the best drummer and such .
there is something wrong about crowding public roads with corporate robots driving in circles until someone needs them .
for some reason i feel better when at least someone is going somewhere even if it 's only a uber driver making a few bucks .
i actually buy league pass which unfortunately only 1 person can be logged into at a time or i 'd give you that .
but the average player will continue to become a better player the more time has passed and the more experienced they become .
this would be so much more satisfying at more than 2 fps
i just eat a hearty meal a couple hours before i roll or do stuff .
anyone have a count on how many times each team has apparently found themself '' either in the lead or down ?
i 'm glad skiles is benching oladipo and vooch .
i 'm glad frye is in ca n't believe i just said that
i would take 'receiver ' out of austin 's job description tbh
warmup lifting usually olympic but sometimes power then a wod .
i know saturday mornings they do long wods but who the fuck gets up on a saturday morning .
i know that they vary it over a month so you 're changing from low reps heavy weights to high rep light weights .
they also vary lifts to some kind of programme but i do n't know how they organise it by days .
like i might go tuesdays and thursdays and they will mention having programmed for the week .
i hope they do n't expect you to go every day .
the berlin one is similar but tend to do power lifting for the weights section .
except wednesdays seemed to be one long cardio wod/metcon .
the berlin one has oly lifting has a separate class and bristol has a separate lifting class as well .
the bristol gym seems tougher if i 'm honest mainly because the berlin one has a wider variety of coaches who i think are less experienced and they seem to select wods where you have a real beginner class and it 's real difficult stuff to scale .
i think dividing classes into three sections is common afaik .
it 's good but come to r/popheads to discuss it it does n't belong here at all
for whats its worth 7 bucks my first mech with cherry blue 's and it comes with a track ball ?
i could care less what it looks like im a guy that bases his purchases on functionality rather than appearance 9 times out of 10 .
as curiosity strikes me i do often look up things online although i 'm only on the first book i 've come across some things that seem like they are big spoilers and i was wondering if you could let me know if i 've ruined parts of the book .
so accidentally actually even before i began the books i was looking online at what books were in the series and came across the cover paragraph of urth of the new sun which mentions that s severian becomes the autarch of urth '' but i realized he subtly hints at this in the first chapter when he says that the scene in the graveyard was the beginning of his journey into the throne .
secondly i was curious about the claw and also came across something along the lines of saying s severians journey is to ultimately bring about the new sun i 'm assuming some re-igniting of the sun or political revolution/principle and to abolish torturing people '' which seems like a big spoiler .
would you say there is a tonne more to be discovered in the books and those are n't really big things ?
well in that case the ad worked because i wish i was that wicked awesome !
someone can correct me if i am wrong but i think that the use of altered likenesses of celebrities is sort of an open question right now .
i know that rihanna is currently suing people for this .
best status quo continues he does n't make anything worse
worst status quo continues he does n't make anything better
willam spent the entire game being upfront about breaking the rules .
she never once tried to hide the fact that she was breaking the rules and she 's said before she never played to win because she knew she would n't .
unfortunately it has been removed because it is not a direct link .
please feel free to re-submit using a direct link thanks .
if this is an imgur.com submission follow these instructions http i.imgur.com/rjrqakk.gif which will help you find the direct link to submit .
also if your link ends in ? 1 please remove that before submitting .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cringepics if you have any questions or concerns .
i have a glitch in zombies where i ca n't customize my weapons without all of them being the same attachments and camo because there is a glitch in prestige for zombies .
and now i ca n't finish a match in pvp without my fucking app closing on me .
it 's been over a week and you ca n't fix some petty ass launch bug ? ?
if there is anyone out there with the same problems as me mainly the second one than please feel free to vent your tits off .
i would like to draw everyone 's favorite puzzling skeleton papyrus .
does anybody have a good tutorial or instruction for drawing him ?
edit this http imgur.com/3tgcl1q is something i did for fun yesterday .
what data structure is a data frame under the hood in pandas ?
remark and the alternative princess '' line crystal gold/silver shodding !
just thought this would be cool to point out i was gon na post them all but the other three are already here .
edit it 's no longer thursday in my timezone !
edit^2 forgot to mention the identifying marks '' bit .
posted this as a comment yesterday but was asked to repost as a review here .
review of txture 's manfred boot in dark scratch '' .
txture asia http txture.asia is a very small indonesian shop making gwy rtw and mto derbies and boots .
their niche is producing a 150 service boot which makes for an interesting discussion/comparison with viberg .
checked out txture after seeing a post on gyw and they 've definitely exceeded my 150 expectations !
created a reddit and imgur account just to share a review with everyone .
txture asia has a website but does most of their communication through instagram/facebook/whatsapp .
i contacted txture through whatsapp and had great communication in excellent english .
i have an mto in production with sagara indonesia and i can say that txture was better to communicate with .
within 2 hours they helped me find a ready-to-wear model in stock i paid indonesian bank direct transfer and they confirmed that the shipped .
they said that this leather is a self-developed '' i.e .
i tried ed et al '' in singapore for a mto boot and their leather quality sucked .
this is the best leather i 've seen in the area at this price .
i 've looked pretty hard and i ca n't find any fault with these boots .
dainite sole looks a bit different from my other pairs older version ?
boot 's a bit stiff much more so than my carmina chromexel jumper but i 'm sure it will break in .
i immediately ordered another pair of boots from them a warhorse in redwine '' pull-up .
another plain-toe all they had in stock for my size .
overall i 'm sure the price and hassle will increase with international shipping .
and usually businesses like this are challenged to scale-up production if/when the demand increases .
i 'll post a review of the warhorse next week .
hello everyone i love all the homebrew here but noticed a trend of nobody including covers in homebrew pdfs so to make it simple here is a template tutorial .
the 5th edition books titles use a font called modesto bold condensed ... .i could not find it anywhere without paying for it so i made a clone font called nodesto caps condensed feel free to share it .
can anyone please explain how relative keys work when a minor is harmonic ?
for example is c major still the relative major of a harmonic minor even with that g ?
is the key signature actually changing or is the scale just altered but still based upon the natural minor ?
been arguing with someone over this all day and ca n't find any absolute answer online .
what is your favorite chorus sung by charlie scene ?
not necessarily the best song that his chorus is in but just your favorite chorus by him .
personally i think take me home is his best chorus .
i have 20 settlers 70 food 120 water and 50 defense .
my happiness is 70s and no one has ever attacked ... .
does anyone know if theres any real improvement between the newest generation davinci ascent vape and the prior one ?
the first gen is only 90 on ebay but the new one is almost double and over double at full price .
if theres no real difference other than design which i cant care less about then im gon na buy the older one ...
as a someone who might try and see ween for the first time do they usually play different setlists everynight ?
might be just my imagination but when i talk while using the steelseries h i 'm 90 sure i hear myself in the headset .
when i get slightly louder i hear a light buzz/echo .
i opened a ticket request 319083 but was wondering if anyone else had any input .
i 'd like to recommend every one give http movoda.net a go i 've been playing it 6 years now and still loving it .
not p2w at all unable to purchase anything in game with donations just unlocks things such as chat colors etc .
i 'm not sure i 'm ok with being fa or i 'm just getting used to it or what .
but some days i rejoice in it other days i hate myself because of it .
i 'm not entirely sure how to feel about it .
arashi is spending time getting the hang of his techniques again .
currently he 's messing around in some woods near a natural hot spring using the area around himself to practice things he should know but ca n't remember .
i followed the instructions to set up an anymotuino from here
however i ca n't figure out how to get it hooked up to the anymote android app .
the app simply searches for a compatible remote which it ca n't find .
what i do n't understand is how the app is supposed to find the anymotuino in the first place .
the sketch does not program the bluetooth chip and there is no manual programming of the bluetooth chip outlined in the guide .
thus the hc10 chip just broadcasts its default information .
does anyone know what i can do to finish setting this up ?
i tried contacting the folks who built it directly but i got no response .
let me know if i can provide any other information .
i 'm not just complaining i 'm honestly curious .
i keep seeing articles from back in july that say he was working on something new and planned on releasing something before halloween but he has n't said anything about it on twitter and his website does n't seem to work anymore .
does anyone know if he 's said anything about it somewhere and i 'm just not seeing it ?
sonar does not support download of subtitles and i cant find a package that works for this i have downloaded subliminal and added a folder to see if it get the subs but nothing .
is there any working solution to auto search for subs with a synology ?
i have kids and i dont have much gaming time .
soooo i just want a good and fun story in a rpg-universe .
i recently played undertale '' and i loved it !
it dont have to be a game similar to underworld but a good fun og exciting rpg game in a generic setting would be gold !
after the settlers turn on the alarm it stays on until i turn them off .
yesterday i powered the monitor off befere i went to work like i always do today i come back and power it on but there 's no led lights working .
when i reset the computer i can hear it post .
just purchased in june and no problems until now .
do i need to try to return it to asus ?
was reading the sli post here in the sub and was just wondering if wb or rs made a profit on this title ?
would be interested to know and see comparisons for other launches this year if available .
i have alot of water runoff into my property .
is it a good idea to build dams to harvest this runoff ?
it gets extremely hot here in summer and very dry .
i want to build surface dams to catch runoff and use the water for irrigation in dry seasons and also home use .
he 's been playing lights out for the past two weeks and will likely be a dpotw nominee again .
my brand spankin ' new razer mamba te stops working every 5 minutes or so .
to make it work again i have to unplug it and plug it back in .
sometimes it can only go 30 seconds before i need to do the procedure .
i recently used a night vision scope and the green tint stayed .
i have tried a few things but nothing has worked to fix it .
he was just let go from es-es i think he would do perfect as a backup player as he is just like webo but a running webo .
he has scored a lot of goals in turkey in 9 matches for es-es he scored 5 times .
i think he is a definite must have player to fill the void that was created after webo 's departure .
i am about to receive a large retention bonus 50k and expect to pocket about 35k after taxes .
my wife and i have about 60k in student loans but currently are paying well more than the minimum payments .
there are multiple condos around our house selling for around 100k for two bed/bath units .
in my area those units could be rented for around 1500-2300 .
if i put 20k down the mortgage would be around 600 .
thus a profit margin of 900-1700 per month ... would it be wise or should i just payoff debt ?
edit after reading all responses and speaking with some people personally i will be paying off debt ...
although being young the risk involved in the rental is outside my risk matrix currently .
i want to be able to use multiple companions but when i dismiss curie to go to one of my settlements regardless of where i am she runs all the way to vault 81 .
even though it counts her as being a settler she heads to vault 81 .
is she meant to stand outside the doorway there ?
i had to revert to an older save because she was missing not even outside the vault .
but the idea that i would have to buy the games again does n't float my boat .
maybe i do n't remember any titles that i should be happy to buy again .
right now i have a cleansing the commonwealth quest at medford i killed all the super mutants but the last two .
is there a way around the locked master door ?
howdy everyone i 'm creating an edit and need some clips .
if anyone wants a clip to be in a video just send them in alternatively do n't feel obliged .
as a kid my granny used to buy me a box of chocolate .
they were small rectangles of chocolate probably 2cm by 1cm in size .
i 'm fairly sure they were made by bournville but we ca n't remember the name .
has anybody got any ideas what they could be .
they 've definitely been discontinued but for nostalgia i need to know the answer .
hey guys was just wondering what are some good gloves that could be worth having a look at for my season coming up ?
also i have a slight problem it 's weird and might not make any sense at all but with the gloves i have now when i catch a ball/hold it i never really feel like i have control of it properly .
i feel like it 's just always gon na slip out it just never really feels like it sits in my hands properly .
hope this makes sense at all and someone might have some idea what i 'm talking about and give me some idea why it feels this way .
the vaccination program of the ifa is extraordinarily successful defeating millions of infant deaths and preventing others from succumbing to disease .
however the people need to be protected to the greatest degree .
for this reason the ifa will be developing a small tracking device that can be inserted into a citizen intravenously or into a hard to reach place .
the device is to be masked as an injection that will improve the restoration and purity of blood similar to the improved seaf hemoglobin .
the tomasz frio science center https www.reddit.com/r/worldpowers/comments/3g6ay9/event_angolan_advancements_in_medicine_and_science will be undertaking devlopment creating a small nodule that is resistant to emps and can be directly tracked by the heart of darkness .
this will help the people to be accounted for and it will be in place to enforce the travel restrictions that the ifa currently has in place .
the party works for the people and though some people may object this is necessary .
every citizen will be receiving an injection as part of a new 2049 vaccination package .
i just have like no clue what to do i only had trich on my beard '' and kinda accepted it ... but since today im starting to play with my eyebrows and i already pulled out like 6 today i dont want to lose my eyebrows i need this to stop im getting realy sad
this is an automatic summary original http www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/paris-attack-eighth-attacker-salah-abdeslam-could-also-be-on-the-run-from-isis-amid-fears-the-group-a6740781.html reduced by 77 .
the architect of the paris attacks abdelhamid abaaoud is confirmed dead .
attention now shifts to the suspected terrorist who has been on the run since the night of the killings and is the most-wanted man in europe salah abdeslam .
investigators believe that abdeslam the quot eighth attacker quot in the paris massacres may also be on the run from isis .
investigators have established that abdeslam previously known mostly as a small-time brussels criminal wandered the paris area for seven hours on friday night and in the early hours of saturday before fleeing to belgium .
abdeslam is known from cctv images to have been the driver of a black seat which carried one of the three gangs of terrorists who struck on in paris on 13 november .
after dropping his brother just before his self-inflicted death abdeslam and an unidentified quot ninth quot attacker drove east to the hard-scrabble suburb of montreuil just outside the city boundary .
in its first statement claiming responsibility for the paris outrages on 14 november isis said that there had also been attacks in the 18th arrondissement .
summary source http smmry.com/http www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/paris-attack-eighth-attacker-salah-abdeslam-could-also-be-on-the-run-from-isis-amid-fears-the-group-a6740781.html faq http www.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot version 1.6 12476 summaries so far . ''
theory http www.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31bfht/theory_autotldr_concept feedback http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 23autotldr pms and comment replies are read by the bot admin constructive feedback is welcome . ''
top five keywords abdeslam 1 attacks 2 paris 3 friend 4 november 5
notice this thread is for discussing the submission topic only .
do not discuss the concept of the autotldr http www.reddit.com/user/autotldr bot here .
i handed my resignation on wednesday because well they told me several times i was n't doing the job like i should .
the rest of team does n't really like me either and it 's difficult to continue this way .
the job is also not at all what was advertised during the recruitment process and i feel so bad about this all .
i 'm crying most mornings when i have to get there and i should be working full time this week-end .
i 'm not sure im going to survive this .
i 'm actually having suicidal thoughts about this and i was on the verge to go back to mom 's in france .
what is the worse that could happen if i simply do n't show up for the rest of my notice period ?
can i place the newly formed golden frieza on a team with his other strength form despairs onslaught ?
they can not be on the same team undokkaned but the other way around may work
this is an automatic summary original http www.straitstimes.com/singapore/courts-crime/city-harvest-trial-kong-hee-and-church-leaders-back-in-court-on-friday-for reduced by 88 .
singapore city harvest church founder kong hee 51 was sentenced to eight years 039 jail on friday .
all six accused had been found guilty on oct 21 of misappropriating 24 million in church funds funnelling them into bogus investments that funded the singing career of kong 039 s wife ms ho yeow sun .
quot after the sentencing the church 039 s senior leadership issued a statement on their website and on facebook thanking the congregation for their support quot we want to thank each and every one of you our church members for demonstrating such strength and unity throughout all these years and particularly in these last few extremely difficult months .
said mr lew 37 quot of course we are disappointed by the verdict but we do respect the decision of the state courts .
but in my trust in the church leaders because i believe in what god is doing in our church . ''
the session began at 9.45am in a packed courtroom with lawyers for each of the six church leaders taking turns to submit their clients 039 final oral arguments .
mr tong said kong had shared with the church about the crossover project and its members expressed support .
summary source http smmry.com/http www.straitstimes.com/singapore/courts-crime/city-harvest-trial-kong-hee-and-church-leaders-back-in-court-on-friday-for faq http www.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot version 1.6 12475 summaries so far . ''
theory http www.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31bfht/theory_autotldr_concept feedback http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 23autotldr pms and comment replies are read by the bot admin constructive feedback is welcome . ''
top five keywords church 1 kong 2 wee 3 leader 4 tan 5
notice this thread is for discussing the submission topic only .
do not discuss the concept of the autotldr http www.reddit.com/user/autotldr bot here .
hating the dark shadows and muddy textures during gameplay and cutscenes on me3 origin .
looking for some codes to copy and paste into notepad in the gamersettings ini file to tweak the game into looking more realistic sharper and generally awesome as it should be !
laptop specs are windows 10 i5 cpu 8gb ram 1366x768 res integrated intel® hd graphics 4400 .
we 're planning our first community alpha play-together event this saturday 1pm pacific time .
if you 're on the mailing list at zems.com http zems.com you 'll get an email reminder about it .
do n't wan na give anything away but goddamn that was weird .
i will say however be careful bringing power armor because you may lose it .
do n't get me wrong reddit as a whole is awesome it 's just that reading about other people 's stories and opinions of this addictive drug of a game is enjoyable .
i went from having only purple links in about 4 different subreddits to now only fo4 and gaming .
random people i do n't care so much about .
i will help random people any day and feel really satisfied .
but when the only thing your friend ever talks to you for is asking you for advice ...
character 's backstory he is an elegant and majestic kind paladin with shoulder length hair and fair skin .
here is his full backstory and soundtrack https www.rpgcrossing.com/showthread.php ? p=6858198 post6858198
i bought an avenger stalker long ago for its big tr4 engine and front tr3 gun mount and its history as a carrier-based fighter what did the military ever do with that cargo hold on a fighter ? ?
however i 'm looking at whether i should consider other ships .
my priority is being able to choose to engage and disengage as i see fit high top speed as the number one priority with the number 2 priority being single-pass front mounted firepower .
i 'm wondering specifically if i should be looking at the sabre because it seems both faster and better armed than the avenger so strictly better in a fight .
i 'm fine being outgunned but being caught out-run by something that outguns me worries me .
which ship one-man fighter outguns everything it ca n't outrun ?
i mean would it be incorrect to say calculus theory ?
what is it that makes calculus not a theory while other things get to be called theories .
what are the things necessary for a new theory ?
the only thing i want to change is the ram i would love some crucial tactical tracer green/red but it is n't available at the shop i wanted to order at .
so i think about getting a second 8gig stick later and wanted to know if it will be compatible white what i currently in my list .
also the keyboard seems to be out of stock all around germany and therefore i might have to build without it and i just have a wireless keyboard in my house so i wanted to know if you could do the setup in bios with a wireless keyboard .
my last question is if there is a good info reddit post on getting a cheap and legit windows copy and possible get it to 10 without a problem .
tell me if everything is alright my most concern is on the psu right now .
im new to reddit so i 'm sorry if this has already been brought up .
anyways what do you guys think about the next installment beeing a prequel ?
it could have rachel amer as the main caracter and tell us the story of chloe 's five years without max .
we could see how chloe and frank got to know each other nathan killing rachel and so on .
if anyone watched the british series skins you know that changing the cast entirely is a bad idea .
people had a har time connecting with the new caracters .
i remember playing dual randoms with a group of 8 free for all being crazy fun because you could hit the jackpot with a sword and rockets i know it 's a small request but one that could have add a ton of fun to the game .
and how pumped are you to watch the fins go up against the cowboys ?
i live in their terrritory and some shit-talk has already started .
this is a weekend i look forward to for years and i 'm happy it 's happening .
hey guys i am currently trying to configure redis with wordpress from this article https www.rosehosting.com/blog/install-and-run-wordpress-cached-with-redis-on-linux-vps
the thing that bugs me most is whether redis is the right mechanism for my wordpress site .
i think that memcached is used for databases but how it will help for small websites such as mine ?
what dungeon is it to get his second record materia ?
active now through sunday november 22nd 2015 11:59 pm pst
i want to listen to soundtracks of games i have n't played but up until now i 've managed to avoid that .
do you think the ost or the game if and when i play it will be ruined ?
i recently just received an offer for 65k for a job based out of stamford ct .
i plan on taking the offer but i would like to see if i can negotiate for more pay ...
its an entry level position i have other offers from other larger firms but nothing related to this specific career path ... .
so i feel like i ca n't hold my other offers over the employers head ...
the offer also comes with a 5k signing bonus and a 5k relocation stipend .
i 'm from upstate new york where the cost of living is significantly lower then stamford ...
do i have any leverage or not really seeing as its an entry level position ?
might be nice to beat the rush and have the pick of the litter .
dreamyproject has a mirror for the ryuseitai song which works in the us .
and here are some nico links to the videos .
these seem to work in the usa without a proxy
we walk a path we can be proud of .
we 'll become the brightest stars in the galaxy .
thanks for fixing my line and group name kazugami if you come to the reddit d
the memory i have of making a wish on a star 流れ星に 願いをかける想いを
with the courage i imagined when i was little .
the catch phrase i 'll say when i deliver the final blow 必殺の決め台詞は
suppose i have a flat plane angled at 59 degrees and 21 feet long .
i have 1 square foot of water with 1/48 inch thickness .
if this water starts at the top of the angle and flows downward how long would it take for this water to reach the bottom ?
if possible could someone share the equations involved with calculating this ?
i 've browsed and found all kinds of things but am having difficulty making sense of it .
i 'm opting for air cooling over water cooling and the best is apparently the noctua nh-u14s my question is if it will fit in either one of these cases preferably the s340 .
sorry i 'm 100 sure this comes up every year .
i 'm somewhat surprised it has n't offended too many people yet .
edit i personally do n't find it offensive just curiously asking .
description sit idly while a moving platform moves mario around while a slope is elsewhere on screen .
description get killed by an offscreen thwermp but while near a slope .
i thought the announcement was that the english episodes will start being released today yet nothing on hulu .
if you want an access roll-up cover http www.accesscover.com for a deal here 's your chance .
from midnight wednesday november 25 until 11:59 p.m. on tuesday december 1 2015 all our tonneau covers will be 25 off in our online store .
if you make an order of 300 or more in our online store type reddit in the promo code box at checkout and we 'll give you a little something extra with your order .
seriously not only have the protagonists gotten younger and younger but the fact that they are implied to be of schoolchildren age makes me ...
it 's no dealbreaker but it is somewhat unsettling .
also what 's up with this cool/cute prompt they ask ?
is the most up to date one that i have found but it has several mistakes in it i was wondering if anyone was one that is current
i 'm considering buying the farstar and sundered heart cr90s from mels miniatures on shapeways but i need to find somewhere to get the base command dials and assorted tokens .
i have n't found anything yet i have tried ebay already .
or will i end up buying the ship from ffg and just using the printed mini ?
i 'm thinking of maybe putting the asus 27 '' on an ergotron but i think it wo n't make much difference since the amp is taking up this huge space .
it sounds pretty good so i do n't really want to spend money for smaller/crappier speakers .
any furniture hacks to help free up some desk space or make it look neater ?
i 'm a good student with research experience hoping to get into a top school .
i 'm interested in both discrete math and theoretical cs .
these disciplines are pretty connected but they 're in different departments in grad school .
i 'm worried about going to a math department and then wanting to do theoretical cs instead or vice versa .
also do you know any good schools where i can do discrete math and cs theory in the same grad program ?
i 'm already in the middle of applying to both the math and cs departments in a bunch of schools so do n't worry i 'm not totally procrastinating .
the history '' of sold/bought items is a bit bugged where it shows the area of the g.e .
if you are to sell/buy in the med/high g.e it will appear in the history of your g.e transactions the area '' will always be show as it was you placed them in low g.e
i 'm mainly talking about smart phones and using jailbreaking on iphones and things like cyanogenmod on android .
should n't it be possible to plug the leaks on our own devices ?
also why does n't everyone realize how bad of an idea this is yet ?
i was hoping you could make a post regarding this kicstarter project started by the alberta aviation museum .
you can read about it on their kickstarter page .
they could really use the support as the campaign is starting to slow down and they are way below their target goal .
ca n't get back in and was wondering if there was anyone else .
edit im able to get to the character selection screen but once there i cant get into the game .
edi2 apparently it is server lag according to the character selection screen
i 'd like to match through hyper headers and perform tasks based on the type of the header ie server transferencoding etc .
i 'd rather not match against a string and match against the type itself since the compiler will catch my mistakes this way .
ca n't figure out how to go about doing this if it 's possible .
if i put black backgrounds on some of my apps like reddit will i save battery because of the screen ?
is that in fo3 we were exposed to dr zimmer who was searching for a synth in the capital wasteland and told the vault dweller that he was from the institute .
before fo4 was even close to announced people had already speculated about the next game being near the institute .
so i ask this have any of you done any quests or talked to any npcs that might have lead you to speculate where there would be other areas in the future that could be set for a game ?
i always thought it 'd be insane to have new york as a playable area but then again i 'd suspect it was blown to bits in the nuclear war .
do any npcs mention other places in the fo universe ?
the pages for the new monsters from 1.8.1 patch are up in the wiki .
you can either edit the page or post the info here or on the monster page .
the other day i came across a hankbuck on my boyfriend 's desk and asked him why he still had it .
it turns out he did n't get the memo back in 2013 that you could turn those puppies in for a sweet hankbuck towel .
he 's a huge fan of the show and also a nerd collector extraordinaire .
he expressed his sadness for not getting a towel when he had the chance .
so i 'm reaching out to the internet ... does anyone have a hankbuck towel they would be willing to part with with compensation of course so i can make this man 's christmas one filled with mind blowing venture brothers joy ?
is there any training custom map or sandbox mode for lotv ?
would be pretty helpful to test new unit comps etc..
i got a letter from the police saying that my application for 1x .357 magnum revolver 1x 22lr semi pistol and 1x rr m1911a1 .45acp is approved .
now i just need to wait for my papers in the mail and then i will go and finaly pick up my rr m1911a1 .
the application is available for a year and i have not found or have the for the 357 or 22 yet .
i joined my local pistol club in april and i live in norway .
sorry for any spelling mistakes grammer error or hard to understand sentenses as im not a native english speaker .
i loved the gamecube version and i played it only standard mode without all the powerups and specials .
i really like this one with beautiful graphics by just turning off all the power shots and playing a fun tennis game since i 'm a fan of tennis games and no new tennis games are in sight besides of this one .
they 're trying to control everything they want to conquer the world how can we defeat this monsters ?
the site said that we should have our rewards by the 11th but i have nothing .
i linked my accounts met the requirements for the rewards all 3 .
everything i know about engines say they get hotter until the thermostat opens up .
new 'stat boiled to check new intake and 4-barrel carb recently rebuilt heads no vacuum leaks good levels .
40 outside this morning so i let her idle for 10 minutes high idle still got ta work on that probably around 1200 hopped in gauge still at the first hash mark of cold started her down the street with a little bit of hesitation on shifting but it smoothed out as i got around the corner .
idle at a light a few blocks away then 70mph highway for 10 minutes .
offramp and another 5-10 minutes of street driving to get to work .
parked popped the hood faint radiator fluid smell there 's bee a couple small leaks with the weather change i think .
all from the top of the housing levels still good and i can put my hand on the radiator for a few seconds before having to take it off .
edit disregard i guess she warmed up fine when i went out for lunch i guess she just likes the cold about as much as my first wife
mechanical water pump fluids good new gaskets all around new thermostat no noticable leaks anywhere ... not heating up the way it should .
so i 've been on nucynta for over five years .
and recently nucynta er 250mg has n't been helping me so my rheumatologist decided for me to try butran .
after it being rejected twice from my insurance company my doc chose to drop me and is sending to another doctor .
which brings me to my current problem my doctor refuses to write me a prescription for nucynta saying that since he 's referring me to another doctor it 's not his issue .
i am at a loss of what to do .
it could be months before i see another doctor .
i 've called my family doctor i 'm not super hopeful .
something like this happened maybe a year ago and she could n't .
it 's been a few days now i have n't slept .
i keep waking up to my body 's uncontrollable jolting and sweating the clamminess and the all pain is n't helping .
i 'm still on vicodin but it does n't seem to stop my pain nor my symptoms .
is this legal for a doctor to stop me cold turkey ?
for days i 've been searching for a good mail service that i can use so i can finally delete my gmail account .
it needs to be up 24/7 i can not loose any email since i am using this email for personal use university stuff work related .
i really need to be able to check my mail whenever i can
whiteout i am not sure about this is it worth it ?
mailbox.org i kinda liked it however i had lots of problem setting up a custom domain on namecheap has anyone managed to get this working ?
i always got the securitykey verification wrong i did set up the dns txt to their host the secret key apparently they could n't verify it
with 1 billion citizens 80 member countries around the world representing over a third of u.n members and 20 of the world 's commercial exchanges the organisation internationale de la francophonie oif is one of the largest political economical and cultural organisations along with the u.n the e.u and the commonwealth of nations .
francophonie is also on reddit by the name r/francophonie anyone 's welcome to take advantage of the resources of one of the biggest french-speaking organisations .
i could never see my self stop playing games .
buy the dlc and optimize your play to the point where you understand what each card contributes to your deck and have a good idea of what your synergies are .
sure here 's a pic of the whole wall .
i took a look it appears the studs themselves have twisted over time .
the top plate is mostly flush while the bottoms of most studs are twisted towards the right .
and it turns out that basically none of that happened .
the washington times is a conservative shitrag founded by an actual cult leader .
for all their size they are usually total sweet hearts .
i 'm just gon na binge them all in one night while inhaling 3 large pizzas and 4 bottles of mountain dew like a normal person
but the savings in maintenance effort will far outweigh the one-time conversion in the medium/long run .
not to mention in dollars the costs for a proper iaas sql server setup can reach into the thousands easily when you consider licensing and properly configured redundancy with multiple vms .
setting up an alwayson cluster in the cloud from scratch is no cake-walk .
i 'd take point and click provisioning over that any day .
they also dropped the requirement that all tables have a pk .
the backups and local replicas are transparent automatic and included in the cost of sql azure .
speaking as someone with experience in both i certainly have a preference
wow tried raid finder and ate something like 7mil subs do n't think ffxiv has that many subs to spare
i actually liked fallon better in his later time slot .
they were able to go a little bit more off script and be slightly more edgy .
the shorts were way better for whatever reason too .
he 's not saying its an excuse '' to throw rocks but it probably was the reason '' for throwing rocks .
i hate to pile on because we 're all advocating the same thing but there were also emails in which she asked dor to explain the regulation-setting process to her .
you should be knowledgeable about state law directly affecting your cause and even if you do n't know the process never admit your ignorance of it .
you can but you can never be a full-time student and compete for a national championship at the same time after you senior year .
speaking as a gamer the game is fun but it 's really not worth getting as upset about as a lot of people are .
i was super excited for the game when it was announced and over the past year but now that i 've gotten to play it i 've come to realise it it just a game it 's not going to change your life .
you still get all the usual shit you see in multiplayer games ragers assholes tryhards bad players unfair heroes troll comps imbalanced matches .
people talk about the game like it 's crucial to their very existence but it is literally just a cute first person shooter that is only available to a select number of people .
i honestly think that 's why most people are so upset it 's not about the game it 's the thought of others having something they do n't that they ca n't stand .
i do n't remember who was 3 or 4 star
when will these kind of casuals let this issue go ?
seriously not even hardcore players made that big of a deal about it .
seems like some people are using this as an excuse to funnel their anti meta rage .
i can handle people yelling at me without fear .
like it hampers my life i 'm scared of so many things .
why does it make any difference where he is ?
it 's not like he was n't carrying and then thought 'oshit goin to the tire store better strap up '
guy clearly carries legally and on a regular basis .
weird to read something so serious in the style of cracked
vodka and diet dr pepper or gin and lime .
or shots of kessler when poor jameson when rich '' .
ps just had to ask hubby the name of kessler bc forgot bc blackouts .
he says that may mean we should stop drinking it ha
yes you should do that if you 're choosing yeldon over stevie
in school i was a liberal arts major ceramics .
i am white and i understand that being white comes with many privileges yes even though i grew up without a lot of money .
hell i know of a few companies that have gone all-cloud with big data .
not quite the same thing but they utilize cloud servers to do big bioinformatics data transmission and data analysis for their clients .
but a wall of big-screen high def monitors keeping tabs on the cloud server statuses client data analytics runs transfers results files etc .
i 've long been a skeptic of cloud-based services for critical business data but seeing this operation has caused me to re-evaluate my assumptions .
i find it ridiculous that i would have an attorney who just gives up on me .
it 's always write me another check ... write me another check ... hurry up and write me another check ... '' after every court hearing .
i said the same thing to blade and soul twitter what 's the deal putting all 3 servers for a heavy-ping-reliant game all in one spot which gives an unfair advantage in this case all dallas tx players get under 10 ping .
spread the servers out do n't give us the cost bullshit get this done .
bns is very ping reliant this only makes sense .
brown took a run at him yandle gives him two seconds of payback big deal .
nme have been super supportive of myself and the new roster i was bringing for the fall split .
they supported us despite the fall of the lol team and provided for us even on a personal level concerning my education as an example .
they are truly a great org and definitely care .
plus you 'll never see them tweeting about our lan after we 've already played and lost kappaross ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°
there is a fine line between upholding our principles and stupidly ignoring the reality of a clear threat and unnecessary risk to our national security .
http thehill.com/blogs/pundits-blog/immigration/255237-anti-immigrant-activists-more-prone-to-terrorism-than-refugees you believe refugees are n't subject to background checks do n't you ?
i was just pointing out that bombings will never make the problem of terrorist groups go away .
in fact the use of drones or whatnot probably intensifies the problem even more .
no i thought you meant your back felt better in general in positioning etc .
it looks like the ribbon cable to the screen has gotten loose on one side can happen from dropping it on the wiiu it is normal clip on rather than glued on so it is fixbal for sombody with experiance .
i would not do it sending it to nintendo is the best idea .
there is a picture of the screen the ribbon cable that might loose https d3nevzfk7ii3be.cloudfront.net/igi/6ppn1aeyevky2ypy
chess is better played with simple and distinctive board and pieces .
c00 we 've all got the same hairstyles 'cos we all wanted to be the same !
a23 and as for the cutie marks starlight can we show them the vault ?
more of an internal impression backed up by the pattern of scriptures i 've happened to notice this week .
just curious how many of you are there doing t1 support for 50,000 ?
i just put in 99 coins with 0 that 's fucking unlucky man .
never said it to him he 's never said it to me .
man i 've been trying to get my ness to do this forever .
why use the cycler rifle then if you do n't like it ?
i personally prefer the skirted style as its a bit sleeker .
pick the style you like because toto by far has the best flush in the industry ... there 's no comparison in my opinion .
why is hawksaw being listed with ntte and red death wrt rof and not juju ?
i 've had my z3v for about a year now and have had no issues knock on wood .
unfortunately i do n't know anyone else who owns an xperia so i can only speak from my experience .
it 's absolutely amazing how selective people 's memory can be sometimes
yeah i 'm trying to see what i can do .
i 'm trying to go through my bank because a lot of those scratches have to be looked at by perfect light .
just as they 're making the first incision during an autopsy .
i do n't do anything for my arms other than full body weight pullups and pushups .
my arms are cut like like you would n't believe .
i think the one thing standing between me and total nirvana is if plur police or parliament funk had a different second drop .
and the shitty thing is they did n't win any trophies .
i swear in some places the corpses never leave .
just laying there staring unable to ever change frozen in time .
silla gives ap but guin gives crit damage which i believe scales harder assuming you can crit .
i 'm just saying that you would need those players to replicate the superbuff william the calculations were done with .
otherwise you lose out on either crit crit damage or penetration and start losing damage .
forms need to be practiced with intent/mind to correctly understand the movements .
the better your forms are the better your sparring will be as long as you have cultivated a relaxed mind in a state of fighting .
yes your form is to teach you about body mechanics .
i think i just have a problem with this being in the form no matter the order .
there are better ways to strengthen your wrist and snappiness in punching .
i never said that i thought wing chun was all about relaxation all of the principles work together .
i personally am not arguing that everything is always relaxed .
until it gets on the roomba 's wheels and gets tracked to carpet .
i second everything you said acken but is n't hard to go wide with freedom ?
normally the most tourism ai goes for order and going wide you ca n't mantain happiness with the unhappiness of ideology pressure .
with 4 wellplaced cities rationalism tree and statue of liberty freedom wrecks games .
and also you ca n't forget the 10 buff from science with hapiness in rationalism .
anyway vanilla deity science games generally are won when you grab an ideology so it does n't really matter if order or freedom both will provide the needed boost to just maintain progress till labs gs pop .
i can see a scenario with intensive micromanagement that a player can achieve a wide freedom with ideology pressure mantaining happiness and working the best specialists it could grab an earlier science win if u wan na beat a record .
maybe i 'm overreacting to the happiness factor but i 've never tried more than 5 cities with korea and i learned to play china domination from your videos i 'm a great fan by the way so i can be talking some crap but i do n't like too much the happiness generator from freedom besides the specialist one stock markets and banks are n't effective in small cities and take waaay to much time .
some lady called the cops on a sikh student in new zealand today because he was playing with wires in his bag his headphones
yea there is ..its your fucking net dont ask stupid question
israel does n't block no sites and no communication apps but still caught and foiled dozens of suicide bombers and terrorists trying to commit terror acts before they are done .
shabac and mossad have tentacles everywhere especially in organziations that mastermind attacks .
i 've been very very stressed/depressed as of late .
i 've been tracking my food and started exercising to try and help with weight-loss/mood.. and i weigh in today up a pound ca n't say that helps
also she did n't have a password/code for her phone .
all of the meticulous planning the elaborate setup and the hours upon hours of preparation for a dick joke ?
you sir are the real hero of the wasteland .
they cut out my man eatin the booty on the top right smh
yeah when you actually read what he says in context and include the laughs at the end it really gives it a very different feel than the headline .
but you are limited to victims of certain skin tones and you may need to set that person up first for everything to go right
instead of dark woods you can now see only tree stumps spread across the mountain .
people from the cainenii mari village had the right to cut down 5000 cubic meters of wood per year but the company in charge of logging has instead cut down 7x 35000 cubic meters of wood .
pitesti dna anti-corruption agency is preparing 4 prosecution files .
during a routine control this year in arges county the ministry of environment and water noticed that 900 hectares of forest have disappeared from a protected area cut down during the last few years .
please tell me u cleaned ur hands before typing this ...
nth post about north america starts ... along with sweet '' nile start .
i hope ht has it when they open up at 10 lol
this will only lead to isil being invited in to the un .
do i understand correctly that you want to game at 4k with steady 60fps ?
if so then i think the 980 ti wo n't be able to to that .
it can certainly do a good job at 4k but not steady 60fps on demanding games with ultra graphics .
i had two of these assholes yesterday in london .
they knocked on my door in the early afternoon while my son was napping and i was doing work .
they were dressed in workboots and wearing orange safety vests and had little id cards that said ontario home assessment ltd. '' and they said they were from the government .
by a water heater scam a few years ago so i know better and so i told them.no thank you .
then they got aggressive he started talking and again i said no thanks not letting you in to look at my pipes '' because he was saying something about how we still have lead pipes we dont !
we renovated last year and our pipes we replaced along with a new output to the sewer anyway my wife came down with our son and she pulled me back inside and the guy started yelling at us for poisoning our child .
to be honest i think a break from both of them might be the best thing for everyone in this situation .
for you i think it 's important because you have a right to feel safe and you have a duty to your child to protect them you do not have that duty to your mother .
this guy sounds like he 's used to getting what he wants and so i doubt protesting his presence is going to be effective unless you bring in some major consequences like the police .
to avoid that you 'd be better asking for some space for a while from both of them and maintaining that space even when they try and push that boundary do n't let them in if they show up at your door do n't have long conversations with your mum on the phone just have a time out from the relationship .
this guy sounds like an absolute fuckwit and she sounds like she 's not yet found a good enough reason to leave him .
this is an opportunity for you to help her because if the absence of both her daughter and grandchild is painful enough she 'll leave this deadbeat to have you in her life again .
whether that pans out or not it 's a possibility and may help her quite a lot .
the problem with your analogy is that mobas and fps 's are n't in niche markets while the full-loot open world mmorpg genre is .
contrary to what you say regarding new players i 'd argue it would be foolish to expect many new players to play these games .
dfuw is much more new-player friendly and streamlined and would be the default choice for new players unless you drastically simplified the game and made a major graphical overhaul which none of your current supporters want .
another point to make is that even if you managed to market the game enough to get a fresh player-base the majority of the pop would still be veterans who would make the beginner-experience very hostile/defeating .
i 'm not suggesting that you should create the game together but rather that you publish both games together in one product .
i 've seen him make some amazing predictions about injuries minutes after they happened .
just based on video 5 min after he went down against the rams this guy predicted big ben out 4-6 and the precise grade of mcl sprain .
not saying he 's not wrong sometimes but that blew me away when a lot of people thought ben was done for the year .
i just took out all 4 of them in one meeting with the dentist .
feels so good to never worry about those fuckers again .
yeah we would n't want sniper rifles to require any bit of aiming skill would we ...
mushrooms of various kinds are far more readily avaliable sunflower oil is the go-to vegetable oil corn is much more rare can only buy canned corn corn meal for porridge and whole raw cobs no tortillas no bags of kernels almost no corn bread peanut butter is non-existent .
as far as trail mix ingredients go there 's dried fruit raisins and apricots peanuts walnuts other similar food includes pumpkin seeds and sunflower seeds .
i was n't able to replace potato chips with trail mix even though i eat quite a lot of trail mix perfect for mountaineering
i was just wondering as yaya scored 5 free kicks in the 13/14 league season but he 's not here .
it really depends on how many states you 're looking at .
if there 's only a handful of combinations the seven inputs might take then a bunch of if-else statements makes sense .
if you 're looking to work with the full 2^7 possible input states you need something more sophisticated .
in general you want to keep your loop as simple as possible .
it 's easier to reason about a few function calls than several hundred lines of logic just stuffed into one place .
you 'll want some delay before the loop runs again .
bitset https www.arduino.cc/en/reference/bitset is part of the arduino library .
the idea there is to pack in 7 true/false boolean values into a single eight-bit byte .
there are far more elegant ways to do this but that 's for you to explore .
switch statements are a fantastically useful language feature that are n't particularly difficult to understand .
far better than a massive chain of if-else statements .
it seems like there is no police encounter that could be rule prejudice free in your mind so why is it significant that we can not rule this one to be free of prejudice ?
to the standards you have set out that would n't differentiate it from any other interactions police officers have with black people .
it 's interlectualy dishonest to write off all religions ideologies as equvelant in this way .
to take the extreme examples jainism and the aztec religion .
one is so pacifist they literally wo n't hurt flies .
i come from a sikh family and my mother thinks it 's ridiculous that someone would go to prison for ripping a book !
on condition that i no longer have to get that certification .
yeah but the west coast brotherhood is a little lacking nowadays east steel best steel .
the boost is worth it just for skipping outland imo .
just start with not playing for a day then play for like 2-3 hours the next day to see how it feels .
also try going to the gym or just take a walk before u start playing so you feel refreshed helped me to get out of a slump at least when i used to game allday everyday
turks do not wear anything on their heads i 've been there
game is way too easy even with no power armour buffs and my main weapon only doing 162 damage .
might be easier to get the aeg variant and hpa it depending what you want from it .
amager fælled is also very big in this picture .
shit i 'd burn the bank to the ground if they refused to give me back the overdraft fees .
that motherboard would n't allow you to get the best overclock .
walking them is always an interesting experience even with the fact they are reasonably well trained .
that is i use a check chain and they know what it means when they pull too hard .
however my female is smart she will slowly pull so the check does n't work and then oull very strongly .
the result is almost the same i get nearly pulled over and then we stop until she stops doing it .
what type of price range is your buddy thinking .
let 's be honest truly tense and violent situations tend to be way outside the normal experiences of most people .
people freeze up even though the probably know they should or truly want to help .
even worse most people have zero training on how to diffuse tense situations .
i 've witnessed some pretty nasty shit said to ethnic chinese in vancouver over the years .
even a highly liberal '' city has a lot of bigots .
its the team they played for in season 5 not season 6
immigration into this country is n't easy it can take several years .
while many people perceive the system as lax and easy they are very misinformed or lacking in knowledge of the actual process immigrants go through .
you will need to find more credible sources than reddit and google i suggest using your school 's library to access scholarly resources as there are quite a lot of journals on immigration law .
yeah and people think grrm gives the starks a hard time .
the sons of feanor and of hurin had it worse .
a slideshow of the manufacturer 's website 's images and spec sheets is n't a review .
is there any way to get people killed by this glitch reimbursed ?
if no one supports them yes they will be killed .
but if the solo miners convince people that what they are doing is important for bitcoin .
they will have a advantage over the rest of the industry .
if you do n't have a gamepad connected go into coop and hit back then coop starts and you control both with keyboard mouse
dude 's a trumpet player he can take it .
they 're like the cum squirrels of the wind instrument world .
rush yomuu botrk is a total waste on zed now .
after yomuu you can get hydra death 's dance maw ...
i 'm not really worried about resources since i 'm barely down 3k fuel so far from my starting point of 91k but i 've already spent something like seventy buckets and that bitch of a boss never fails to chuuha at least three girls per run seriously fuck her worst abyssal .
i 'm actually tempted to run route support as well as boss just because i have ammo to burn .
what might kill me is my terrible destroyer fleet until last month i had no kai ni destroyers ... at all .
now i have yuudachi/shigure but it 's still not an amazing selection .
this is what i get for levelling my starter dd/not taking advantage of 1-5 while it was still easy mode ...
gyro lost all of the 4 games i 've seen him and teams still pick .
i meant that everyone says there 's only one male blogger on reddit but no one mentions me
i know why because its the truth they dont help make stupid jokes they think global is so good there is more hackers in global they thing they are the best
michael jackson do n't stop 'til you get enough https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=yurrmwtbtbo
i 've seen last shift the visit harbinger down extinction and it follows so far .
harbinger down was terrible and the visit could of been way better .
saw the wine and i was like waiiittt a minute is this what i think it is ?
the man has been playing out of his mind !
i could continue with more bosses or npcs but almost all of them are perfect in dark souls 1
gtx560 tends to go around 30-40 aud so you did n't to too badly .
if you do n't have any trouble running csgo then who cares p
after my house mate died i found and disposed of his hardcore fetish porn before his folks could find it .
that dude was in to some fucked up shit ...
we do n't quite know if we 'll get the update on monday or tuesday yet to my knowledge .
probably the most perfectly placed and ranged kick i 've seen .
for a brief moment val started to reconsider taking this fight but she toughed it out .
evga precision x. i 'm using it in win10 to do fallout settings testing .
i bet they do n't even ask to lick your face .
one of the best game faces of all time no doubt
democrats and republicans unite against president trump 's plan to nuke all mosques .
great film about a character with paranoid schizophrenia which does n't sensationalize or sentimentalize the illness .
that 's were nerfing the science wonder is very important .
if there were no science wonders things would be more even .
so you could go to war or whatever and it would n't cost you everything .
not saying we should get rid of all science wonders but you should understand my point .
and if you want to be honest how many times has vancouver won the title of most beautiful city in the world ?
obviously we 're going to have that mind set .
your experience clearly sucked so bad that you honestly think calgary is better .
hah have you been to calgary i have many times to visit friends and family .
besides the stampede calgary does n't even come close to vancouver .
i 've had experience with miva shopify and some other one i ca n't remember the name of and some wordpress cart .
the one i ca n't remember was ok but was for a fully custom store built in straight html and was very hands on and only did paypal iirc .
not very flexible or extendable but it worked great for where it was .
miva was for a store with 10,000 products and worked well enough .
it was expensive plugins and modules required for many things that should have been built in .
they bought out my old host years ago and i hated it afterwards .
monthly price went way up they dicked me on 2 megs of space yes megs every month .
now they 've introduced a new more expensive pricing structure that depends on how much you make .
i am tired of being milked by them and looking for a new cart .
that said the backend and framework is vastly improved since 200whenever but i 'm not happy about the variable pricing which leads me to shopify .
i use shopify on my site at twigcase.com http www.twigcase.com we make and sell unique paper and bamboo iphone cases and i love it .
i 've used shopify since 2011 and they have rocked with uptime constant improvements and great support .
they 've even contacted me about feature requests and took my advice .
there 's a ton of add ons and they have added to the features steadily so that less are needed .
changes are easy the syntax is reasonable and not having to deal with the server backend stuff or patching security jazz is great .
the import/export has gotten tons better the speed is far above my user experience with squarespace and i do n't pay for sudden huge surges in traffic that would have me paying out to miva or having my site shutdown by my other host which would have happened about 4 times this year and probably 2 more times coming up .
i have roughly 150 skus there and do n't have experience with more on shopify so i 've been weighing my options there with the other store some things have gotten a little too paginated in the shopify admin and i could see it becoming frustrating managing 10,000 some items .
they make minor or medium changes to ui fairly frequently and do n't have a change log so you may need to adjust your workflow occasionally .
they 've been chasing new users a bit and have been making things easier to do but a few things are getting hidden or clunky .
i am concerned that they went public recently and my experience has been that companies that go public go slowly bad but so far so good .
they have allowed me to concentrate on my product and not about managing the store .
the issue is n't his command of one number .
finley stadium home of chattanooga fc hold more people than sporting park .
20,668 https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/finley_stadium while sporting park has 18,467 https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/children 27s_mercy_park .
not exactly a crown jewel of us sports but far from https www.google.com/search ? q=finley+stadium+review+chattanooga+tn espv=2 biw=1920 bih=979 source=lnms tbm=isch sa=x sqi=2 ved=0ahukewjg7mpcqj7jahudtcykhbjpbskq_auicsge tbm=isch q=finley+stadium 5dchattanooga+tn from crappy '' .
these guys https twitter.com/chattahooligan will debate the no fans '' accusation if garber was referring to supporters .
hopefully he was n't saying literally no fans '' only 5 words after saying stadium of 4,000 people '' .
if skc can have a shitty season '' after spending billions and billions '' of dollars what does that say about their long-term money management skills ?
also why are we talking about the best team in the league ?
why are n't we talking about the fire who are badly mismanaged and in need of some disincentives for poor management ?
or chivas usa who had no fans '' and would have fit right into the npsl ?
chattanooga has now proven through its playoff numbers that its soccer fans turn up in droves when given an incentive .
so why are n't we talking about their ability to draw larger numbers of people regularly after being promoted to a higher division or when they have better players to see ?
would n't it be good for a lower league team who have played well to see a natural increase in their attendance ?
why is the mls commissioner launching attacks on a lower league team ?
does he feel diplomacy is n't worth the trouble ?
is lower leagues soccer so irrelevant in his mind that the soccer community in chattanooga can be safely insulted ?
i do n't want a man in whom or in who 's league the federation has defaulted so much power to be going around launching attacks on lower league teams that have provided no provocation .
pro/rel literally today is n't what most people in favor of it are asking for .
most people expect a slow buildup and planning for the eventuality so that when it is instituted the risk of playing at a crappy field with no fans '' has been minimized .
you can also institute minimum infrastructure requirements for promotion that would reduce the risk of a team being promoted without being prepared .
multiple foiled attacks coming from different groups sympathizing with islamic extremist sentiment .
so your only concern is that my examples of christian extremism are not recent enough ?
aug 5th 2012 wade michael page shoots up a sikh temple apparently because your average white nationalist skinhead douchebag ca n't tell the difference between sikhs and muslims .
he was into christian identity one of those radical sects of christianity '' that you said did n't exist .
in 2008 an anti-abortion right winger and conservative christian named jim adkisson shot up a church with a shotgun while children performed a play .
in july of this year a 63 year old christian minister named robert doggart was caught in new york planning to go kill muslims .
he had an m4 carbine 500 rounds of ammunition a handgun several molotov cocktails and a machete .
timothy mcveigh dyllan roof the klu-klux klan these people were/are all christians guilty of horrible crimes and yes that includes terrorism .
let me ask you the same question i asked last time would it be uniformed jibber jabber '' to object to a sitting united states senator who stated he wanted to limit settling christian refugees in this country based on these past terrorist attacks ?
do i sympathize for the woman and children displaced by isis in syria ?
am i so idyllic to think that the terrorists wo n't use our kindness as a way to get in ?
you seem to think that these people from syria were riding around in the desert on camels last week .
by law any refugees we accept have to be cleared first .
if you doubt our government 's ability to do so that 's a different story .
please remember these are people who are running away from isis .
the tsarnaev brothers were raised by a pacifist who rejected islamic extremism .
they were radicalized while living in the united states .
if that 's what you 're afraid of then i guess we should deport everyone because everyone in the country could potentially be a terrorist by that logic .
a senator with very little support from anyone who is n't on the religious right you seemed to omit .
these are the republicans who have so far supported the view we should only accept christian refugees
jeb bush ex govenor of florida current republican presidential wanna-be brother of the guy who started all this shit in the first place
ted cruz senator from texas i believe he came up with this bullshit
donald trump failed real estate mogul reality tv star weaseled around the question everything but straight out said it http www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2015/jul/20/donald-trump/donald-trump-says-if-youre-syria-and-christianyou
chris christie fat corrupt asshole governor of new jersey who should be in prison
so no this is n't just one senator who nobody supports . ''
one of these douchepimples might actually be the next president of the united states .
you 've shown me your line of thinking everyone who is an inch right of the left wing is the same .
there 's a wide political spectrum out there bud and you 're being just as prejudiced as you argue we are .
i am not the one who thinks it 's a-ok to blame people who are not responsible for acts of violence perpetrated by others based simply on the fact that they share somewhat similar religious beliefs .
it is the very definition of prejudice to allow christian refugees but not muslim refugees .
me pointing out this hypocrisy in no way at all makes me the bigoted one .
i posted this in the new sub but for anyone who does n't want to go over to it here 's a super simple recipe cinnamon chicken .
it may sound weird but i promise it 's very good although if you do n't like hot '' food it 's not for your .
not spicy just think of what it 'd be like to have a lot of pepper in one bite .
take one part pepper one part cinnamon and 3 parts salt preferably sea salt but anything will do .
for just a single serving for 4 make it 1/4 teaspoon for pepper and cinnamon and 3/4 teaspoon of salt .
take the spices and mix them together shaking in a ziplock works well .
prepare your chicken i prefer to slice my chicken breast into thinner slices so they cook easier so my bake times are based on that idea .
pour a little bit of vegetable oil on the chicken and then sprinkle the spice mixture on top the oil helps make it stick and keeps it moist .
mix it all up so it 's fairly even do n't be afraid to get your hands dirty .
assuming your chicken was already prepared trimmed and sliced this should have taken 30 minutes from start to finish plus preheat time but my oven honestly takes 3 minutes to heat .
i find that it 's a great recipe to use when entertaining guests and you want to give them something they 've never had before .
you can build up a tolerance to caffeine and require more of it to get the same nice feeling of being alert and focused .
at even what i consider to be high consumption 4-6 cups a day it is n't bad for you and might even be good .
i drink 2-4 cups a day 5-6 days a week .
as far as addictions go this is a good one .
my biggest regret regarding coffee is that i waited until i was 40 to start drinking it .
coffee has helped me run and not be weary '' more than the word of wisdom ever did .
woot i just got my ketopasta in the mail today !
i dont believe it was destroyed i think they did n't draw it on the map because its the one part of the map where it would have to go through names of other places .
i think it 's implied its still there just to keep it asthetically pleasing it doesnt connect on the map
i see from that point of view it makes sense ... just really annoying like you said .
u/gabrielgray is right in that there is unfortunately institutional racism however i disagree with the way that it is being tackled particularly by blm .
in broad strokes i believe that the blm movement especially is heavy handed in their identification of grievances which seems to close as many communication channels as it opens .
all things being equal in terms of qualifications for jobs and so on there is no reason why we should not be trying to accommodate as many minority individuals to positions of institutional power as possible .
a not insignificant feature of this argument is that all things should first be equal in terms of merit .
the institution exists but all people not just black people or homosexuals or whatever other group are affected by it .
yes i 'm a white guy and yes even though i 'm white and male i deserve the same opportunities and if i bust my ass i deserve to get a job just as much as anybody else .
my second gripe here that is particularly with blm is that this is an everybody problem not an us vs them problem .
no doubt black history is terrible and blacks have been downtrodden .
i as an individual though have never willingly tried to put my needs ahead of any black person and i am not personally accountable for the random fuckhead white kid who writes the n word on a wall somewhere or for all white people who owned slaves more than 100 years ago or for that matter forced segregation more than 50 years ago .
like you said above calling all whites racist or bigots is disenfranchising and is the fastest way to cause a deeper rift .
there is some inherent need to blm to be both offensive and confrontational in terms of lashing out against whites in particular and society in general .
this is not how problems get solved we all have to work together and want to do it .
there are not rallies of people in rainbows saying fuck the straights ! '' .
in fact in my opinion every other minority group is on board with this and focuses on acceptance of everyone .
at some point the i 'm a victim you ca n't understand .
i can do whatever i want because all of you are wrong '' arguments have to stop .
this is not an issue of white culture '' it 's an issue of culture .
people who want fair and equal treatment need to open a dialogue not be petulant assholes who harass any viewpoint which is n't their own .
thank you u/lestranger for your measured responses and contributions .
u/gabrielgray to more kindly paraphrase your words above i hope you respond .
this may be reddit but there are people here like me who are hoping to learn something and understand all the arguments to be better people out in the world .
hey im not as experienced as others on this sub but i would be happy to read or flesh out some campaign ideas you got .
focus on making the experience better using homemade stuff .
if they want upgrade it on their own so be it .
fun can be had without props and shinier stuff .
uconn also had a couple players transfer before that ineligible season .
as far as i know smu players did n't have time to do that before the season started .
bellaplex anti aging cream these normal skin care ideas will allow you to conserve alot on skincare goods and enhance your complexion .
try this routine that is new an unique should be seen by you in just a couple weeks.massage de soleil supply best skin care products your skin layer is your body 's most noticeable section .
you may presently be one particular those who curently have an established skin care regimen .
however it would be good for you study your themes and to take a long look in the mirror .
ask yourself is your skins treatment routine giving you the desired effect ?
you may carefully wash tone and moisturize but are you currently using the proper techniques not to mention the items that are proper .
skincare advice is vast and abundant but it 's time for you to consult the top physicians in the business if you really wish a recognizable variation !
listed below are professional skins treatment ideas which will set the wow '' component back to your skins .
if you look norway rules it at the end of ck2 .
must have been a vassal that did n't get integrated on conversion .
i ca n't decide if crawford should be on the floor or not .
sorry for the extremely stupid question but it 's my first time using a spreadsheet .
do i must save it as a .pdf using google 's options ?
you should be concerned but you may need to just accept his abilities if you want it to work
that my nephew is not going to get out of jail for 50 years he murdered then raped a girl and threw her body in the trash the next morning .
this bot never fails to find the most hilariously useless times to appear .
vendors are only allowed 2 sale/giveaway threads every 10 days .
i have 3 marks on 59-16 p and about 90 percent on 5 or 6 others
edit nevermind it 's possible i was accounting for my monitor os tax etc .
the only thing i can think of is that it has programs to steal your personal information .
but it does n't seem like it would be a very good scam since it might be very very difficult to make a profit off of each one .
being a translator for the isis magazine is probably somewhere in there .
your editor not only wants everything easily digestible but also needs you translating their slurs safawi and concepts the land of shirk .
i have a modest proposal to make everyone happy ...
a lot of times it means they are not ready to get married to them .
tell her whatever you want she do n't give a fuck
would you happen to know how the goty disk for fo3 works ?
do you have to use the base game disk to play it and download the dlc separately or do you have to use the goty disk to access the goty edition ?
if you 're gon na commit virtual genocide you should at least accept the virtual consequences .
yeah hearing him genuinely positive about his experience with vr and that state of that experience was a little surprising .
he seemed discouraged by it in the past and i 'm glad he 's finding something positive in it .
he 's still behind in iowa on huffpo and rcp polls but should i really be following this ?
i read somewhere that iowans do n't like polls they like action and bernie is where it 's at
nice to see delly wake up and score some in the 4th .
as others have said refinishing wood floors is one of those jobs that makes a lot of sense to contract out .
we just did this ourselves did all the prep but had someone actually 2 guys come in and finish .
it 's dirty and dusty it 's rough on your back and knees it requires patience you ca n't rush this and it is multi day as finishes have to dry a day between and multiple coats go down you have to rent equipment you have to buy a good amount of supplies including special sanding pads wood filler and finish the pros use good quality finish that costs upwards of 60 a jug .
add that all up and the price of your own time and this job is much cheaper to have someone do it for you and it will look better my guess a room that size 400-500 to have a pro come in and finish it
i would say you are over reacting but i 'm a nurse so i 'm constantly exposed to people who are sick so i just consider it a normal part of life .
you 're going to be exposed to germs whether at work at home or out doing your errands you ca n't avoid it .
just wash your hands a lot you can carry a small container of hand sanitizer with you all the time and use it frequently .
again they have to import the item into the us plus you 'll get hit with duties .
lol ... .all i see is contact subscribe and service but no store..
i 've never had an issue like this before therefore have never had to send a modmail .
as an msg guy i was merely expressing my lack of fucks that his wife ruined his chance to be a high-speed operator ... ..the tacti-cool stuff would have made it sooooo awesome ... .soon he 'll be stuck with the third-hand kevlar helmet and 25 pound plate carriers the rest of us use ... .
and he wo n't get to paint his rifle like they do in call of duty
i got so worked up and religiously frenzied in the missionary training center .
i thought i had magic jesus powers and i would be the one to convert 5,000 people at a time .
i cant imagine being a partial political outsider as a missionary .
thats bs look at kawhi 's hands and hes shooting close to 90 look at mj duncan lebron
hate the sabres but that should not have been a goal .
isis vs everyone in paris rolling on the ground at them naked .
monstrous physique works too as does alter self from small to medium .
the only thing i remember from back in my days '' of reddit was the fucking rage comics everywhere .
do n't know what emergency you will find yourself in where you need more than 20 gbs but that 's none of my business
most data that ever gets put in my stash is 2 gbs by the end of the month which usually gets eaten up another month .
this month i used 14 gbs had only 3.5 in my stash
in 4 years i attended three of my books had known errors and the professors in the two courses one history the other economics was already aware of the errors .
it is difficult to have perform studies on college text books precisely because they are not standardized .
professors choose the books they prefer to use so saying a board like the one in texas is biased is impossible since there is n't a board .
both history teachers i had were extremely biased and pushed an agenda in class and their reading list was slanted as a result .
i ca n't make a claim for all college text books but it seems you ca n't make a claim for all standardized texas schoolbooks either as the examples used are cherry picked instances out of large books .
finally a challenge that is n't from 28-30.the tocantins one would be perfect in the rain
it 's a petty thing to be obsessed with and pettiness is unattractive .
time stamp when those awesome moments happen it 's easier to manage
my accountant charges me a flat rate for filing the consult was free and he suggested the formation of an s corp llc and did that paperwork for us as well .
happened to us a long time ago and i snapped a pic with a disposable camera .
those are really good points and not ones that are regularly brought up .
i love the reductiveness we can speak meaningfully of these disparate thinkers with huge bodies of work in soundbites that falsely describe their collective beliefs and ideologies and logical leaps some marxists 50 years ago were interested in culture i disapprove of modern culture ergo all culture of which i disapprove is actually a political weapon of marxists .
ill let you know the top super cruise speed in a second here if i can get back in .
my i5 was actually a lot better after th2 but i was hardly using it by then and had already wiped it out with intent to return .
but the intel driver crashes were pissing me off and th2 did not solve them so i 'm really glad to seemingly be rid of them by upgrading to i7 .
this dialogue is completely overlooking the individual 's sovereign right to say to moralizers fuck you i have the right to engage in unhealthy activity if i want to . ''
a gtx 960 is a pretty good option for an upgrade should n't be too expensive as they go for 200 240 on kijiji.ca and most of them are barely used or brand new in the box .
the jag was they were doing 'soft soft soft ' and sort of out of nowhere they go 'hard '
and you can most likely just run the tron reset tool provided to fix that .
it probably got interrupted in the middle of a scan .
i do n't have any regrets but there is one monster at 6 that i no longer use acasis
6 starring and maxing my acasis through the hoh made my giants runs 100 .
after moving to speed giants comp and removing acasis i used acasis as my 100 aiden hell farmer for months .
i do n't ever use acasis anymore but helped me through many stages in the game .
he could just install the partner apk manually outside of the google store ?
the only people they may need to apologize to are reid 's parents and that can be done in private .
happy to know phillip human football player '' supernaw is still kicking around this league
oh of course you do n't need to tell me or whoever another humans confessions but this post is just out of curiosity .
when my boyfriend came over to the states for his first time with me he ate through an entire box of cookie crisp in one sitting in the hotel room .
i meant it 's tougher with the spray varnish than without .
with all the money from this advertisement he should hire a company that actually knows how to make video games to make a new thps .
i think this dude wants to start a kkk chapter at rutgers .
i 'm sorry buddy but i do n't think any conservative professor wants to start your white pride club with you .
complaining about having a small dick is like complaining about being cold because you do n't have enough body hair .
if your dick is tiny do n't wish for a bigger dick .
just get a bigass strapon and call it beastmode bring it out of your warchest when she wants to get extra rowdy .
because there 's nothing to make you sick unless you 're eating bad eggs .
my brother in law rented a coach bus which was nice but still had to walk from building to pick up location which offers free parking .
so basically you would debate with the op on this but not me apparently because my views expressed on this subreddit are haraam to you ?
nuanced conversation '' must be a dog-whistle for something .
how do you even parse a user 's comments via subreddit anyways .
u/poweruppowerdown created a few custom yarn yoshi so it 's definitely possible but colors like white/yellow might be too hard to make http imgur.com/a/jn8os
he claimed to use fabric markers to color them if that helps .
colors that he has pink orange dark purple green light blue light purple red black
here is the link to the original comment thread .
https www.reddit.com/r/bitcoin/comments/3tiwhl/jared_fogle_sentenced_to_15_years_arrives_at or you can comment here to start a discussion .
i thought he was gon na write on the board with it
he should focus on music if that 's what he enjoys .
it wo n't pay off financially upfront but hell be happy .
if your near a guitar center or music store .
on the side he could create royalty free drum beats people can buy to use for their videos or music ... big market for this with youtube .
one of my biggest regrets is putting my music aside to follow the heard ...
i feel like a lot of them simply thought that they would get beta access by doing so and i have seen a bunch saying they are refunding so i was just curious
i remember during the first week there were times when stephen would ask the band about something and they would all talk at once unintelligible .
i actually thought it was a great gag but some network exec obviously disagreed because the following week stephen started addressing jon directly leading to the cringe worthy moments we get now .
well i 've studied french ancient greek italian and spanish so i 'm kind of into language in general already .
i also coach science olympiad and help out with certamen .
i started out as an all around nerd so being a latin teacher is just a return to normality for me it 's not a stretch .
i do like the intellectual conversations i get to have everyday in the office though .
but we also have conversations about smelly freshmen and farts and such so it 's just a fun place to be .
i would n't say being a latin teacher has pushed me to pursue other intellectual pursuits so much as my pursuit of academia and love of language pushed me to become a latin teacher .
i also think spirit said he wanted to go back to korea so i would expect him to play in lck .
there is no magic way out of paying a legit bill .
if you had posted here before it had gone to collections the advice would be to work with the hospital on a payment plan .
i can already feel my asshole spreading in preparation for it .
i 'd gladly ride it until i could n't walk the next day
home alone especially if you factor in the disconnected alarm that led to the whole ordeal
also coming to america the girl would just google akeem '' finds out the truth movie over .
impregnate myself with my own frozen sperm and raise little dysphoric clones of myself ...
actually that sounds like an awesome premise for a sci-fi series .
the game playing itself on my friends games seem to not beat the game playing itself on my game ... might be skill ... git gud ?
he is asking for a christian point of view which is what i stated .
i 'm talking about the charles dickens karl marx etc memories .
those are always different in some way heck same goes to liberation missions and what not .
they 're not exactly each unique but there is always one or two thing that keeps it fresh in some way .
witcher 3 is the gold standard for content in open world games .
same here going to canada in a month and this laptop is pretty much what i need !
dalaran takes considerable system resources both from client and server side .
it 's why during wrath it was often a lag-fest in the city and why the crystalline forest was so limited in scale and questing .
to have it in full included in the siege of orgrimmar would be as others said unreasonable .
some people are not as lucky as others but i am one person telling you why i attend school .
it will be on the west coast so that the event will be viewable during the day in europe .
i should clarify when unscrewing the visor screw the metal anchor '' itself separated from the helmet .
it probably had a defect because there 's no way my weak ass hands could tighten it that much with that tiny key thing they give you .
as a 49 year old guy who had a chronic medical condition how am i supposed to find out about new drugs that could treat the condition ?
am i supposed to bank on my physician knowing what is coming down the pipeline ?
i do work in the medical field and know how much time physicians have to research new drugs on top of the busy work schedule .
i just do n't talk to them if i do n't have to .
i watched it like 3 times before i realized it was looping .
the thing is by the time i get home and get the windows open the house will not cool fast enough to ensure a good night 's sleep .
it 's just too hot in the bedrooms at bed time so i have to cut the a/c on ... .yet again .
someone really downvoted you.. im new to this sub .
one less douchecanoe to not have to worry about leaving .
do you use any sort of vpn software such as private internet access ?
the problem is the movement completely lost its original purpose .
the original purpose bringing awareness to police brutality against black people was a great cause that anyone could get behind .
now it 's turned into something completely different that is no longer supported by almost everyone .
the mizzou students could n't even nail a single real instance of racism aside from the shit swastika and now we have black students in schools demanding segregated housing what the hell ?
that would have dr. king rolling in his grave .
i support people who are brutalized by police or legitimately discriminated against but not the movements which are attracting the worst kind of people .
and coldly replied yes i do want fries with that . ''
i know it is a draymond green thread but jarrett jack and ish smith are the most surprising .
being wrong and making mistakes are important things to do .
hey sexy lady '' is also my cat call of choice s
no problem seems that people answered your question on my post for you if you have n't seen it yet https www.reddit.com/r/mariomaker/comments/3tgm32/music_help .
and huh did n't think i was on your page .
saw him once—you 're in for a great show .
i started playing ukulele after seeing a few of his early videos .
in this situation the guy is n't committing crimes for money if anything the job will give him more money to pay children to rape them .
i do n't know i have never heard anything specific of psychedelics within taoism .
but it seems to me that taoism much like buddhism prefers gradually cultivating oneself through inward training '' .
the practices of taoism is based on gradually attaining expanded states of consciousness this is done through many different means such as meditation chi-kung worship/devotion rituals and ceremonies divination the use of herbs and diet sexual alchemy taoism has esoteric magical systems as well which tie into ancient chinese shamanism so what taoists do is pretty varied .
i 'm sure some sect out there somewhere employ the use of psychedelic substances as well but taoism culturally has not made a big deal out of psychedelics as far as i can tell ...
your submission has been automatically removed because titles must begin with psbattle .
please refer to the submission rules http www.reddit.com/r/photoshopbattles/wiki/submissionrules as to why this is the case and check to see that any other rules are satisfied if you choose to resubmit .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/photoshopbattles if you have any questions or concerns .
this is how i end up smiling when my wife makes me take pictures .
jose aldo x conor mcgregor by way of ko round 4
chris wideman x luke rochhold by way of tko round 3
ronaldo jacare x yoel romero by way of submission round 2
damian maia x gunnar nelson by way of tko round 3
max holloway x jeremy stephens by way of unanimous decision
urijah faber x frankie saenz by way of tko round 3
tecia torres x michelle waterson by way of unanimous decision
warlley makdessi x yancy medeiros by way of unanimous decision
court mcgee x marcio lyoto by way of split decision
yeah it 's gon na be a smurf war .
i know two people who have silver accounts with a lot of hours/wins because they actually have the patience to keep those accs low .
i mean they are terrible themselves but they 're not silver .
so i 'm pretty confident there 's gon na be some fishy players .
and then abbas never showed up for a follow up meeting .
asylum seekers irrespective of their mode of arrival like others that arrive in australia without a valid visa are classified by australian law to be ‘unlawful non-citizens ' .
however the term ‘unlawful ' does not mean that asylum seekers have committed a criminal offence .
there is no offence under australian law that criminalises the act of arriving in australia or the seeking of asylum without a valid visa
i would n't go as far as saying she had the most interesting kit .
obviously different opinions means that there 's no right answer but i consider god 's like awilix and
chang'e has her interesting passives and awilix 's abilities are all pretty unique in function especially the ult .
my assumption here would be that either the shutter glitched and stayed open too long or two different photos have become superimposed .
it can happen on digital as well as analogue cameras .
more details just starting bitcoin payment is the mode of payment for account holders
discount available for r/startup subscribers drop us an email support at safeharbour dot io when your signed up mention r/startup .
heritage and moral are important to discussing the 80s cause they helped make it so bad
they would n't have that much speed in turn 3 regardless .
besides they need a braking point for the batteries .
given the potential payout of this endeavor would n't it be far more interesting for a country like china us to secure such goldmines for national interest ?
if so would n't they be racing into this kind of venture ?
are we sure that after factoring in the cost to procure these space ores at the current tech level it would still be very economically viable ?
feels like secret is going as 4 or 5 atm and eg is split up a lot
i guess you convinced all of us and all the independent and republicans out there that hrc is the real deal bc she talks the most about this issue with meaningless solutions and no way to get it done .
essentially for me to give any advice at all would make me a hypocrite ... as much as i would love to jump on the nutrition bandwagon i simply put love food as well .
add to the fact that i work 50 miles from my home everyday and i 'm already making excuses ... from what i can grasp from it is as long as you control the portions of your meals and spread them out 5-7 times a day you can almost eat anything you want .
i hope the job market opens up for you soon as well .
have you tried indeed.com or any of those other job hosting sites ?
in the end what it all really boils down to is how badly do you want to change ?
and how hard are you willing to work to get there ?
i wish you the best of luck my friend !
and as yoda himself would say try there is no try only do or not do . ''
the biggest problem is vince and the wwe deserve to make more money and that 's more important public company than cm punk deserving '' to main event wrestlemania .
the fact that they put themselves in a position where they need to rock or anyone else from outside the company to come in and make wrestlemania a spectacle is on them .
take a year go get a job then go back .
dude i have never sat in front of my phone with my mouth open .
none of my problems should matter if i can flip my shit like you did with your transformation .
and technically ww2 or ww3 in your example never ended .
wow a generic hunting dog and a generic mallard both stylized in a cartoonish way .
honestly with all this pc nonsense going around the country it might not be completely ridiculous to get somebody else on the completely other end of the spectrum to sort things out .
please as i 've said before all anime-only 's should skip the modified ending that is at the end of this episode .
if you are at least a semi intelligent human being you 'll be able to piece together the new scenes and massively spoil yourself for a later twist in the arc after sa .
however what is the probability of an equally or more offensive phase appearing ?
i guess they are releasing the updates at their own office time to fix errors that might happen .
it would be pretty dumb to make the update available while they are not at work the shitstorm about failed updates would be to high .
haha i 'll admit that was a troll comment .
i get your and nick 's point but there are just as many people complaining about people complaining about scripting .
if the game 's just a laugh why get so angry ?
u/dabusurvivor would agree that sjds will continue becoming amazing due to its meta potential .
oh wow they have the sound version and it 's so much better
be kind to yourself ... .your back on track right ?
i have only spent a bit on money at the beginning for the campaign pass and a few other things not more than other games and i have most of the stuff i want .
honestly this far in i still like the game .
i had fun failing at excalibur last night ca n't ask for more that that .
not to mention that exterminate is more linear unless the same can be said for captures since their revamp i 'm honestly unsure than capture and thus is easier to seek out vaults in as you do n't have all these long branching paths that could just lead to dead ends .
most of the time it 's better to give your team heroes they 're comfortable with rather than picking unfamiliar hero .
but you ca n't turn it on in fallout 4 fuck dat gaem 9/10
its more roundabout but my donation is in part paying for the activity .
i would have less of a problem with it but thats more due to the small cost but on principle i dont like it .
we noticed that you are still fairly new to reddit .
because most scams involve relatively new reddit accounts sometimes the scammer and sometimes the scamming victim we strongly recommend you and anyone else reading this to make sure you have good reasons to send your item first in a trade with someone as explained in the gcx safe trading guide linked here http redd.it/2gig0n .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/giftcardexchange if you have any questions or concerns .
kinda unfair that users will be harassed as sock puppets by people like u/greg_barton because of their views .
sounds like standard paranoia if they 're different or believe in certain things they must be cheaters .
well i 'm assuming this will prove useful as all of 2 examples dealing with inverses are expressed in cycle notation .
so g sends 1 to 3 3 to 7 7 to 2 which loops back to 1 1372
g also sends 4 to 6 6 to 5 which loops back to 4 465
i liked it when he asked for tea later with an attitude
try to get the more kills you can when the enemy is retreating from a siege .
will i send a list in us prices and you just look for and get the same parts in denmark ?
if you ca n't then just get similar ones as in same type but different brand or variant .
indeed i just imagined how funny it would be to hear dan charlin http www.dancarlin.com narrate the ridiculousness of such a start to a revolution .
i do n't know if this has anything to do with the security breach but after logging back into my account after changing my password i do n't have sponsorship status anymore .
all i get in the sponsor tab is the two options for getting a sponsorship .
i first watched chuck about six months ago all five seasons in 2 and a half weeks and i was a wreck after .
i never thought i would find anything as good as chuck on tv ever again .
i could n't get over the ending and just wanted more .
finally after months rewatching certain episodes and even making a chuck the movie fan trailer i was able to calm down and sort of move passed it .
today my university prof played take on me in my lecture and the feels started coming back .
against me better judgement i came home and listened to the jeffster version and im right back where i started ... browsing the chuck subreddit listening to the chuck soundtrack and mourning the passing of the greatest show to ever grace our television screens .
she died a few years ago at age 96 or something like that childless .
she had previously been married and got divorced or widowed dont remember exactly at age 40-50 i believe .
she worked as a pharmacist and fell into depression and got on welfare at age 50 .
after that her life basically consisted of eating sleeping and watching tv all day .
no interactions with humans except for weekly visit by my father and his siblings and nurses .
the apartment smelled like complete shit and was never cleaned it had n't been renovated in like 40 years as well .
i want to play a scenario where our messages back and forth are texts or at least it starts out that way .
maybe through a friend a run-in with a stranger something else ?
for me i 'm a 26 year old filipino from the us .
short athletic and curvy love to laugh and talk !
i 'm an open minded gal i think i 'm pretty friendly would love to chat to all different kinds .
someone who is down to actually chat perhaps not get right to the filthy or dirty .
i 've hooked it all up and when i power her up she starts up fans spin a bit and shuts down .
there 's no post no sounds just turns on and then off .
i think it might be the standoffs in the case it 's a carbide spec 01 .
there is one standoff that pokes through the motherboard and i 've never seen that in anyone 's build so that makes me even more confused .
the power supply i have is the corsair hx750 and the motherboard is the msi csm-h87m-g43 micro atx
very annoying to have to kill the game entirely and come back because you tried to talk in chat while in-game
i hate searching for standard or chaos unranked and getting these tryhard 3 stacks and 4 stacks .
why not add it for unranked just like it has it for ranked ?
i 'd like to give my review on quick fix synthetic urine for substituting on drug tests .
i surfed the web for weeks trying to figure out the best way for my friend to pass his preemployment drug screen .
read all the reviews out there and it seemed quick fix had to be the best option .
what was most important as i 'm sure many of you reading know was getting the temperature correct .
after microwaving the bottle for 3 times at 4 seconds a pop i managed to get the temperature to 100 degrees .
after taping the included heat warmer to it i was off the the urgent care center where my ecup screening was held .
the heat pad kept the bottle at 98 degrees which was also what the ecup read on its temperature strip .
it took about an hour from the time it was microwaved to when it was used which is why the heating pad is so needed .
the ecup is an instant test that is done by a computer and is not sent to the lab .
from my research they do not even test for urea but the 6.1 bottle should have that anyways .
quick fix is legit and subbing urine is much easier than expected for pre employment screens says my friend .
a little late but finally got on my computer to redeem and post a thanks .
i had a brand new batman arkham city that i finally decided to try out .
i installed it and did everything right including the product code but it wo n't let me play it because of this extremely annoying error '' .
i 'm going to the riverstage tonight and i 'm not really interested in the support bands .
do they usually shut the gates at outdoor venues or can i turn up when tame impala are about to start ?
i 'm 33 i 've been working with the company for about five years and have quickly worked my way up to a project lead position .
i 'm married and i love my wife but things have been well a little cool at home .
you have legs for days and enjoy showing them off in skirts and dresses that only barely safe for work .
i notice you right away and while i do my best to keep from staring you notice that i ca n't take my eyes off of you .
... one day on your lunch break you 're talking to a girlfriend on the phone and i over hear you talking about a sexual experience you had the night before .
... .. you love the fact that i 'm listening and you begin to speak louder so i 'll be sure to hear every sexy detail .
i feel it would add a lot of flavor .
i could always translate to latin or another language but if someone 's already put in the time that would be great if you could share .
after my first semen analysis 9 non-motile sperm seen on fresh sample .
after my second 26 non-motile sperm seen on fresh and centrifuged pellet .
while the office has said that i have like a 0.001 chance of anyone getting pregnant i still wanted them to just say you 're sterile ! ''
this is for backing up your precious pacifist save http lycaon.me/undertale.html
and this is if you want to have a bad time https crumblingstatue.github.io/floweystimemachine
im here in texas been to multiple stores and none have noche buena beers yet .
is it still made or is it not out yet ?
i 'm slowly adding things as i go through a massive purge of my collection so this list will likely be updated !
us shipping is 3 might be a bit more for heavy packages .
int'l varies depending on weight but is usually relatively cheap for samples .
everything ships in a bubble mailer/box with plenty of bubble wrap/padding with candy amp a tracking .
let me know if you 'd like to be invoiced !
i am happy to answer any questions or take photos of anything flexible on pricing for lots !
alchimia toner tabs fs single-use pearls of facial toner missing 1 pearl 4
epically epic pistachio ice cream solid lotion unused but has surface mark from edge of lid 6
firebird pomegranate basil sugar cube scrub decant of 4 cubes in original jar 3
haus of gloi reverie boca chica bubbling scrub fs unused opened to sniff 5
haus of gloi scarecrow pumpkin butter unused opened to sniff 6
lip/face products unopened/sealed unless otherwise listed used items have been sanitized
little sparrow oh my papaya fs lipstick used 3x label worn/stained 2
ten three labs all vamp everything smudge stick swatched 4
notoriously morbid he 's going through changes mini swatched 3x
shiro are you shear you want to enchant that ?
victorian disco the monster book of monsters fs swatched 3x
nyx jumbo eyeshadow stick in cucumber lightly swatched 1x cap is slightly cracked on outer edge 2
nyx lavender violet blue velvet macaron lippies betrayal wicked lippie each used 3-5x violet used 7x 12 for lot
wet 'n ' wild petal pusher palette usage varies by shade max 8x — right side has light usage 2.50
future primitive black briar petrichor the one ring the ancients basically try me on out-of-season/le scents !
just by using a cleanser moisturizer i 've gotten rid of most of my acne but i guess there 's not much prevention for hormonal stuff and i think it 's hormonal since it happens once a month .
i always get 1-3 enormous pimples think the size of a penny in terms of swollen red area that protrude hugely from my face .
i currently have one great one that popped more or less of its own accord and left a great honking hole in my face .
my phone has a terrible camera http imgur.com/bhillvt but that 's my ear to the side for scale .
i do n't know how to keep these from scarring and they 've been getting rather worse .
i usually get them on my chin in the same spot every month and there 's pie there now so preventative measures are needed for these bastard s any advice on what to do is appreciated .
i try to avoid popping them but sometimes i ca n't help it .
they get so big they pop by themselves or i pop them when i sleep on that side and wake up in pus sorry if tmi or i have to pop them because it hurts to move my face .
if i do pop them intentionally i disinfect a needle and a tiny pinprick is usually enough to have a ton of ick come out and relieve pressure but the hard core stays inside unless i apply pressure and it comes back if i do n't get it out .
any advice would be super good i 'm not sure what to do at this point because the past few months they seem worse than usual .
i 'm interested in philosophical defences of familialism https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/familialism such as this piece http www.orthodoxytoday.org/articles/anscombechastity.php by elizabeth anscombe or john finnis ' article marriage a basic and exigent good '' http papers.ssrn.com/sol3/papers.cfm ? abstract_id=1392288 .
pcpartpicker part list http pcpartpicker.com/p/dr39gs price breakdown by merchant http pcpartpicker.com/p/dr39gs/by_merchant
cpu intel core i7-4790k 4.0ghz quad-core processor http pcpartpicker.com/part/intel-cpu-bx80646i74790k purchased for 334.44
cpu cooler cooler master hyper 212 evo 82.9 cfm sleeve bearing cpu cooler http pcpartpicker.com/part/cooler-master-cpu-cooler-rr212e20pkr2 purchased for 29.99
motherboard gigabyte ga-z97x-sli atx lga1150 motherboard http pcpartpicker.com/part/gigabyte-motherboard-gaz97xsli purchased for 104.99
memory corsair vengeance pro 16gb 2 x 8gb ddr3-2400 memory http pcpartpicker.com/part/corsair-memory-cmy16gx3m2a2400c11r purchased for 69.99
video card msi geforce gtx 980 ti 6gb video card http pcpartpicker.com/part/msi-video-card-gtx980ti6gd5toc purchased for 599.99
power supply evga 850w 80 gold certified fully-modular atx power supply http pcpartpicker.com/part/evga-power-supply-220gs0850v1 purchased for 144.19
i recently finished this build and set to installing the os .
i created a usb boot drive using my laptop but attempting to boot from it results in the message reboot and select proper boot device . ''
i have tried this with two different usb drives and both fail .
i tried ubuntu which the computer does boot into successfully but then halts initialization due to unknown chipset '' issues .
i concluded from this that the usb flash drives are fine the build 's hardware is fine and my process to create a boot drive is fine .
i re-downloaded the windows 10 iso hoping that the first problem was just a corrupt image but no luck there .
if anyone has any ideas including telling me why i 'm actually doing something stupid when i think i 'm doing the right thing please let me know .
edit forgot to mention that i have tried using the front panel usb ports and the back panel both usb 3.0 and 2.0 .
it does n't have to be shounen include romance or be concluded that 's just sprinkles but it does have to have adequate interaction between guild members .
they do n't have to be in the guild for the entire show .
i just finished building my prusa i3 from here http createc3d.com .
when i run a motor it moves perfectly fine but after moving it still makes an electrical sound .
when i press stop on the lcd the noise stops .
im sorry if this is the wrong sub for this question but both r/reprap and r/3dpinters are pretty dead
i finally got around to firing up my new ds1515
all went well so i powered it off and installed 2 new noctua fans and a stick of crucial 4gb ddr3 1600 http www.amazon.com/dp/b005ldlv6s/ref=twister_b00h8jvikm ? encoding=utf8 psc=1 .
when i turned the unit back on it never beeped and the blue power light kept flashing .
so i shut it down again removed the ram and rebooted .
so just return it and get another one right ?
well i bought it over a month ago and am outside of the return window .
i also have no other devices to plug this into to test if its faulty .
suck it up and order another stick then return the bad one ?
but what if the new one also doesnt work ?
then i 'm still stuck with 2 sticks which are both potentially fine yet i 'll still be unable to return one of them .
that assignment that was due last week has got ta get done dude .
i 'll send you silly motivational pictures ask how it 's coming along love toughly whatever .
i find it pretty funny that there are times like tonight where i 'll stop by a settlement just to drop off some junk and i 'll decide to move one thing in build mode ... .next thing i know i 've been in this town for the whole day and have n't done any questing at all ... .
... ..but man that town looks cool with a disco ball in it !
i need suggestion which is better.. get another 7knight or upgrade your first random 7 knight..
has anyone else tripped and had a sort of 'awakening ' and became aware of a sort of 'social fog ' ?
prejudices and fears keep us apart when in fact we are all going through the same struggle .
also the tendency for people to avoid deep emotions and being sincere because it makes things easier
i 've found that after tripping i notice these thing s and work to fight them in everyday life .
trying to break through it is difficult but finding people that share the same values feels so natural and relieving .
has anyone else felt this way or able to put it in better words than me
my fiance was diagnosed with lupus this past year .
she 's had a ppo insurance plan but next year the insurance companies in our county are removing their ppo plans .
we ca n't pay out of pocket as she has infusions once a month which would break us out of pocket .
we live in texas and i was wondering if anyone had any advice .
hi i run a monthly pop up board game cafe and i was looking for an entertaining meme to put on the facebook page .
the events are aimed at a mostly casual crowd so nothing to niche !
i googled but i could only really find ones that made fun of how geeky it is really ... .
does anyone have good positive funny board game memes and would like to help me out ?
i 've tried going more culture-oriented but end up getting out-battled by war mongerers
it 's hard to beat people to wonders early such as the great library without some lucky start tiles .
also you want to build a shrine early too to get a religion as well to improve tourism down the road ...
it 's an angry rant ... and yup i 'm sure it 's all been said before ... and yup all indications suggest that ea is n't listening ... but if enough players quit the game maybe eventually they 'll have to .
i am so completely sick of this stupid game deciding that even though you are completely dominating your opponent it does n't want to let you win ... chance after chance comically hitting the post impossibly saved or hit straight to the keeper when executed exactly the same way as in previous matches that resulting in goals ... then the one or two half-chances that your opponent has in the entire match against the run of play has players diving out of the way to let them through.. what 's worse it 's not even subtle .
for those of you out there who still do n't believe that there is a scripting/handicapping system implemented you are seriously kidding yourselves ... you can literally feel the game holding you back ... for those just itching to helpfully chime in with 'you just need to play better ' i 'm sure that more talented players may indeed be skilled enough to somehow overcome the odds being stacked against them ... but why should we have to ? ?
what was previously a satisfying challenge of skill has now become too much of a game of chance for my liking .
... also if there is n't any handicapping in the game i am sure that ea would be taking every opportunity to reinforce this message given then amount of negative chatter there is out there regarding this issue .
... i am sure this 'feature ' has been implemented 1. to prevent newbies getting completely smashed online and quitting the game and therefore not spending any more of mum 's credit card on fifa points and 2 .
to make people feel that maybe it 's just that their team needs a few better players to perform therefore encouraging more spending on fifa points .
i 've been playing fifa since 1995 and have purchased the new edition almost every year ...
but now like a sulky child i 'm taking my ball and going home .
i 'll be staying clear of need for speed and battlefront too ... it is possible to be commerically successful without shamelessly exploiting your loyal fanbase ...
tl dr give control back to the players ea or we 'll quit and play something else !
share your best and worst excuses for not working when the beta drops on tuesday .
but they only send the weakest of their race to collect water .
this would explain why they can be killed off so easily .
one of the things i loved about previous games at least until a-ok generators were created.. was the social aspect of helping other teams that had died and needed saving even when they were in places that were a pain in the ass like zi south 60f ... and after looking around in most of the places that would normally be flooded with rescue requests gamefaqs boards various pokemon-specific forums etc .
and most of those ended up with people sending a-ok mail then getting told oh sorry i actually rescued myself an hour ago and forgot to edit my post . ''
in that regard it feels like the game is a lot more isolating and that there 's really very little reason other than shared enthusiasm to visit many previously-high-population community areas .
this is particularly true due to the ability to recruit over-leveled pokemon/receive them as helper pokemon very early in the game and use them for self-rescue purposes so that actually seeking a rescue is virtually never necessary .
on the other hand those areas tended to drop off in activity after the first week and it often became near hopeless to get a rescue 6 months after the game 's release or would take multiple days and so in that respect i can see the worth .
or for people who are 13 and ca n't register for forums/play at 'off ' hours where the majority of players are in bed
on the whole i 'm not sure whether i like the 'feature ' and was wondering how others felt .
i fully expect some amount of bias since this is a community-driven area to begin with but i 'm honestly curious to see how others feel .
i got 25 beds 30 food 60 water and 60 happiness .
i do not know how to affect the happiness sometimes it raises sometimes it goes down .
also when i get close to settlers they say something like people are complaining about the bed situation '' .
because i got enough beds ... what do i have to do ?
i know money is n't that important but i feel that a lot of students i 'm in college make it seem that they pay is outrageously good even though i interned for a non techy that is on the fortune 50 and the full time pay and compensation seems on par with those companies especially if you factor cost-of-living and according to the hiring managers the salary that was for full time was adjust to be competing in the surrounding area .
so are the benefits that they offer that good to justify the allure ?
because i feel like if i like a company and what i do it really does n't matter if i do n't work for a big 4 '' company .
plus with good financial planning are those benefits really that great if the cost-of-living is high assuming that thre located in like sanfran/socal or nyc or other high price areas ?
tonnes of people in suits almost all asian lots of security a red carpet and a veritable convoy of hire cars .
i have got some problems with my 6s plus 64gb rosegold .
when now sending it to apple and they send an exchange to me what ios version will be on the new one ?
i ran through dunwich borers and got to the pond where you can swim down and find some loot in the bottom .
i was surprised that all i got was 2 mini nukes .
so i looked up online and found out there 's supposed to be a sword there on the table .
the sword was never there for me and i really want it bad .
does anyone else have this problem or know a solution ?
played this game for a few years and ive beaten it a few times ... overall i love it .
it 's one of the few games i keep going back to .
that being said id like you to consider adding something an iap for a custom character builder .
make it 10 so you dont lose out on revenue from your existing classes .
i know they take a lot of planning and effort .
assign base stats from a pool of 75 any way you want .
choose which 8 talents will be available nightmare is a given edit could also be point buy
i 'm going to be buying my first build ever soon .
i just need to clear some last things up .
i 'll probably be getting a msi r9 390 as my gpu .
i 've been looking at the asus mg279q as my new monitor .
but i 'm still not sure if it 's worth it when i 'll be using a r9 390 .
i know i wo n't be able to get 144fps on games at ultra but is it still worth it ?
is it better to play 1440p with lower frames or would it be better to play 1080p with higher frames ?
and would i be able to play games like cs go with a r9 390 at higher fps ?
i really like the monitor i just want to make sure it wo n't be a complete waste of money .
some background i started bboying breakdancing when i was 15-16 and only ever did that for fitness for most of my life .
i 'm turning 31 soon due to a lack of common sense and total disregard for my own safety i had neglected conditioning as well as proper self care leading to a multitude of minor but chronic injuries that i will now carry along with me for life .
the straw that broke the donkey 's back however was when i destroyed the cartilage in my right wrist which i allowed to go undiagnosed for about a year before going to the doctor when the pain did not subside .
basically it 's now healed incorrectly and to really really fix it i will need to have surgery but i have n't gotten around to doing it just yet because i have to jump through all sorts of ridiculous hoops because the injury itself is not immediately life-threatening .
to rest my wrist i had to stay off of it completely in the hopes that it would somehow get better .
and after 6 months of not dancing i was losing strength confidence and happiness .
a rather messy breakup did n't really help my condition during this down time .
i did n't like the idea at first because my experience with lifting was gymbros so i tended to shun lifting culture plus getting huge is detrimental for dancing since size inhibits mobility .
it was n't until i made friends with nicer lifting enthusiasts that i decided to give it a proper try .
i still could n't get into it because the repetitions were just too boring for me personally .
keep in mind this is coming from having a background in dance where creativity is encouraged so it was a shock to the system to suddenly be advised to repeat isolated movements .
i still have a profound respect for those of other disciplines like weight lifting powerlifting bodybuilding etc .
my friend whom is also a bboy and is a few years older than me had gotten into calisthenics about a year earlier but i never really contacted him regarding it .
i needed anything to get my mind off my breakup so i started going to workouts with him .
it was really fucking hard because he was already averaging 100 reps a session and i could barely manage 3-5 clean in a single set .
being a bit of a gamer nerd i set myself some specific training parameters which brings me to my next point ...
okay i am by no means an expert but people have asked how i train so i 'll go into depth here .
it 's pretty convoluted i must warn but it worked for me so with that in mind lets move on
when i started calisthenics i had a bit of a base for strength and was advised that these were the bread-and-butter exercises for all levels and i still stand by them today even though i have since learned more dynamic exercises .
a quick search on google suggested that i could work out roughly how many reps i would require of each exercise in order to maintain muscle balance by knowing how many i could do of one .
my weakest strength was my pulling so i chose pull ups as my base .
i would do this entire circuit and then go about my day .
these numbers can be scaled so if you can only do 1 pullup do 3 push ups 6 dips etc ...
the most important thing to keep in mind is that everyone is different .
you might not be able to do as much as someone else but be honest with yourself .
when you cheat your reps you really only cheat yourself .
initially i could only do maybe 3 chin ups in one set .
i could n't even do multiple sets in one session so i began by doing a set when i woke up and a set before i went to bed .
i also made sure that i did this every day without exception .
after about two weeks this became easy so i began introducing one additional rep a week .
my prerequisite for adding reps is that i needed to maintain the same amount of reps for seven days .
so i did 3 reps twice a day for seven days before i increased it to 4 reps a set .
these sets were always to form failure and not total failure mind you .
now if i failed to reach my current record of reps for even a single set i would go down to that previous amount and do that for a week before adding the extra rep. eg .
if i was doing 5 reps per set and i got to my sixth day and failed on my second set only reaching 4 reps ... . tough shit i made myself go back to doing 4 reps a set for a week before trying to increase reps again
i did this until i reached about 10 honest reps no kipping and maintained that for about 2 weeks .
then i added an additional set to each day .
i kept using the same rule about set failure previously .
there 's also actually many progressions of these exercises so i used them to increase difficulty and intensity without the need to add additional sets once i could do 5 sets in a day .
slow eccentric reps doing leg exercises with single legs aiming to touch my chest to the pullup bar and later aim for the hips doing all pulling exercises in a strict l-sit position etc..
i think having a daily goal is much more realistic for people starting out .
once you get stronger you can start to do it in a single session and then later try to complete it within a certain amount of time in one session .
working out until you throw up is not what i would recommend for the newbie .
keep it short fun and manageable by only adding reps when you are obviously finding your current routine too easy .
zig ziglar said you do n't have to be great to start but you have to start to be great '' and i wholeheartedly agree .
okay i may cop shit for this but i had a pretty poor diet starting out .
i had a small tin of tuna three times a day .
i also had baked beans once or twice a day and for dinner i ate pretty much whatever i wanted .
i did n't meal prep so i had canned food and sushi because it was convenient .
after about 3 months i started making a salad which consisted of 2 fruit and 5 vegies which i selected at random then diced and combined with dressing .
i brought tubs of this around with me everywhere and had a cup of it before eating whatever i wanted afterwards .
i have always had a very good metabolism and bodybuilding is not my goal so i never really developed eating discipline .
i eat three times a day so i had three cups of those fruit n veg along with whatever else i eat .
the goal here was to fill up on salad so that there was less room in my stomach for junk .
once again because of my metabolism i 've pretty much ate whatever i wanted without gaining weight however as i got fitter i tried to eat better quality food and now i prep meals at home because having a better diet does give better results no matter what you 're doing .
my meals are n't that fancy usually cauliflower broccoli bell peppers carrots with chicken and heavy sauce and rice .
it 's repetitive but i do n't really care .
i also do n't have cheat days so i eat whatever junk food i want when i want .
truth be told i was eating nothing but that salad and chicken at one point for so long that i kind of detoxed from junk food and sweets so i ca n't even have too much of that without feeling sick now .
i still have junk food at least once a day but i never really have so much that it impedes my progress .
i 'm pretty damn casual compared with others whom bodybuild or compete so take my diet as purely anecdotal and not dietary advice .
feel free to ask questions or yell at me for not being concise .
a lot have asked so i 'll add what my current bread'n'butter routine looks like now .
keep in mind that these are daily totals so some days i might do two sets in the morning and two sets in the evening others i may do all my circuits in one session .
i mix things constantly to keep it interesting plus it 's really hard to balance strength/endurance/hypertrophy i 've also added a couple of videos to show what kinds of things i 'm doing with my training now .
obviously i 'm not doing exactly the same thing as when i first started .
3-4 sets of 15 dead hang pull ups to chest example https www.instagram.com/p/xgqfnhjed7
2-4 sets of 25-40 push ups example at 400 speed https www.instagram.com/p/xqg8mpdeo
2-3 sets of dips to form failure example with artificial mechanical disadvantage https www.instagram.com/p/qbwirgjedj
when i started hitting higher amounts of reps 10 or more it became harder to consistently maintain multiple circuits a day so now if i really ca n't be fucked i 'll just do one circuit of each exercise and leave it at that .
i only take days off completely from exercise if i have something like a dance competition or something big like spartan race and i want to be fresh .
since getting stronger i would adjust my routine by looking up prerequisite exercises for more advanced movements i focused more on dips and chin ups for months whilst i tried to develop the strength for muscle ups as an example .
but these core exercises are the foundation for most more advanced progressions and movements .
here https www.instagram.com/p/yrl6bmjeg is an example of goal-specific exercises .
i will say that i had a few inconsistent cycles of creatine when i started out which is why some of my earlier progress photos were all over the place .
i phased myself off of that eventually because i simply ca n't drink that much water on top of the water/amino acids i drink daily plus i felt that the added water weight in combination with my inability to cycle it consistently gave me an unrealistic impression of progress .
i also initially had protein shakes twice a day but i could n't afford that so i tried to simply eat more .
eventually i did buy protein although i only saved it for when i did n't have the time to eat a proper meal because of how expensive lean and tasty protein supplements are .
edit 2 another note on adjustment of the routine according to ratios .
i have personally found that a pull push legs of 1:2:3 has prevented muscle imbalance but feel free to come up with one of your own based on what your current goals are .
i would usually formulate my daily routine by basing the number around my weakest exercise ... so here 's an example of a routine '' i followed for two weeks .
in this case my weakest exercise was push ups after going overboard with pulling exercises when i started out .
i was able to do 8 pull ups however i could not do 16 push ups in a single set .
what i could do however was 12 push ups so i readjusted my ratios based on my weakest link which became as such
consistency is the biggest thing i stress about my method so even though i was n't exactly pushing the boundaries by only doing 6 pull ups ... it was a real mission but still barely manageable to do the 12 push ups .
because i was n't training incredibly intense with my stronger exercises i had more strength left over to perform and complete my weakest ones .
eventually the strength of my push ups caught up so i then gave myself a new goal and adjusted accordingly .
it may be hard to feel like doing anything at all if you ca n't even follow someone else 's routine .
do what you can set goals that are challenging but realistic and constantly review your progress and make the necessary adjustments .
i prefer to progressively load my routine based on performance milestones which is more subjective rather than time which can be seen as too objective or unachievable for some .
you might know somebody that went from 10 push ups to 20 in a week but you 're not that guy ... you are you and the sooner you get a feel for what you 're capable of the sooner you can craft your own routine that will help you reach your goals .
i finished grinding to level 5 on my main last night .
went to saladbar to pick up the package and drum roll ... ... . ghost shell strange coins and motes .
i know there is rng at work here but seriously 4 days of playing ib and the package does n't guarantee an item ?
if this is the case arguably the level 3 package is a better drop as there is no other place to get a 310 artifact at current .
if you have run hard oryx you most likely already have a better than 310 ghost shell .
tldr rank 5 package should drop ghost and at least one other random armor or weapon from the loot table .
iainmacintosh gibbs we presume is starting on the wing where he finished against spurs .
so some patches ago around month or so my fps in smite dropped from average 100 to average 25 mostly 20 and latest patches did n't do anything that improved it a bit while all other games run smoothly on ultra changing settings in smite to low does n't change anything at all .
all of fix suggestions that where offered before do not help using older video drivers process lasso and something else i cant recall what .
game is really unplayable i even do not play online but check fps with bots .
so can some one suggest something new or at least give some information if hirez is looking for resolution or consider it solved as i have n't played game for a loong time and start loosing interest as cant have much time for it and torching myself with slideshow is not good way to pass few hours of my free time
i have torrent from tracker x that i want to upload to tracker y to fill a request .
unfortunately tracker x requires you to seed a torrent for an amount of time which i have not yet achieved .
as i do n't want to wait to upload the torrent to tracker y because it might get filled my go to plan was this
i let the torrent from tracker x seed on utorrent .
i install bittorrent and use it to create a new .torrent file .
i upload the .torrent file created with bittorrent to tracker y
so the same file will be seeded from the same network but with 2 different torrent files and to 2 different tracker .
or will it result in me getting banned for whatever relevant reason ?
sorry if this is the wrong place to ask i was thinking r/piracy at first but it fits here also and this community is more active so i thought this would be fine
if you use headphone it 's fine but for some reason when playing it straight from the speakers you hear the intro music as normal but my voice is literally inaudible ! !
i 've tested it with 2 phones so far and iphone 4 and 6 .
everytime i sell anything with a pre/suffix it sells for the price of the item w/o pre/suffix .
pcpartpicker part list http uk.pcpartpicker.com/p/qtw2p6 price breakdown by merchant http uk.pcpartpicker.com/p/qtw2p6/by_merchant
are there any good cpu fans for just £5 more ?
okay so i 'm at a loss as to how to fix this problem .
i originally did the update from win7 to win10 .
then after the latest ms update my pc started having serious issues with lag and the disk being at 100 all the time .
i worked through several solutions found both on reddit and on google .
and the pc was taking minutes to open control panel several minutes to reboot etc .
so at a loss i decided that since i did n't have a restore point saved that i would do a fresh install .
so the fresh install has made the pc even slower .
i just ... want to rip my hair out now .
i 've updated the drivers turned off smartscreen cortana and turned off cloud protection .
and it is still laggy and still showing 100 disk .
edit since posting i have tried turning off my av and tried launching safemode to see if it was better .
in safemode there did n't seem to be a way to see the disk percentage so i do n't know if it was at 100 but it did n't seem any better .
furthermore i tried a boot-scan with my av and it found nothing .
i just turned the pc on again and it takes at least a whole minute from power button to the welcome screen that displays the user 's name let alone actually fully loaded .
i have also disabled superfetch and prefetch and it only has seemed to make booting even slower .
this is a tiny problem but should also be relatively easy to fix i am forced to play in low-quality mode because of my slow computer .
the font for the cooldowns is unintelligible at low quality .
5s and 8s in particular are basically impossible to distinguish .
i wonder if the devs could spend a little time playing with the font in low quality to devise a better solution .
i 've had the jds labs o2/odac headphone amp and dac for about a year now and i 've had no issues thus far .
i used it today for the first time after travelling for two months and ran into some issues .
when i powered it on and plugged in my headphones i could hear audio but the gain dial was completely unresponsive .
i went into my system settings and the odac is still recognized by my pc as the default playback device .
i then powered off the o2/odac and interestingly could still hear audio .
i tried multiple power outlets for the ac adapter as well as different usb ports for the device and nothing changed so there are no issues with powering it .
i set up the device on a different laptop and the same problem persisted .
audio through my headphones but no ability to adjust volume .
i know very little about how the device functions internally but my conjecture is that there 's some problem internally that is n't letting the amp get power .
i 'm planning to take lgd for 8 weeks at 5mg/ed and i have a few questions .
it 's probably because i 'm new to all this but i am kind of confused on how to approach my pct .
i 've read that i should take nolva/colma/hcg etc .
should i take a combination of these or is taking one of these fine ?
i 've also read that lgd does not require a pct i will do pct regardless so i was wondering how much truth is to that statement .
looking for a group to help me beat oryx for the first time .
i 'm a good runner but i 'm almost useless on adds .
i 've heard a lot of memes hate and love .
now that the games has released and people have been playing over a week is it actually great ?
i have pre ordered the game ... but i log into my battlenet and there is no indication that i have pre ordered it ... is there something i can look at ?
so i 've seem up to episode 7 so far but i 'm kind of confused about what the japanese trade minister tagomi and the swedish diplomat wegener were planning leading up and at the japanese price 's shooting .
their plan involved a small object which wegener ate at some point but i could n't really make out what it was .
so if somebody could clear this up for me that 'll be great .
i do n't know about you guys but id love to see maps like kashyyyk and mustafar !
how do you guys carry your green gas or propane in the field ?
i 'm currently just sticking my green gas in my dump pouch when using my tm m870 .
was looking at an ai gascan but they 're out of stock everywhere the clone charger grenades are also really shitty from what i 've heard .
i 'd like to start reading demi gods and semi devils but i cant seem to find the other chapters .
i only found chapters 1 to 5 in spcnet .
hands down anyone who says its just a upres 'd skyrim needs to be stabbed in the knee .
so i just read my first murakami book colorless tsukuru and i absolutely loved it .
i want to stick with murakami for now and i was wondering what murakami book i should tackle next .
how can i buy ultimate god pack from xbox one store ? ? ?
on smite menu on xbox it shows to buy ultimate god pack but when i go to store it does n't exist
i 'm thinking of doing a ice shot build but instead of just doing cirt phys it would be done with a duelist using rt .
i took inspiration from the build of the week build of the week s05e05 asta 's lioneye 's archery '' build ! https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=6uv5xzfhyre .
also i am planning in doing a full conversion build .
blackgleam corrupted with 10 to 20 of physical damage converted to fire damage or 10 to 20 of physical damage converted to cold damage
as for links my aim would be to use ice shot for clearing and burning arrow for single target
the idea is to have blackgleam convert at least 60 of my damage to fire/cold and with ice shot 40 conversion i 'll reach 100 conversion to fire/cold .
then with pyre all of the cold damage would turn into fire .
any suggestions are welcome this is the first build i thought of so there probably is much more to improve .
it 's a lazy saturday and i have nothing to do .
i 'm willing to send a non-nude pic so you have an idea of what i look like .
cambria is walking around the middle of the canyon looking for spiders to collect in order to help magnus with his unfortunate fear of spiders .
i 've only been playing for some days and i am already extremely tired of spawning right in front of an enemy at-st or blaster fire or what have you .
this game seriously has the worst spawn system i 've ever seen .
the clear superiority of rebel ships vs imperial ones .
anyone who 's been flying a lot can tell you that the a-wing alone far outclasses both ties making them look like useless flying paperbags .
so i 'm clearing out my quest log hancock in tow .
i started the bos quests but veered off at some point and went back to finish .
danse wants me to join the club so hancock and i get a ride up to the prydwen .
immediately i start hearing shitty comments from deck scribes about ghouls being abominations blahblahblah .
go to the elder 's brief and hancock stands at parade rest with the rest .
exploring a bit i hear more comments about hancock who just remains at parade rest staring stoically ahead .
we go find danse again who recommends i bring him along seeing as he 's my brotherhood sponsor .
this means i have to say goodbye to hancock .
i go grab my new power armor tell hancock to get in and send him off .
i know it has no practicial effect in-game but it gave me a little bit of satisfaction sending him off in my brotherhood-supplied power armor and watching him tromp back past all of the bigot scribes cleaning floors and running errands .
what would happen if everybody who spent their time reading negative news instead meditated on love .
would the collective consciousness of humanity begin the healing it needs ?
tron is awesome i have it running right now ...
i would like to re-use the framework logging '' and oem debloat by name '' portions of tron for new pc prep as it is by far the best bloatware remover i have come across .
to be clear i do not want my modified version of tron to do anything but create a log folder in the current directory then proceed to run oem de-bloat by name '' and oem de-bloat by guid '' then write to mentioned log file what it has removed ... then exit ... no internal prep no processkiller no check wmi health etc ...
i would just run tron if it had the option to skip everything but the logging and oem debloat by name and guid but as it stands it does n't understandable ... it 's not a pc prep script and the repair prep portions are not advisable on a fresh out of the box pc and takes too long .
i am a scripting noob and can stumble my way through writing a script but can not seem to remove keep the correct portions to make tron log what it removes and keep the remove by guid name portions functioning properly .
would someone be so kind as to give me a hand ?
holy crap the difference is huge from my old ps4 i got over a year ago
i 'm primarily looking for someone to talk about female celebrities .
who we find sexy what about them we find attractive how we 'd love to fuck them and so much more .
message me and we can come up with a scenario .
some of my favorite celebs are taylor swift selena gomez amanda seyfried emma watson emilia clark scarlett johansson jenna louise coleman camille rowe alicia vikander cara delevingne margot robbie hailee steinfeld gigi hadid nina agdal and léa seydoux .
but i 'm open to checking out anyone you like .
send me a message and i 'm sure we will both have a good time .
if you clicked a link to this page please make sure that you 're on the real r/mcsrep .
double check the username that linked you and make sure it matches the username of this rep thread exactly and is n't just similar .
note that just because you 're reading this does n't mean a scammer did n't include this note in their fake profile to trick you into a false sense of security .
always double check and do n't get tricked or scammed !
he sometimes comes by to pick my husband up for work and i would appreciate it if he did not come to the door .
he has no idea that i was recently diagnosed with ptsd and probably would n't respect me if i told him so .
i told him recently that when i set boundaries with him i expect them to be respected .
other than him being upset that i have this boundary without telling him why i do n't expect any other problems .
i 'm wondering if it is worth it to tell him and hope he respects my boundaries or if i should just put up with the trigger .
thank you the responses were so helpful last time i knew to ask here again .
check out our game baby demon daycare on kongregate http www.kongregate.com/games/rpicton/b-d-d-c-baby-demon-daycare .
it was a student project that spanned over the last 6 months of my bachelor of creative arts games design major .
we had a team of 4 and came up with this short game loosely based on diner dash .
if you are interested in the making of this game check out our development blog on https www.tumblr.com/blog/babydemondaycare or my personal blog on https www.tumblr.com/blog/rosiepicton
would you rather vote for donald trump or hillary clinton ... or not vote ?
it spawns you on a spot with 30 radiation ...
hi guys got a spare zera would like me some lord of terror bundle just offer .
eli5 since earth is hurtling through space when space rockets blast into space why does n't earth leave them behind ?
like jumping off the roof of a moving car .
my parents ' dog a labrador female 1.5 years old bites when she wants to play .
it 's not hard enough to break skin but it hurts .
i 've told my parents it bothers me and i want them to work on it but they do n't .
when i tell the dog no '' it makes her bite harder .
is there anything i could to do to prevent this ?
i 'm only going to be at my parents house for a few days at christmas so i 'm not sure if i 'd have time to train her .
then here comes the wwe swerve with sheamus cashing in on exhausted reigns .
sheamus vs c reigns sheamus hits a brogue kick to a kickout reigns puts up a little fight but then inevitably is hit with another brogue kick sheamus wins new champion .
c sheamus and reigns feud for the title at the next two ppvs .
rumble match ambrose is the heavy favorite and it looks like he 's gon na win until surprise contestant 30 .
cleveland ohio i was just wondering is it possible to buy the rights to a kinda 12 year old game and put it on steam ?
it currently is not avaliable anywhere else on the internet in digital form and the only place you can get it is ebay .
could i buy the distribution rights and put it on steam ?
the origianal publisher is ea and is it even possible to negotiate with them ?
if i were to start to buy the distribution rights where would i start ?
i need some name from norse mythology that is fitting of a very noble and respectable floor vacuum cleaner .
so me and fellow vaporwave artist max headroom are going to make a full out blown record we already started working on it expect it to be done in 2016
i qant and object to check through everything in the resource tree and get the ones with 'persitent ' ticked in it 's properties .
how would you do that without creating every single object and testing it and then destroying the ones that arent ?
just looking for a subreddit that has voyeur iphone photos of hot girls .
i am not trying to do a migration as my last hd completely died .
i bought a new 850 evo and a fresh copy of windows 10 but when i load the windows 10 install cd it does not find the samsung ssd .
the box says something about using a cable to attach the ssd and use install magician sw but it did n't even come with the cable if i had another copy of windows to to use it with .
can someone help me out with getting the ssd recognized ?
i find this really weird if they have it in the name you 'd think that it would actually contain some aluminium .
i have little knowledge on how cds work and was just curious .
i imagine it 's the cds wanting a command or something that is n't found in that software like run .xbox which does n't exist on playstation .
so today i finally finished all my fractal achievements casual-fractal hero core-fractal hero elite-fractal veteran and elite-fractal master meaning i did every fractal scale at least once .
i 'm aware some changes to the fractal system are on their way scheduled for december but i thought it might be cool to post some general thoughts from the perspective of someone who 's completed it all .
this should n't be news to anyone by now .
you 're rewarded with exactly the same amount of experience points regardless of the difficulty scale and can get fractal encryptions and agony infusions at a much quicker rate by grinding early fractals rather than hammering away for potentially hours at a single high-scale fractal because everything has so much toughness .
of course the rewards of the encryptions themselves are also unfortunately lacklustre .
i 've found myself occasionally losing gold after buying keys to open them or after buying ascended salvage kits to salvage rings .
the toughness really does get crazy at later levels and while i do think that 's a rather lame and artificial way to allegedly increase difficulty it actually does a pretty terrific job of increasing difficulty and enjoyment in certain fights .
the thaumanova anomaly fight for instance while still probably a bit too high on the toughness scale is actually far more fun and challenging when the fight 's longer .
increased toughness on subejct six also significantly boosts the amount of coordination required to beat it .
now you ca n't just go ham on it and eat it up before the blue ooze can even get close but your team needs to work together to stop the oozes from reaching subject six .
other fights which are still fun in my opinion despite high toughness include the captain frizz fight mai trin molten duo grawl shaman and raving asura .
conversely a lot of other fights become mind-numbingly boring and far too long such as the svanir shaman champion rabsovich the jellyfish legendary archdiviner mossman flame effigy etc .
funnily enough the weapons test engineer at the end of the molten furnace fractal seems to be the only boss who did n't have his toughness/vitality scaled to ridiculous amounts .
even at super high difficulty scales he 's still down in an instant .
bosses do n't really hit all that hard especially compared to the old fractal scale 50 .
however i would argue that trash mobs are the real nightmare at higher scales .
they hit like a truck and take ages to kill .
this makes the volcanic cliffside snowblind urban battleground molten furnace and to an extent the underground facility fractals significantly more difficult than they used to be .
aoe blinds heals reflects boon strip instant revives stealth and lockdown along with party-wide condition removal stunbreaks invulnerability protection and aegis are all invaluable things to have when dealing with trash mobs .
as i 'm sure most fractal frequenters are aware by now the way mobs initially spawn at cliffside 's arm seals has changed .
before you 'd have two chanters at each side and if you left at least one chanter on a certain side alone then no other chanters would spawn near that seal .
now you have one veteran chanter at either side and you have to kill each one at either side for mobs to start spawning .
this prevents people from leaving left side alone stacking at right side and whenever need be sending one hammer user to the left side to hit that seal with relative safety since there 'd be just one or two chanters .
it 's much harder to do this now since at higher levels there are stupid amounts of chanters at both sides that would oneshot you the instant they catch sight of you .
the most effective tactic i 've found is similar to the stacking method i mentioned above except the hammer user uses invulnerability or stealth skills when going to the left seal .
because of this thieves and mesmers are the most reliable to hit the left seal on their own thanks to all the stealth they have access to .
leading from my previous point i need to point out that cliffside can still be hands down the most difficult fractal .
the most notable difficulty scales where cliffside becomes a nightmare are 59 due to enemies exploding when killed and 94 due to the social awkwardness instability which inflicts agony on you when you 're near allies .
94 in particular is extremely difficult because due to the generally restricted and closed spaces of the fractal you 'll find yourself constantly pressured by agony and even with the suitable agony resistance it will sting if multiple stacks are on you .
apart from the agony a lot of mobs spawn and they take ages to kill veterans in particular .
very few people are running them presumably due to a lot of reasons such as the amount of agony resistance you need the insane amount of toughness no achievements exclusively tied to 75 fractals and the crappy rewards .
case in point i 've run into the same people more than once while doing high-level fractals and i 've waited for up to 40 minutes for people to finally show up .
no pain no gain https wiki.guildwars2.com/wiki/mistlock_instability no_pain no_gain is one example .
with that instability enemies essentially have perma regeneration protection stability and retaliation among other boons all the aegis is also especially annoying which makes the fights frustrating and overly long .
one mesmer/chronomancer geared up for maximum boon stripping can consistently remove enemies ' boons almost the instant they show up with three phantasmal disenchanters but i am not sure whether all that boon stripping is worth the dps loss of having three disenchanters rather than actual damaging phantasms .
afflicted https wiki.guildwars2.com/wiki/mistlock_instability afflicted is another fairly annoying one especially in fractals where being constantly on the move is important got to hate getting feared off cliffside or the thaumanova anomaly fight .
social awkwardness https wiki.guildwars2.com/wiki/mistlock_instability social_awkwardness also makes it nearly impossible to change builds or swap utilities while other allies are around .
while arenanet did a fairly good job removing a lot of fractal exploits/bugs some still exist .
jade maw can still get killed by attacks that inflict lifesteal namely projectiles through a dark field despite it ostensibly being patched .
a lot of boss fights are also trivialised by leaving one person behind to stop the boss from resetting ice elemental source in snowblind or to res people who leave and re-enter the fractal when they die thaumanova anomaly .
due to all the toughness it 's actually rather rare for old tom to be killed in one sitting during high difficulty scales of the uncategorized fractal .
you end up running out of dwayna tears before you can kill him and the poison in the room slowly kills you .
it 's possible to run back to him before he resets to keep on fighting though .
when your party wipes the dwayna tears also reset allowing you to keep the fan going again during your second attempt .
i 'd bet that with an optimally-geared condition dps team doing the right skill rotations old tom can be killed in one sitting at even the highest possible uncategorized fractal scale but so far no pug i 've done it with has come close .
having any less than the recommended amount of agony resistance is quite nightmarish fractal scales over 90 due to the social awkwardness instability .
if you 're just short of the recommended amount it may not make much of a difference with one stack of agony but if you find yourself with 3 or 4 due to being near a bunch of allies especially common when you 're ressing an ally your health will sink like a brick in the water .
150 ar is what you should be aiming for ultimately .
with full ascended gear you can attain 98 ar without any agony infusions using just upgraded versatile simple infusions that you can buy after unlocking the agony channeler mastery .
they give 7 ar each and there are 14 available normal infusion slots in fully ascended gear .
as for agony infusions if you attune your rings you can get a total of 5 agony infusion slots .
on top of that 98 ar i personally threw in two 12 's two 9 's and a 10 to land at 150 ar .
the mai trin fight at scale 100 has a nice little surprise .
spoiler s when mai trin hits 25 health right after the third cannon phase she regenerates to full and calls three elite aetherblade mobs to help her . ''
that 's all i can think of at the moment .
if anyone has any counter-arguments/opinions on what i wrote above or wants some advice i 'm all for it !
if anyone has any ideas or whatever say something maybe lol idk .
when i lived in korea i saw a guy firmly gripping his steering wheel while repeatedly slamming his head into the roof .
good on ya i 'm hard on my tools and i let other people use them too .
anyway if you ever experience the worst there are a few really good tear-downs out there on the internet with tons of pics maybe they 'll come in handy when you 're tearing the guts out your router and springs are flying everywhere and stuff .
how the hell they can come up with a router design that does so much stuff and still build the moving parts out of discount downcycled hdpe from the reject bin i 'll never know ...
i thought you keymashed a word there until i looked it up http dictionary.reference.com/browse/nock .
i can tell you as someone that has some speech problems i tend to slur and stutter slightly it definitely bothers me when people comment .
i do n't care if someone makes fun of me for being a shitty artist not being funny etc but when they make fun of something i ca n't control i 've tried speech therapy pretty much everything.
it 's like yeah i know i have a problem .
i had never heard of a push present before .
if your wife wants a gift not within budget i would n't budge honestly .
flowers and a teddy makes for a sweet and inexpensive gift .
my husband got me food after i birthed our first that was great .
both the review decisions and the 4th down decisions in this game have been so strange .
my mother broke my first cramps record in half when she came in my room and heard can your pussy do the dog '' ... which just made me rebel harder and start listening to more punk rock .
i listen to a bit of everything but since it 's spotify new music day today i have been listening to the new shovels and rope release which is an album of covers called busted jukebox volume 1 .
i 'm picky about covers but i like the whole album .
god forbid a woman makes a joke on sports tv
is it just the thirst ms bonuses that break the cap or what if you were maxed at 522 and activate phase that bonus ms would be wasted .
if there were thirst targets would that phase bonus be counted or just the raw threshold movement speed ?
you can continue to chain links as long as conditions are met and spell speed is correct but may not start a new chain until the current one resolves .
ok she isnt staying there to teach them she said thats the goal of the charity in the future to have women do that .
you ca n't pinroll pants that are still too long on you even after rolling .
you will also look nice wearing your jeans normally .
1 shirou did n't have enough projections left to summon rule breaker for saber then summon it again for sakura later .
2 saber would have been without a master anyway so it would have been pointless .
of course these are just theories and i 'm still somewhat curious .
i 'm getting ready to move to san antonio .
so i 'm pretty pumped to hear a 10th planet is opening up just up the road .
if i win i 'll give everyone duct tape and chocolate .
i 've heard otherwise although i obviously have no experience .
turbo and antivenom can be bought as well as crafted as can the food items though they 're reasonably expensive but venoms are pretty much only acquired by crafting and they require multiple bug parts to craft .
as far as comparable threats go i 'd consider getting yourself a copy of the geck and doing a find and replace on things .
it 's not precisely a 1:1 matchup and i 've erred on the side of not putting in too many loot-heavy opponents to tilt the loot balance even if it means sacrificing some combat difficulty .
while i 'd love for there not to be another girl that was raped i simply ca n't ignore the fact that she probably was .
if you do n't think so then there 's simply no arguing as jameis himself was never even interviewed about it so how can we determine the truth .
but that does n't mean i can continue to think he is an asshole as i am more certain than not that he did it .
there was a lot of funny business with this case and i did n't learn about it from the documentary as i 've read about for a couple of years now .
so sure continue to call me an idiot but in the end i am pretty sure i 'm on the right side of this issue .
but some people i end up matched with do n't seem like they should be in onyx at all .
i 've noticed whenever i look at the pgcr teams usually consist of like 2 players around your csr and 1 or 2 that are unranked or lower .
i thought you 'd always get matched with similarly ranked players but apparently not and that explains why i 've never played on a team with all good players .
there 's always one or two scrubs and it 's annoying as hell .
it 's like if i want to reach onyx i 'd have to coordinate a whole fireteam and pray for the best .
well yea i was just saying americans from the scope of our discussion .
you 're right though it 's the plight of societies all over some are content to ride on others labor and drive without contributing anything .
still enjoying my on the go setup at home !
i male am the owner of a shaved head like this .
been that way for over 17 years and i love it .
no muss no fuss i 'm always ready whenever i need to be .
now if only i could tame the beard as easily
eh it 's a pretty close split between android and ios in both the u.s. and certain countries in europe .
it 's still a shitty thing to do though .
i did n't mind it until they did it when she was already in the ring .
they could just chant her name or something but that would n't show off the cute unrelated chant they came up with .
who brought that big ass bong in the back ground ?
please tell me you let them know that little mexican is your son just so you can small and watch their discomfort .
your voice is so pretty and these challenges are all making me cackle evilly .
land if the free ... oh god ... '' just great .
i missed it and that 's all i 've wanted to see this whole year haha .
dude i still get confused as shit between these two .
i definitely agree that everyone educated in the us should know what every president from fdr onwards looks like and the major ones before that but knowing every president is a stretch .
a bunch of the insignificant one-term presidents in the 1800s are just a blur of old white dudes with really bad facial hair to me
nah man i live in australia so i never get to see flume aha i stumbled upon these going through youtube
jesus man how much experience did you get from that match
i found that the usb power was n't enough to keep it running without fuzzing the picture .
make sure they use the plug in power supply that 's provided .
maybe you can tell me how they will find this man if everyone is told to stay inside their houses ?
we played alabama in dallas on sept. 5th and we played lsu in houston last year on aug. 30th .
i 've yet to see an sec team play above the mason dixon line during the regular season .
the protagonist 's good intentions lead her down quite a slippery path .
for a published english series robin hobb 's farseer trilogy the first of which is assassin 's apprentice .
my favorite series due to how it 's able to maintain tension because it 's clear that the protagonist 's plot armor is paper thin .
i do believe my flair is superior to your 's good sir .
call 1899-3075 it should connect her a ministry of gender equality and family center .
this is the most current number i could find .
she will be directed to the closest center which will provide medical care legal advice ect.. for free .
do this asap before physical evidence on her body or clothing is compromised .
i was thinking the same thing i expected him to shoot it a lot
i have the same thing going on except playing diablo 3 with wife .
got fallout 4 for later when she goes to bed .
di was never removed it was weakened in brawl at least i believe so .
then in smash 4 post-patch the di system is a combination of what we had in the past and what we have now .
diddy is only the second most used character in the current sm4sh metagame .
here 's a list of character distribution of character usage throughout the entire series though it is partially outdated many of the placements remain the same http i.imgur.com/znqkkpk.png .
i can not tell you how many people seem to miss this fact .
l-canceling was also left intentionally in the game in fact 64 's strategy guide proves that it 's most likely truth .
show what was paid and get the car out of there and demand repayment .
they are milking you because he does not have the turnover funds and o have watched too many aftermarket shops do this .
i will only pay for parts up front and i can take all those parts with me when the car goes .
so get your motor and everything you paid for .
no taking your husbands last name does n't make you a bad feminist .
remember in a truly equal world things like this happen both ways that there are some times in a heterosexual marriage where the man takes the womans last name and some times the other way around .
so maybe you are just a case where it is the other way around .
i mean i consider both of my parents feminists although i 'm not sure if they have both used the title .
while my dad is stereotypically better at math well he is a mathematician ... and kinda ridiculous at math my mom is better at things like repairing furniture .
does the singular fact that my mom is worse than my dad at math mean that they are n't feminists ?
i do n't think so as there are examples where the stereotype goes the other way around .
did n't dbg say they are changing it so that the tickets are only consumed upon death so that if the green dawn crashes you will not lose a ticket ?
also you can submit a ticket to the support site and they will refund you your missing ticket if you crashed .
it 's frustrating and annoying but it is alpha still .
and at least they are refunding tickets to those who crash out of a game if a ticket was lost because of it .
add me xxfederaljoexx i have cp at oryx hm 310 hunter
microwaved water tastes worse than a cup of aids .
you actually made the claim so you have to back it up .
and it 's not an ad hominem if i 'm not saying you 're wrong because you 're a nut .
you 're just a nut regardless of the validity of your argument .
that does n't mean i 'm attacking a person .
ideas are meant to be criticized that is how progress is attained .
i thought they might be the 3tb seagates that were blowing up all over the place .
try taking one drive out and running diagnostics on it from a pc .
extra edit if it 's in fact the drives you 'll be lucky to even get a rebuild to complete before another one of those drives fails completely .
with 3 suspect drives your likelyhood of actually rebuilding 3 times without the array blowing up is not good .
ceramic donut only supports up to about 20w it will blow up well crack if you heat it too fast .
get i stick 40w tc with temp control and you 'll be able to adjust the temp to the degree for best performance .
i was n't always safe and could aggravate lung disease when inhaled .
the insulin only acted for a short time and patients still needed to take shots of long-acting insulin .
i lost it when the fuckin ' mop holder rolled along the floor .
it is in a high school auditorium maybe 400-600 .
so this is not a spectre this is a pilot in spectre cammo .
so that would make you u/h3ibai 's dad 's brother .
i had already lost some interest by the time benoit died but with favourite active wrestler gone i had no real reason to pay attention to it anymore .
came back for the lead up to summerslam 2013 .
i ca n't remember what made me start watching again in the first place .
when the pu launches if you do n't have lti and you forget to insure your ship before taking off and then you are blown up ... you lose that ship .
there 's no way that they have more leg room than full sized pickup trucks .
even on the largest model my knees hit the dash on the passenger side with the seat all the way back and the console and underside of the steering wheel on the driver 's side .
curry and the warriors are the best thing going in the nba .
makes sense that r/nba is flooded with warriors stuff because they 've been by far the most interesting and impressive thing so far .
you 're trying to put lipstick on a pig and using your warped world-view to throw a monkey wrench into the middle of it to fix it .
there 's no fixing it '' in any scenario insurance or otherwise .
the problem is cost up and down the board .
insurance pooling '' wo n't solve the cost part of the equation so long as medical monopolies exist regulation weighs down access and crony capitalists profit off the gullible masses .
i was born with a perfectly fine meat thermometer thank you very much !
see but the thing is they do n't accept more people to work with them .
i 'm not saying that it would be impossible to track but it seems like it would be easy to prevent it from being visible by telescope .
finally got through a nasty bout of writer 's block on one of my papers .
confessed to my advisor that i was having difficult with some of the texts that he gave me to read and that i felt stupid that i was having a hard time grasping them he assured me that i 'm not stupid for having a hard time and suggested that we meet one-on-one so he can help me understand them better .
i expected that he would tell me that i just need to read them again or be disappointed that i was n't smart enough .
i 've mostly been running my hunter lately but i definitely wo n't be upset if they decide to give my warlock some love too .
more express trains into grand central would be so amazing .
definitely something i would love to see be done .
i thought this was a given part of the story .
they were only considered refugees after jesus was born .
you would have a better chance getting a shiny in gen 2 .
' ... and she said the italians could n't have been in the war because they were romans back then but i told her that was like a hundred years ago .
sing sing sing with a swing '' benny goodman instrumental but i defy you not to feel pumped up after that song
these were obvious and broad factors to be taken into consideration .
it 's not like i 'm claiming to know oh i knew shroud would shoot chickens so i bet lg . ''
no idea how you are so invested in a match you did n't even bet on .
btw i bet c9 every match of the lan which if you ca n't infer means that i deviated for a particular reason or reasons not one of which being that lg is the better team .
one i do n't believe that i could and two i think i would rather not for any long period of time . ''
would you consider writing a letter to your tenants ?
check out r/dearpeople and write a letter if you want !
i would love to read it and would really appreciate you taking the time to write one .
i may have gotten this in a target box but i have n't tried it yet !
maybe i will now..and yeah i think i had the same reaction with the shampoo and conditioner but i ca n't remember which ones i tried .
your listing has been automatically removed because it does not contain a link to a photo gif or album .
photos are required with every listing read our requirements for listings r/sexsells/w/listings for more information .
message the moderators http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fsexsells if this listing was removed in error .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/sexsells if you have any questions or concerns .
in theory yes provided your wiring is good enough in your home to give a good signal/speed .
why would they reveal an uneven amount of exotics for each class ?
met another gwaer.. after about four months of chatting .
arranged further meet ups and looking forward to the next one .
i almost met a couple of other redditors but travel plans fell through at the last moment .
trolling means you 're throwing out bait trying to get someone to bite .
so the only one that might potentially be trolling is pp expecting that people would take them seriously and give them a bunch of crap so the people responding negatively on twitter would be the ones getting trolled .
i said the same thing a long time ago .
i have mixed feelings about lti chris said a while ago lti was his biggest regret but i do n't think the funding would be nearly as good without it .
i think the current system gives people an artificial sense of urgency to get something they do n't wan na miss out on and that makes people more willing to drop down some cash .
it is good for the game but it seems a little manipulative .
i have neither read the bible or qur'an from cover to cover but i have read enough from both to get the gist of it .
the main problem of just reading the qur'an by itself is that the hadiths are required to support the qur'an .
how many of the 5 are stated in the qur'an ?
then to understand the scriptures one needs to understand the founder and the time period which it is set in .
trying to understand islam is not a light task but it is worth it because knowledge is power .
i want to throw money at you for some balanar/doto waifu action .
it some places it helps people decide to not go full retard .
oh ill burn some school children and they will keep me in jail for the rest of my life .
i may be a bit angry at our loss to you but i 'm still rooting for you guys .
how can you sit there and honestly think that the prequels were not utter shit ?
do you have any concept of what good story telling is ?
you will be done with it before you know it and the reward will far exceed the sacrifice .
i 'm jealous u have enough friends interested in nba enough to do a salary cap league .
is the problem his nose rope is a bit red ?
sorry i just want to make sure we know what the problem is !
yeah i picked it up right before the first ghost rider movie came out so it was literally every marvel movie franchise on one cover .
i do n't know how to simplify this any further for you .
if guns were allowed in the concert venue someone might have had one to stop the terrorists the same way that civilians stopped the terrorist at a cafe elsewhere in paris
i talk to my dog all the time even with people around .
which is in a sense what happens to biff in salesman .
he 's suffering because he 's lived a life chasing a fake dream .
he steals his way out of every job he has simply because he does n't know how to take orders from people .
if it 's not intentional both use the name biff because of the live action batman as you said .
better to call them and in about 7 days yes .
i think both pairs are appropriate but i would try to find boots with a lower heel unless you know from past experience that you can work for a long time in higher heels .
9 hours on your feet is a long time .
i work an office job and walked and moved around more than usual today because i had to switch desks .
i wore my 2.5 '' 3 '' ankle boots and my feet are hot and tired .
no need i 've got some of them ingrained in my memory forever at this point .
i believe that if only one person is logged in when you turn things in you get considerably more points per item .
the calculator he linked in the description can use your tf2 sens .
just put in your dpi and tf2 sense and it 'll give you the cm/360 .
every game 's been a microcosm of our season .
at some point it ceases to be a microcosm '' and becomes exactly expected . ''
i 'm praying that they got all the bugs worked out .
i 'm a huge fan of spacex and i am hoping they open up space to the average person someday .
you did not include the image 's resolution the width and height in pixels in the title .
you should put the resolution in brackets at the end of your title .
please check the faq in the sidebar for information on how to find the resolution .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/earthporn if you have any questions or concerns .
ah i saw another test that was done by someone else in the replies that mentioned it was the opposite and that the edge is actually 6ms faster than the g303 which was real suprising .
as far as i know through research the g303 has the fastest click latency of any mouse on the market so if the hori beats it or comes close that 's nice to know .
do you know if we have any results about the ducky secret ?
thats another mouse i might be purchasing in or around x-mas .
elektron just gave a talk at my school and donated an analog keys .
when i read it i imagine that as a fun vampire keyword if nothing else .
proof based math courses are math course where you learn things from the fundamentals and learn why things are the way they are in mathematics .
to me proofs/analysis are like a game vs computational mathematics which is just chugging through things .
many people say they love mathematics then they take a proof based course and hate it and many people say they hated math until proof based courses .
if not then an advanced calculus course may be a good introductory course just make sure it is n't a real analysis course .
more advanced undergraduate proof courses would be abstract algebra real analysis number theory and topology .
jos et jo huomannut niin ensi maanantaina on tässä subissa aiheena finland '' .
jos on hyvä suomilinkki niin postaa toki tänne silloin .
she 's lucky i let her leave with some of her dignity .
i believe the bulls have already begun building a team around him .
it 's about getting the right pieces in place and keeping derrick healthy .
if derrick ca n't stay healthy for when his contract is up i could definitely see reinsdorf not want to resign him and find a new starting pg .
about 15 years ago i nabbed an old grandstream 100m switch from work and put it in my bedroom to connect all of my geeky stuff .
it had 99 leds on the front of it .
it drove me bananas at night but it was my own managed switch and i was proud of it .
this seems to have occurred because it is not a direct link to a single image .
we require links to be of the form http imgur.com/go2dxlb .jpg
if you are using res it automatically fills in .jpg when you look at the link but most of the time it actually is n't there .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/photoshopbattles if you have any questions or concerns .
a happy healthy baby born in jail is better than an addicted baby born in the hospital .
not making any personal judgment just an insight to the passage of new life .
hope you do n't have to stay there long .
desu 2 gets a lot of shit for rankings and progression rewards for talking to characters and i think it does n't deserve the flak .
the entire horde was willing to follow him sheepishly until it started to hurt the horde itself .
killing cairne was pretty much his first order of business i would n't say murdering the nicest father figure the horde had was n't harmful to them .
i had a mini black and white trade of this story arc ... i re-read that thing until it fell apart .
plus the first marvel cross over i 'd ever seen spider-man makes a cameo to explain who arcade is ...
i thought jake was doing it on purpose to mess with him .
i love how it 's such a strong intimate connection to have with someone even if it 's just a one night stand and the connection is purely physical it 's still a very intimate situation .
the feeling of actually having someone inside me filling me up is like nothing else and i ca n't adequately put it into words .
call me back when you can download a crock pot .
you have to ignite to time the power to happen post top dead centre .
out of curiosity how did you get row 2 columns a-c to show as a drop down select ?
not really all that late here like 10:10 pm and i pretty much always stay up pretty late .
oh i just remembered a fantastic addition to the list .
there was a two year period where i was after puberty and somehow before shaving .
i grew a blond woodsman 's beard in middle school .
i had more beard than the rest of the boys put together .
the thing that makes it pure humor rather than a dread story of abuse is that by the time i was allowed to shave i 'd gotten enough positive attention for the beard that half a year passed before i actually got rid of it .
i kept it clean and apparently it looked halfway decent .
she criticized me for growing it out but continued to tell me i was n't allowed to use shaving razors .
i have no idea what my father was thinking .
he seemed very surprised when he noticed one day that i had quite a lot of beard .
as soon as he noticed he bought me a razor and shaving cream .
it 's very very hot on par with some triple series 12.6v builds i 've done .
its mainly a throwback to what we used to have to do to get extreme clouds .
there are very many much more efficient ways to generate extreme wattage these days .
if you 're looking to get into super huge vapor production i 'd recommend an ipv3-li with a buddha z v2 .
i wouldnt even be surprised if they beat the rockets
get out you do n't need us to tell you what to do .
if she is just stringing you along you should just cut ties and find someone who will give you 110 .
if you 're looking for good quality nothing can beat a model m. you can easily find one for under 80 on ebay .
caroline and alaric are happily engaged with children tyler is a lawyer in new york etc .
could you deal with the same issues you had to begin with and if so are you factoring in as best you can the fact that you miss him right now and that best case scenario you 'll be dealing with it when you 're not missing him as much ?
you 're not correct i just just thought it was kind of a cool idea .
i reckon the dog will be gone in the next 3 months..
not that i recommend just getting rid of the dog but if they 're not home much at the moment and do n't realise then once the kid is born and lady is at home and realises what the dogs like and how little time they have for it and her baby wakes up a million times.. yea i reckon the dog is gon na fins a nice new family to take it for walks and give attention
in terms of terrorism pakistan has only three standards .
good terrorists 2 terrorist hurting pakistan bad terrorists 3 terrorist not hurting india israel or pakistan gtfo till 1 or 2 applies .
sorry i did n't hang on to the link but i 'm pretty sure i found it searching a gearvr forum .
perhaps there are several at xda but gooble pointed me to one of them .
was that a south africa based clan by any chance ?
what t-mobile is doing is good '' in so far is it does n't make the current offerings worse or more expensive right now but in the long run it 's not good because its still ripe for abuse and the offerings in the future will likely be worse than they ought to be .
your comment has helped me to understand the role your reasoning skills have played in you becoming a fan of ted cruz .
your submission has been automatically removed because it triggered some filters since you are fairly new .
this is nothing to worry about if your post follows the r/history rules we can approve it for you once you message us .
here are some often made mistakes you can check on before messaging us
have you included a submission statement in the form of a comment ?
please message the moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/history subject=messaging regarding the removal of this submission by u/acneocturvaa message submission https www.reddit.com/r/history/comments/3tnxfy/скачать_pdf_сканер_людей if you believe your post follows the rules so we can review your submission .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/history if you have any questions or concerns .
i just ate the half i saved from earlier and it 's not enough but subway is closed right now .
we have a sigma 50 art that we just purchased about 2 months back .
it 's sharp as a tack and needed zero microadjustment on any of our three 6d bodies .
there 's some anecdotal evidence to suggest that the more recent copies have the issue fixed .
our first 35 which was purchased very early on had zero issues as far as resolving focus though it did need some ma work
do you have an idea as to how you 're gon na use the degree to get a job with a sports franchise ?
it 's a long season and i 'm sure ibaka will be better than this especially tonight but seeing what millsap is doing makes me sad .
i liked the 5s but if the rumors are true we may have a new and improved four inch model based on the 5s .
looking for something similar i love the ultra bright almost sterile environment
shooters freak you out except the one with a bunch of zombies gore and vomit ?
just keep trying different insertions until you can take the big one .
i do n't even understand what the fuck this person means .
what country that people are fleeing to is left that does n't have an immigrant population ?
it 's like this person took words and strung them together hoping it would make a coherent sentence .
all these words have something to do with being anti-immigrant and anti-muslim .
this game was a hail mary pass into a niche market .
it 's not an example to build your company off of it 's like 6 new zealand guys who are amazing at what they do and do n't mind taking a massive pay hit so they can make the game they want to make .
this is not the gold standard because if it was it would be hearthstone or something .
people do n't support it like they should because when buying power is removed gamers will not spend money .
if the customer base actually respected the deals they get from a free game then this could be the gold standard .
but until ggg is swimming in ducktales money pools no this is n't the gold standard .
it 's an example in a niche market that 's more sustainable than it is profitable .
edit how about everyone who down votes spends a dollar and help these guys out ?
i 'm fine with you guys disagreeing with/hating reality if that 's your thing but i 'm calling for supporting the developer and getting down voted .
i 've supported them what have you done to really show your support for a developer giving you guys what you always wanted ?
you guys as a collective love buying packs of digital cards everyone always says just sell aesthetic items '' and for ggg 's success there 's thousands of dead good guy '' companies .
so start supporting this model make it huge so the industry can change .
i would n't be sharing anything with the sister any time soon .
honestly i really do n't think people wan na know what the sick shit these people are doing .
if new mexico loses air force clinches the division .
if not albuquerque determines the mountain division next week .
i 'd just like to point out that this is n't even an accurate photo of behemoth behemoth does not curve at the bottom its just straight from the drop down .
i 'm not trying to be all r/hailcorporate but i do n't know why anybody uses any other dish soap .
everytime i try that either i die instantly or the spawns flip instantly .
i did not get an additional raise when the minimum wage went up .
do n't get me wrong comebacks are always nice .
but i prefer a competitive back and forth game til the end .
i forget how many ties and lead changes there were but it seemed like a lot .
if it did n't fucking die in 15 years chances are it 's going to be fine .
it is definitely a vocal minority that had issues with there 's of which i am a part of .
keep in mind that when people are dissatisfied they are more likely complain when they are satisfied they are more likely not going to bother saying anything because they are too busy enjoying their laptops .
a good majority of the issues people are having can be resolved by windows/driver/software/bios updates or they will be resolved as new updates are made available .
i 'm typing this on a xps 9550 and i absolutely love the thing .
the form factor build quality performance weight style and typing experience are all fantastic .
now with that said i have certainly had problems with mine .
i had a strange noise coming from the fan and it turns out there 's possibly something that got stuck in the fan .
i also have problems with the speakers sounding like crap and my spacebar does n't register keypresses if you press it down in the wrong spot .
i called dell and they offered a replacement unit and i do n't even have to wait to send mine back before i get it .
so there is a chance that you could run into problems but honestly most of the problems are relatively minor even the ones i 'm experiencing .
worst case scenario dell will exchange it if they ca n't resolve the problem or in the first 30 days you can return it .
my personal recommendation if you want the 4k screen is to just buy it at a microsoft store best or a best buy 2nd best .
that way if you have a problem you can just take it into the store to get it returned/replaced .
i wanted to be a smartass and post a super insensitive picture that people in jerusalem would find offensive but it turns out that there is nothing that people in jerusalem do n't find offensive .
naughton van dijk and one of the tottenham defenders .
west ham away is not an opponent you want to go balls deep against .
hold on you are telling me i can use the artillery while doing random stuff ?
i thought i could only use them to defend my settlements .
that sounds like cracked ... i loved cracked more than mad better art style to me but i would get both .
national lampoon would sneak in a nude every now and then so i would get those when i could .
i hope so i am gon na check in a bit !
i 've genuinely attempted to try to figure out what your point is but i just ca n't seem to find one .
the debate crowd smelled bad to me nothing he said sounded like he was detailing things he didnt have direct experience with .
how you react to his account is up to you .
personally and with the backing of many serious pundits and political writers i would like to see a lot more transparency to the dnc debate process .
you would have to be lobotomized to think they havent already done several scummy things to favor hillary packing the crowd would not be harder for them than what we already know theyve done .
did you watch them applauding when she said her wall street donations were because of 9/11 ?
i felt like my head was going to explode !
i said out loud what is wrong with you people ? ''
i do n't think you need to sell the stock .
just set a stop loss let the bull trend momentum run until it tips over and loses until the stop loss triggers .
sure you might lose a little gain at the very top but in the end you 'll still make a hefty profit .
do n't time it because no one can time it .
i 've been killed by it more times than i 'd like to admit .
i was laughing the whole time ... idk if that makes me a bad person or not .
how do we know it was actually a heart attack ?
what about microtransactions that are lower then a fee ... will you transmit that on a network ?
what if a person who you have channel open to did n't scam you and your channel is more important to you then the loss ...
well do n't you think it is a legitimate question ?
specially as many advocate for high blockchain fees that would ln unsuitable for micro transactions .
but to be fair i watch it for the gorgeous shitty actresses .
a lot these niggs in this sub are all over blizz dick and will take offense to the truth man
because my gta v version installation time is 19 hours.. and i dont wan na install again .
honestly the fact that everyone i seem to run into in person or see posting on facebook is so polarized about different issues .
there does n't seem to be any possibility of people having actual discussions .
riot said a while ago that there was n't gon na be a blood moon diana because blood moon skins were supposed to be based on ionian folk tales .
they actually sent more people to raid dotcom than osama .
absolutely bizarre he chased a rabbit underneath a parked truck near our garage .
he somehow managed to hit the base of his head on the transmission mount paralyzing him .
we were n't sure if he was going to be able to live a quality life or not for awhile .
originally it looked like the best case scenario was that he would be a three-legged dog for the rest of his life but thankfully an amazing vet was able to remove the ruptured disk .
he had to take some time to heal poor guy was in a harness and could n't stand on his own for a couple weeks .
one leg is still a little weak but he can run and jump and generally get along perfectly fine
in terms if daesh as ben franklin said we either hang together or hang separately '' .
if a war psychosis '' becomes installed it will divide us all .
on friday evening a suicide bomber blows himself up outside the stade de france national stadium in paris 's northern suburb of saint-denis during a friendly between france and germany .
a passerby is killed and french president francois hollande is promptly evacuated from the stadium .
two other suicide bombers blow themselves up in the coming 30 minutes outside the stadium .
at the same time in paris 's trendy 10th and 11th districts a jihadist commando carries out a deadly car ride opening fire on people sitting in bars and restaurants and killing at least 39 .
that summary was from ten hours ago i count four terrorist deaths by explosion but i have edited out the term ‘suicide bomber ' as it may offend some .
fox news once employed the term ‘homicide bomber ' which i find a silly redundancy .
apparently a male terrorist may have triggered the explosion inside of the apartment in st. denis but that could have been an accident too and so maybe it is true that
we have yet to see europe 's first suicide bomber .
or did you mean that none of these terrorists were native to europe ?
reports are that two of them appear to be recent arrivals via greece .
i do apologize to hasna aitboulahcen for calling her sociopathic .
what swayed me were the reports of her sudden conversion from ‘party girl to jihadi ' and the fact that she participated in the massacre of random defenseless people but i am not qualified to make that diagnosis .
i made a search for the difference between sociopath vs. psychopath .
i found that while psychologists no longer consider these terms interchangeable there a real consensus on how to define them either except as ‘anti-social ' disorders .
i found multiple contradictions of both your characterization and that of your cited source and the terminology is confusing enough so that i will avoid using the terms and substitute 'evil ' .
do you think these people are rational and justified in their actions ?
tonight i finished reading the zone of interest by martin amis a novel set in the nazi death camps .
in promoting the book amis has asserted the nazi ideology is completely inexplicable except as a vehicle for sadistic impulses .
however the nazis did make great efforts to hide their crimes and that implies some sense of guilt .
isis is proud to slit throats on the internet so i am even more certain that they enjoy it .
oh yeah i agree that overly aggressive cops are a part of gta .
i was just curious how you would go about programming a realistic cop because while it 's simple to program cop to respond lethally to every forceful action it seems like it would be extremely difficult to program a character that actually gave nuanced responses to their environment .
if you ever end up building something you might need it but other than that ...
i guess it could help you with not getting screwed over when paying for something occasionally .
that would be the coolest thing ever if they did some genesis covers !
but a deftones cover of in the air tonight ?
i feel like faith no more could do something interesting with this too .
for my name to go down in history or in some textbook .
i do n't care what for other than like killing a bunch of people .
i want people in 100 years in some meaningless gened to have to memorize my name for a final they 're cramming for .
looks good but turn off hps and use camera flash to get a picture with accurate colors .
when to flower depends on your working height how long you want a cycle to be and how much yield you 're after .
mine is jittering but it could be a software problem is the jitter is n't filtered .
as we 're in a bit of a feedback loop you 're incredibly condescending .
you 'd do well to work on that going forward .
if you go a little more north pottsville/cabarita might be good spots .
you can go inland a bit from there if you want to see mount warning the mount warning hotel was just rebuilt and there are cafes in the small town of uki with a view of the mountain
i didnt know subbing cost money and supported them i thought it was just to be another random number that didnt mean anything .
more like they want to shove it down consumer 's throats haha .
if you need to just create a shortcut to the exe file and place it wherever you want .
use is fairly straightforward it does n't need much of a user guide .
it has a small community and the plugins are a new feature so there are n't that many of them yet .
at the time i lived in a neighborhood next to the fork of a river .
we were in extreme drought and all the critters that lived down in the river beds were coming into the neighborhoods looking for food and water .
my neighbor found water moccasin in the trench drain at the end of his driveway .
their land was connected to that of other germans .
they just happened to live in a geographic are that also contained a lot of slavs .
if you want ethnic germans living in slavic lands look up the volga germans russlanddeutsche danube swabians crimean germans or carpatian germans .
it 's not that he 's just a sexual offender he was also in prison for manslaughter .
it 's unsettling as heck that he 's going to be in our community conditions or not .
i 'm just talking from opinion as well as cases similar to this in the province over the past few years
im sorry your going through this ... the best advice i can give is to run .
i only encountered them thought they were crazy moved on looking for my son .
but i started thinking that was they way they were surviving in the sea .
honestly it 's pretty hard to get a lot of deep sound out of 4.3 .
or at least that was my experience when i ran my blazer with no cat back for a day or two .
mkiv was common during the heresy on both sides .
some legions and some units within some legions tended to prefer older marks the world eaters had a thing for mkii and iii suits for example but generally they would all have been able to field a full army in mkiv .
mkv was cobbled together from bits and became an unofficial mark during the height of the heresy as parts for mkiv were getting hard to replace and the alpha legion and raven guard had lots of mkvi armour throughout the heresy .
at the very end mkvi was available to all legions due to the traitors over running mars and mkvii was being used exclusively by the loyalists the aquila emblem on the chest being a deliberate snub to the emperor 's children who had previously been the only legion permitted to wear it .
i 'm pretty hopeful that by the end of the decade texas will see some sort of marijuana rec or med .
you start drafting immigration policies based on your own ideological precepts you become no different than the religious fundamentalists you claim to be so much more enlightened than
you need to kill hush as it gives you 5,555 points now really missed out on those !
i had been wanting one when they first came out and then the reviews started coming out .
i had been hoping they would step up their game and address quality concerns but i am still seeing a lot of hit and miss stories out there .
i recently bought a mossy 930 spx since i giving up on the ksg .
for a majority of what i have read do n't think i will be disappointed .
i found this out the hard way in goodneighbor .
jumped off the balcony and had the whole town after me .
well it 's true i guess ... it could be constantly snowing ... that would suck .
if you let it touch the ground and you do n't wash it .
interiors are worse because there 's usually a lot of small objects or so i 'm told
if you receive an invite please reply to this message letting us know you are good to go .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/usenetinvites if you have any questions or concerns .
they will not be happy when they hear about master-slave flip flops .
on a slightly more serious note i can remember when i first came across the term in the '70s and noticing the pattern of names they chose for the machines on their network and concluding that some of these people lived in their own special world .
today quite a few of them would fall into the very serious category of star wars fans .
great when he goes to jail im sure hell have fun with the forced labour and forced organ harvesting that happens in chinese prisons .
the giant is way easy imo way easier than der reise
i want to tongue that ass hole deep baby girl
i really want to see an episode of shield with killgrave dealing with daisy and the rest of them .
from what i understand as soon as you smoke thc is floating around your body .
your hair grows constantly which means that the hair right below the root at that time will collect the thc to a minor degree and will stay with that section of hair as it grows .
considering the time it 's been i would say that portion of your hair has gone above ground and would be part of what is tested .
at this point your best chance of passing is if the marijuana was n't terribly strong and the thc content in your hair is so low it does n't fail you .
i do n't know how strict they are with the amount needed to fail so maybe someone else can shine some light on that .
some turns may only take a second or two but i do n't think there 's anything wrong with having the option of taking a few minutes to think over crucial moments .
the only crack worked for me is here http unlimitedhack.net/football-manager-2016-crack-serial-number the only crack worked for me is here http unlimitedhack.net/football-manager-2016-crack-serial-number the only crack worked for me is here http unlimitedhack.net/football-manager-2016-crack-serial-number
the only crack worked for me is here http unlimitedhack.net/football-manager-2016-crack-serial-number
the only crack worked for me is here http unlimitedhack.net/football-manager-2016-crack-serial-number
the only crack worked for me is here http unlimitedhack.net/football-manager-2016-crack-serial-number the only crack worked for me is here http unlimitedhack.net/football-manager-2016-crack-serial-number the only crack worked for me is here http unlimitedhack.net/football-manager-2016-crack-serial-number the only crack worked for me is here http unlimitedhack.net/football-manager-2016-crack-serial-number
the only crack worked for me is here http unlimitedhack.net/football-manager-2016-crack-serial-number
the only crack worked for me is here http unlimitedhack.net/football-manager-2016-crack-serial-number
the only crack worked for me is here http unlimitedhack.net/football-manager-2016-crack-serial-number the only crack worked for me is here http unlimitedhack.net/football-manager-2016-crack-serial-number the only crack worked for me is here http unlimitedhack.net/football-manager-2016-crack-serial-number the only crack worked for me is here http unlimitedhack.net/football-manager-2016-crack-serial-number
the only crack worked for me is here http unlimitedhack.net/football-manager-2016-crack-serial-number
the only crack worked for me is here http unlimitedhack.net/football-manager-2016-crack-serial-number
the only crack worked for me is here http unlimitedhack.net/football-manager-2016-crack-serial-number the only crack worked for me is here http unlimitedhack.net/football-manager-2016-crack-serial-number the only crack worked for me is here http unlimitedhack.net/football-manager-2016-crack-serial-number the only crack worked for me is here http unlimitedhack.net/football-manager-2016-crack-serial-number
the only crack worked for me is here http unlimitedhack.net/football-manager-2016-crack-serial-number
the only crack worked for me is here http unlimitedhack.net/football-manager-2016-crack-serial-number
the only crack worked for me is here http unlimitedhack.net/football-manager-2016-crack-serial-number
the only crack worked for me is here http unlimitedhack.net/football-manager-2016-crack-serial-number the only crack worked for me is here http unlimitedhack.net/football-manager-2016-crack-serial-number the only crack worked for me is here http unlimitedhack.net/football-manager-2016-crack-serial-number
the only crack worked for me is here http unlimitedhack.net/football-manager-2016-crack-serial-number
the only crack worked for me is here http unlimitedhack.net/football-manager-2016-crack-serial-number
the only crack worked for me is here http unlimitedhack.net/football-manager-2016-crack-serial-number the only crack worked for me is here http unlimitedhack.net/football-manager-2016-crack-serial-number the only crack worked for me is here http unlimitedhack.net/football-manager-2016-crack-serial-number the only crack worked for me is here http unlimitedhack.net/football-manager-2016-crack-serial-number
the only crack worked for me is here http unlimitedhack.net/football-manager-2016-crack-serial-number
the only crack worked for me is here http unlimitedhack.net/football-manager-2016-crack-serial-number
the only crack worked for me is here http unlimitedhack.net/football-manager-2016-crack-serial-number the only crack worked for me is here http unlimitedhack.net/football-manager-2016-crack-serial-number the only crack worked for me is here http unlimitedhack.net/football-manager-2016-crack-serial-number the only crack worked for me is here http unlimitedhack.net/football-manager-2016-crack-serial-number
the only crack worked for me is here http unlimitedhack.net/football-manager-2016-crack-serial-number
the only crack worked for me is here http unlimitedhack.net/football-manager-2016-crack-serial-number
the only crack worked for me is here http unlimitedhack.net/football-manager-2016-crack-serial-number the only crack worked for me is here http unlimitedhack.net/football-manager-2016-crack-serial-number the only crack worked for me is here http unlimitedhack.net/football-manager-2016-crack-serial-number the only crack worked for me is here http unlimitedhack.net/football-manager-2016-crack-serial-number
the only crack worked for me is here http unlimitedhack.net/football-manager-2016-crack-serial-number
the only crack worked for me is here http unlimitedhack.net/football-manager-2016-crack-serial-number
the only crack worked for me is here http unlimitedhack.net/football-manager-2016-crack-serial-number
jb marginally beating dc in a sprint race in a xbow .
i played only two full game of draft since release .
collection material probably the drop from the wraith in malchor 's
but if you 're talking about regular mats i bought just about everything or i had what i needed already
i guess getting the crystalline ore and ley line sparks can take a while but i already had most of them from doing chak gerent runs w guilds and doing ds for a while for achievements
ok thanks a lot if you have any experience with this site you can tell me more
ok look ... what he just said is bullshit .
do n't listen to this weirdo.. this motherfucker talks to himself .
it seems you already have leoric abathur sonya and probably valla .
if you have uther too and like the angelic valla/judgement uther skin you could just buy the world championship bundle the discount is 60 .
but he was happy that she was even wearing it in the first place so for now he 'll walk up to her to observe .
okay but next time i ask you to walk towards me you must do it .
it 's still halloween night so it 's a good time as any to wear this around town . ''
i was n't playing at the time but when derby were in the pl ?
i think it 's all a matter of balancing .
for example there could be a high grade weapon spawn in the camp but no ammunition .
we also have to take into account that on 1.0 release the cities will be swarming with infected so your chance of running in and grab everything will be much smaller .
additionally given that there are about 8 major cities in chernarus you have a 1/8 chance there 's an active camp where you spawned .
and an even lesser chance it 's not looted already .
or you know you could say what actually happened in a way that makes people not automatically dismiss whatever you say as being butthurt .
not that i know what happened just the way you put it makes you sound like not the best person to listen to if you want to know both sides or the full story .
could be post nasal drip causing inflaming in your throat .
the pilot is not the best guide to the prophets as they are portrayed in later seasons .
i can only speculate that they were deliberately playing dumb to force sisko to examine his own existence and gain a better understanding of nonlinear time himself .
all of the states '' are terrorist organizations at heart so yeah ...
it 's called honest coaches '' may ronda should look into that .
i quoted that directly from an article but we can do the math ourselves if you like .
the numbers will vary depending on the year used as a source the population quoted here has already grown by another 10 million in just 6 years for example .
estimated total number of firearms belonging to civilians in the united states in 2009 310 million while there was an estimated 309 million residents in the same year. 1 estimated percentage of civilian adults who own firearms in the united states is between 30-37 in roughly only 13 of households according to several surveys. 2,3 the nra claims that their membership now is over 5 million due-paying members although this is disputed as being a very high estimate. 4
based on this math you have roughly 92 million gun owners owning an average of 3.34 guns each .
it 's easy to see how small the amount of nra members are in comparison .
the biggest issue of course is that there is no database of guns currently owned in the united states and no database of americans who own guns .
so there is a lot of discrepancies or estimations based on what survey you look at who is do the estimations and the factors involved for example many reports do n't take into consideration the number of guns that are destroyed per year but they do look at gun manufacturer gun sales etc in order to make their estimates .
i tried my best to demonstrate that there is no solid number only a range of estimates on gun ownership .
hell we do n't even have a concrete number on actual nra members either .
oooh i did n't see there is no link between ricohet and far shot .
1 chain without damage reduction just by itself will still be broken for proj coc .
in that case i will take powerful precision for the last two nodes .
i 'll use my drillneck and lioneyes vision to have 95 crit with a quil rain .
at least half the money you 're paying is used to get rid of characters from the pact of truth as opposed to being able to use them lol .
to me that most certainly is n't worth the price just to play as a few characters because let 's face it if you have every character you 're really only going to use the best ones .
a big part of the game to me was starting off modestly and gradually building up a good squad .
for this reason i have a fondness for b and a characters who helped me progress like kuscah ba'gunar grace and samupi .
if you start off with every character available for use there 's very little reason to bother with most b and a class adventurers without physical attack x1.5 .
but of course if you 're a player who already beat the current content and just want to skip ahead to owning all characters this is n't a bad deal .
now this would be a very different story if this account also had six of every ss and s otomo maxed out ...
why ca n't you workout with your family once or twice a week ?
so how does this mpx thing work with amex prg airline reimbursement ?
i am new to churning and the posts in this group have helped me a lot .
please correct me if i am wrong in the steps to be followed
set united as the airline in the prg airline credit offers section .
download mileage plus x app and buy amazon gift card for 100 .
get 3x mr points as the purchase is coded as airline and 100 credit for that get 2 united miles per dollar spent through mpx .
can anyone also confirm if this is still working or not ?
should i purchase only amazon gcs or any other gc on mpx is fine ?
once you have secured permanent residency you 're on your way to obtaining that shiny citizenship !
i need to point out that there 's no need or rush to go for citizenship which greatly simplifies your lengthy process .
many overseas singaporeans are plenty happy to stay permanent residents in their new country and remain singapore citizens which awards you the majority of the benefits of citizenship the singapore passport is awesome .
permanent residence is also typically not difficult to get between 2-5 years after working at said country .
you 'll want to eventually think about citizenship but do n't let that discourage you there 's no compelling reason to rush into it and by the time you want it you should have fulfilled residency requirements as a pr .
not yet but i am still working on it .
i have been writing other python tutorials on smaller subjects to build skill at this sort of thing .
i think season 5 was good i liked it a lot .
season 6 was a bit boring but still quite good and i enjoyed it .
the only thing i hate about this show is skins fire .
i want whoever dies by negan to be random just like the comics .
regardless of what lapis did before or during the war her powers would make her an extremely high priority target .
the crystal gems fought to protect life on earth .
lapis ' powers make her not only a terrifying enemy for your armies but an existential threat to the very life forms you 're fighting to protect .
her ability to monkey around with large bodies of water means that if and when she fights she 's not just killing your soldiers she 's killing earth 's biosphere .
let her fight for too long and you 've lost no matter how powerful your own soldiers are because she 's destroyed the very thing you were fighting for in the first place .
taken in that context it does n't matter what lapis did or did n't do up to that point .
she had to be dealt with and i 'm betting rose realized this and ordered a hit on her .
but maybe the assassins failed to get the job done and lapis was left poofed and cracked .
so rose either taking pity on lapis or hedging her bets that she might be useful later decided to put her in a mirror and handed it off to pearl who she knew would never question any directives that came from her .
not to date myself and relevancy matters and all ... .but i saw eric frickin clapton 3 rows back from his ass wearing white socks with a black suit ... 70 bucks .
quite the opposite you behaved the way mature men behave do n't you forget that .
on top of your list i suggest to try the skill preview and choose whoever fits your playing style .
at the end of the day enjoyability will still play a big factor .
for example getting in a plane and discovering '' america ai n't that snazzy .
i was under the impression it was because he was jewish .
it 's just a shame because it really appears as though lahm slipped and took him out completely by accident and he still overreacts .
black market forex is funny you get more if your bills are new and crisp .
in fact most will not accept really used bills .
if you do a lot of international travel load up on new bills from a bank .
in an effort to reduce the amount of spam in r/books this post was removed because your account is less than 1 day old we get a lot of spam from newly created accounts .
since you look new to reddit please be sure you have read through our subreddit rules http www.reddit.com/r/books/wiki/rules before participating in the community .
if you have any questions or think your post should be reinstated please message the mods http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fbooks .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/books if you have any questions or concerns .
what if earth was inhabited by intelligent slugs that dont have bones to leave fossils behind ?
the comrade responsible for st. marys street has done the party proud again .
he 's talking about game mechanics while you 're talking about real life .
i assume the mod op is using that removes the wastelands also adds a new continent for australia so it 's separate from oceania and adds a new colonial region for papua normally there is n't one there .
it 's pretty ez it took me 23 attempts to verify and did n't take that long to make so yea also sry for the stereo madness music i forgot to add music to it
send a message so that i can invite you to the game .
we need to gmo modify the trees so they can emit wifi signal .
crazy shout outs to everyone who keeps this sub going the mods to daily posters tournament organizers and brand new players introducing themselves .
here 's three times the amount of community colors i normally drop ...
ftl used to run perfectly but now it does not it starts up then it tanks everything on my system .
everything responds sluggishly for a minute then ftl shuts down without any error message .
so i got the sp4 i7 in and there is a some pretty good lightbleed right by where the typecover hooks in .
i have heard people talking about lightbleed but i have a question .
when i rub my finger against that area gently its like its more sensitive than any other part of the screen .
its like it has no protective glass on it at all in that spot .
this has been going through my mind for rather a while now .
but i was wondering was it ever stated in either the manga or the anime as to in which year or decade the main bulk of the story takes place in ?
i always thought that it was very likely set in early 2000s but there are also some tidbits that have made me think it could be set in the 80s or even 90s though admittedly i have only recently started to slowly re-watch the anime but i have n't read the manga since atleast 2011-2012 .
my clan house barbarian has a good group of loyal active players now and we have been really successful in war won 5 in a row and 9 of last 10 but we are still low on numbers so we are looking for any level to join in and war with us .
we can offer pretty good troops max loons and max hogs lvl 4 golems lavahound lvl 3 pekka and we are very active with donations !
this is an automatic summary original http www.csmonitor.com/usa/2015/1121/where-marijuana-is-legal-complaints-rise-about-the-smell reduced by 69 .
a washington post survey found that in some city wards nearly 70 percent of people smell marijuana smoke at least once a month during their perambulations and 1 in 3 people smell it every day just a year after the city legalized it for recreational use and personal possession though not sales .
colorado which in 2012 was the first state to legalize recreational marijuana has seen odor complaints rise with 30 percent of such complaints now regarding pot in denver .
research also shows the smell of smoke and budding marijuana flowers hasn 039 t negatively impacted support for legal marijuana among americans .
the upshot is that marijuana arrests plummeted with only seven people being arrested this year in d.c. for pot compared to over 1,200 such arrests in 2013 .
concerns about children getting access and their exposure to second-hand smoke as well as other the societal effects of marijuana still run deep in some parts of the country .
quot six months ago our neighborhood smelled like a neighborhood and now it smells like someone is holding up a package of marijuana to your face. quot neighbor bart axelman told the denver post .
summary source http smmry.com/http www.csmonitor.com/usa/2015/1121/where-marijuana-is-legal-complaints-rise-about-the-smell faq http www.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot version 1.6 12975 summaries so far . ''
theory http www.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31bfht/theory_autotldr_concept feedback http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 23autotldr pms and comment replies are read by the bot admin constructive feedback is welcome . ''
top five keywords marijuana 1 smell 2 pot 3 people 4 legalize 5
post found in r/marijuana http np.reddit.com/r/marijuana/comments/3tqa0q/where_marijuana_is_legal_complaints_rise_about and r/anythinggoesnews http np.reddit.com/r/anythinggoesnews/comments/3tq9sb/where_marijuana_is_legal_complaints_rise_about .
notice this thread is for discussing the submission topic only .
do not discuss the concept of the autotldr http www.reddit.com/user/autotldr bot here .
i just got a 49 key novation impulse and it 's great except the keys are quite quiet in terms of velocity .
even if i press them as hard as i can it is n't nearly as loud as if i simply turn the velocity curve off .
i 've tried all 4 of the velocity curves that come with the keyboard but they all sound exactly the same which makes me think that there must be some sort of software interference .
no matter what velocity curve i choose i ca n't get anywhere near the sound of full velocity no matter how hard i hit the keys .
quite fond of the chikage but if this weapon turns out to be more sabre like than the chikage i 'm gon na be all over it .
or any weapon that turns out to be more like a sabre .
so at my local food store there are hot pepper on sale but they have n't ripen yet .
could i buy them and somehow make 'em ripe ?
simply wondering if it 's better for melee krieg to start in the mania tree or the bloodsplosion tree forget what it 's called .
i just killed saturn and hit level 31 so i 've gone down the mania tree so far but i 'm wondering if for levelling it 's better to have release the beast or bloodsplosion .
as someone who played sniper zero twice anarchy gaige with a jakobs and infinite ammo and tiny bit of maya and axton krieg is sort of a whole new experience to me but his action skill appeals to me the most so i 'm trying to get into him .
hey i 'm looking for an oil that can help with moisture and has anti-inflammatory properties and that can possibly reduce redness .
i have a lot of redness on my cheeks .
i have been to the doctor for possible rosacea but he does n't think i have it .
i tried to get a second opinion which backfired because the doctor that i went to was under the supervision of my current doctor lol .
but at this point he prescribed me metro cream .
i used it for a while and it seemed to work but i stopped because it is very drying and i feel like i need to work on repairing my skin barrier .
i am going to try to get a referral for a dermatologist but i already had to fight for my metro cream so its probably going to be another fight for a derm referral .
when i blush i get super hot and red .
my skin feels like its shrinking and it just looks super horrible and red .
this only happens on my cheeks and it happens more on my right cheek than my left cheek .
but overall my forehead is also very dry and if i do n't moisturizer immediately after showering or washing my face i can feel it on my forehead .
my skin also burns sometimes and it gets itchy .
current routine wash face with water day and night and apply aveeno body lotion .
honestly i have been using that lotion because i was just desperate and the colloidal oatmeal seems to be helping a ton .
other than that i do n't use anything else .
current conditions hypothyrodism which i know contributes to my dry skin .
i was looking into the following oils but i am opened to other recommendations
i would like the oil to be light enough to wear during the day without making me look like a disco ball .
i read in here that its a natural astringent and its causes capillaries to contract reducing redness
i have previously used mineral oil which i do n't like .
i feel like it breaks me out and leaves me looking extra oily .
i have also used jojoba oil which did n't do anything for me .
cardinals fan coming over to say you guys are bad at football and look funny .
i recently took a job as a fire alarm technician after 10 years as fabrication supervisor at reliable automatic sprinkler .
i 'm used to leading 10-13 grown men in a production environment with the sprinkler fab side of things cutting grinding welding and repairing machines older than most of us combined .
enter 2015 i was forced to move on from the fabrication side of things and tried to use my experience to stay within the industry .
i 've been an alarm technician apprentice in the denver area since late august .
can anyone recommend some tools or techniques that are not common but nice to have ?
any way to pull wire through a flex to box 90 without cutting out the box ?
then after i killed them i got killed by a legendary bloatfly .
the tv option is enabled but when i click it it just go back to the movie screen and it does not start in my tv like youtube app does .
i spent an entire day in greenbelt mall and could n't finish walking the complex .
edit i know that some driver-for-hire provide their own business card .
does anyone have a good referral for a driver ?
today i discovered buck and ruckus can get into the enemys spawn using ruckus 's hover and bucks leap .
in my recent games i tried to go for a precrown and i achieved one .
then i wanted to go for the actual crowning to be prepared for the tower of eternal flames .
so i offered 80000 gold 3 artifacts monster sacrifices on d2 in a short time period but i did n't even reach favors you '' status .
i was trying this with a high elven archer at l and lvl 18 .
is the actual crowning always this difficult after a precrowning ?
well when will the creators actually introduce a new love interest to finn ?
or they 're going to go back with pb x finn .
i hope they would introduce someone new and make it permanent so i do n't have to go through much feels again .
so i bought dayz in september and i now have like 60h in the game i know locations ect but where are zombies ?
when i was watching a friend playing he had to deal with them and i did n't saw a single one even in big coast cities .
and i keep getting killed buy people dsync'ed with a axe .
my friends and i all have to take turns rotating out while playing tdm or hc tdm and some of the other game modes because the pre-join lobby only allows 4 people and we have 5 .
while i do understand why this is i 'm also seeing premade groups of 5 or 6 in those same game modes all running the same clan tag .
now my question is how can i have a premade group of 5 like i 've been seeing in most of my lobbies ?
edit i 'm talking about public match lobbies having a cap of 4 friends invited prior to queuing up .
according to imdb http www.imdb.com/title/tt2243973/trivia david tennant auditioned for the role of hannibal in nbc 's hannibal .
i guess now we have an idea what that might have been like .
after going through dozens of novels i found myself enjoying light-hearted gary-stu comedy .
i switched to the chinese raws after a couple of chapters .
i 've read other mainstream ones such as overlord/kumodesuga/slime/deathmarch/arifutera and enjoyed most of them too .
i 'm looking for longer fantasy novels with acceptable translations wuxia/knovels/fanfiction and even regular books are fine by me .
i 'm building a bridge '' matx build with the idea to reevaluate on the cpu/gpu side when the fun toys of 2016/2017 roll around aka 14/16nm .
for the build i can salvage a few bits and pieces here and there from my old desktop .
i 'm also near a microcenter so i should be able to take advantage of their black friday sale when they drop .
i 'm mostly settled on most of these things but my biggest question is on the cpu .
i do n't want to spend much and do n't care at all about upgradability .
so i have two builds below one from amd the other from intel .
my main goal for this build is moderate gaming current games at medium-high-ish at 1080 and general computing .
i do n't want a mega-beast but do n't want to slum it too hard .
i do n't care about upgrade path as i intend fully to upgrade mobo/cpu/gpu with the new generation .
the liquid cooler which i understand is overkill for this build specifically is something that i will want for my upcoming build .
i want to be able to have the entire skeleton of the build here .
i know am3 is dead but so is 1150 .
see my first point as to why i do n't care .
pcpartpicker part list http pcpartpicker.com/p/fqrm99 price breakdown by merchant http pcpartpicker.com/p/fqrm99/by_merchant
memory samsung 8gb 2 x 4gb ddr3-1600 memory http pcpartpicker.com/part/samsung-memory-mv3v4g3dus purchased for 0.00
storage western digital caviar black 1tb 3.5 '' 7200rpm internal hard drive http pcpartpicker.com/part/western-digital-internal-hard-drive-wdbaaz0010hncnrsn purchased for 0.00
power supply seasonic 650w 80 gold certified fully-modular atx power supply http pcpartpicker.com/part/seasonic-power-supply-ss650km3 purchased for 0.00
monitor asus vh238h 23.0 '' monitor http pcpartpicker.com/part/asus-monitor-vh238h purchased for 0.00
pcpartpicker part list http pcpartpicker.com/p/rgdzpg price breakdown by merchant http pcpartpicker.com/p/rgdzpg/by_merchant
memory samsung 8gb 2 x 4gb ddr3-1600 memory http pcpartpicker.com/part/samsung-memory-mv3v4g3dus purchased for 0.00
storage western digital caviar black 1tb 3.5 '' 7200rpm internal hard drive http pcpartpicker.com/part/western-digital-internal-hard-drive-wdbaaz0010hncnrsn purchased for 0.00
power supply seasonic 650w 80 gold certified fully-modular atx power supply http pcpartpicker.com/part/seasonic-power-supply-ss650km3 purchased for 0.00
monitor asus vh238h 23.0 '' monitor http pcpartpicker.com/part/asus-monitor-vh238h purchased for 0.00
i 'd like to enable this to take a server into 'offline ' play but it 's not in the server configuration or in the spaceengineers-dedicated.cfg file .
does anyone know if i can just write clientcansave true clientcansave '' or something like that in the cfg file ? ?
i gave you clothes food a place to sleep .
during the first few days and weeks i thought we had a great friendship .
i thought you were a respectful and caring guy who appreciated everything i had done for him .
over time our friendship seemed to take a sexual turn .
you started to make advances said things did things .
but every time i turned around to accept them you pulled away laughing and telling me you were n't gay but straight and only joking around .
you flirted flaunted teased touched me and every time i did the same back you would get angry and tell me you were straight .
i kicked you out said a lot of nasty things to you .
i 'll apologize for what i said but not what i did .
you deserved to be kicked back to the streets for the shit you were doing .
you sit there on your ass spreading lies about me complaining about me saying how i disowned you ?
if memory serves i think the title of it is called russian anal '' .
the video starts off with a guy and a girl riding around a park/garden on a motorcycle .
then they stopped at a white shed then they start foreplaying .
after that camera pans to another building showing a brunette doing yoga .
she then goes over to the white shed joining the couple .
as far as i know they only did anal .
hi everyone i use the pin lock for my phone and always have .
recently within the last day or 2 i will go to unlock my phone as normal and the screen lock will have changed by itself to the swipe setting instead of the pin .
even after changing it back it will continue to do this .
he will often be talking to me when i notice him looking at me i do like him and find him attractive .
often when i look up at him i see that he is looking at my face .
when i look back at him and i 'm drawn to his eyes so for at least 10 seconds we are staring directly into each others eyes before i shyly look away he still keeps staring at me .
it does n't get awkward or anything it 's odd we are just frozen there not saying anything.this happens every single time we talk to each other it also happens more than once .
i have never experienced this what does this mean ?
channeling my inner larry the cable guy to say goodbye to vitter .
i met a cute girl 23 on vacation to the philippines .
i 'm wondering what i should say when she or i get mad ?
how would you resolve the conflict and/or misunderstanding because her english is ok but sometimes she does n't understand .
i 'm looking for an older video perhaps 4 or 5 years ago was when i saw it last .
but it 's 4 people in the downstairs of a two level apartment .
the main couple a super buff army looking guy and small super hot girl start making out and touching each other in front of the other couple .
things heat up and they end up fucking in front of the other couple .
meanwhile the other couple fuck nearby while a 5th person male films it all .
seems to be truly amateur but who really knows .
link to video if anyone can come up with it .
visit the new queue https www.reddit.com/r/heat/new for highlights from u/sqectre
big time game from wade crosses the 19,000 point mark and into top 50 all time scorers
i did n't get home until the end of the 3rd so i 'm going to pretend everything prior to that did n't happen .
i 'm a big fan of dry rubbed ribs .
i just got a masterbuilt electric and have a slab a baby backs seasoned and resting in the fridge for tomorrow morning .
is it necessary to put any kind of sauce on smoked ribs to keep moisture ?
i had planned to smoke for 2 hours unwrapped .
wrap them and spray some acv and smoke for another 2 hours .
my brother and i use the same computer and we both play cs go .
when i log in i automatically get all his settings changes such as sensitivity .
this means every time i log in i have to change the settings back .
it has to wait until the file is done playing to be able to play again through the click function .
what am i doing wrong how do i fix this ?
i am really new to this whole credit thing and i try to not ask dumb questions in general so please forgive me if this is common knowledge .
about nine months ago i had zero credit history always just paid cash .
i finally dumped bofa for my local credit union and got a 750 secured card in the process .
for the first two months i maxed out my 750 limit and paid it off no problem but then i signed up for credit karma and it warned me about keeping a utilization less than 30 .
since that time i have kept my usage to 30 and got a car loan .
my scores were 610 before car loan 655 afterwards where they have stayed for four months .
last month i accidently went over 30 i think maybe 38 or so and it took three points off my scores .
i do n't understand why this had such an immediate effect on my scores and how this squares up against various reward programs .
i feel like 70 of my credit could be earning rewards ...
as a followup on that i just got approved for the amazon store card and i had intended to sign up for either a chase freedom citi double cash or amex blue cash ... . but i have 8 credit inquiry already from the auto loan process and comcast/tmobile after moving last year .
i do n't know if i should add more hard pulls while trying to get another card or just wait until some of them fall off .
my wife and i could really take advantage of the cash back on gas/groceries but we do have long term goals of getting a house and dont want to make our admittedly poor credit take even longer to improve .
and damn these settlers are super racist ... but i tried sending a guy from tenpines bluff to the slog as his new home and he said something to the effect of like hell i will ! ''
the only thing i could do was kill him .
i tried this again with another human settler same thing happened .
i noticed the shield k1 is going on sale and i had a few questions pertaining to pc games .
i want to play ff14 and i was wondering if my computer had to be able to run it or does the shield play it on it 's hardware ?
if i play on the tablet can someone play with me on the laptop while i use the shield to play ?
and what do you guys use for a charger ?
if i buy a game on the shield does it need to be on my computer ?
how well do the games play on the shield ?
i 've been so excited for mhx ever since i heard the initial concept of bushido style i mean a style of hunting that rewards the player for dodging at the right time ?
but honestly the thing i wanted to say about bushido is that the game series needed it all along .
maybe it 's cause i 'm one of those scrubs that likes dark souls or maybe it 's that i 'm jealous because charge blade already had bushido in mh4u .
maybe it 's because i like the raw feeling of going toe-to-toe with a monster instead of backing off when it rears up to attack .
maybe it 's because i 'm disappointed that evasion+3 has a bad rep because the general population does n't hunt that particular way and the fact that even with evasion you 'll still get hit because of bad frame data .
charge blade is so cool in mh4u and so powerful because it already had the basic concept of bushido in guard points you anticipate an attack and take action to negate it .
charge blade can play so offensively yet stay in the monster 's face because of this .
and yeah bushido is probably gon na be powerful as it should be .
i personally could n't care less if using bushido did something as ridiculous as halving the player 's armor because that playstyle just appeals to me .
it 's not for everyone though but i 'm so so so glad that this game will have more options than ever for players to hunt as they see fit .
i levelled my farming skill i am now level 91 .
chorong was supposed to be in the episode but she is nowhere to be found after i forwarded and skipped the video .
i killed 3 boss monsters called to'kash the bloodchiller and a skeletal horde in daemonheim .
notice your spine and its individually its different parts along its long road .
the middle right before the ribcage starts or right before your sternum
the spine behind your chest and all the meat between that part of the spin and the ribcage/chest .
the flat area your colorbone creates with your shoulders with your spine darting out from but your body into your throat
keep this awareness of your body along with the rest of your senses .
stay in every moment by noticing the subtle changes that are bound to change in your physical body .
as a practice session for quieter mediation sessions try some music .
notice how you go from following the beat with the melody with your ears and when you 're in your world thinking about something else .
revert back to your senses to stay in the moment .
but do n't try to do it because your ears are always working just calm down and listen .
i can achieve this by being close or on top of the speakers .
stay in the moment by feeling yourself vibrate with the vibrations the speakers create at such a close level .
now visuals can be achieved by turning off all the lights and using a candle .
also you can try pretending this gif is playing/dancing to your music .
the longer you look at it the more you seem to notice haha just keep it all in focus and imagine the cat is playing a shooting game and the music is playing to it or something its a lot of fun http giphy.com/gifs/cat-lasers-cucumber-3oeduqasycjkqh2xsi
to know what mediation can give you need to understand what it is .
you 'll have to find your own real meaning .
i 'm literally just some chump but i 'll give you what i think it is and my motivation
and you go on and trample down this forest .
maybe initially in your life in search of food .
well you 're an animal you learn the few steps you have to take in your stay in this forest which is just where you are in this world and you know you where the water hole is along with the apple tree .
you do more then get food and clean yourself .
you may feel a certain way create standards and start saying no to yourself in life to restrict your actions .
i think the hardest part is not realizing when you 're in a pattern .
i want to be in control of myself at all times .
it took hurting people i loved to realize i have laid down a path in my part of the jungle leading to a lion pride .
so i revisit the path to the place of negativity in head and i physically tell myself that i wo n't be doing negative things anymore .
confident in myself that i will stand to my word i leave the area never to return .
what this does in the now metaphorical jungle is it 's like placing a do not enter sign or a boarded up wall there mentally .
because you created the pattern of putting in energy into saying no and also going to another road instead of dwelling which can be achieved by just paying attention to your reality made by your senses .
the entrance to the bad behavior path is just in your head .
meditation helps you revert back to the path that your senses lend to you at any given moment through which you achieve control of yourself while upholding your own standards whatever you choose they may be .
remember that your own personal jungle is affected by everything .
if you wake up in your cave without opening your eyes or without light and you hear crickets you get the sliver of nighttime atmosphere from the crickets .
if you hear three little birds you get the sliver of daylight just through ears .
maybe you feel the cold of waking up from a warm sweat inducing blanket to the chill of the morning ?
when we 're happy we tend to have a gung ho kind of mentality to achieve that happiness of yesterday again today with less effort .
so the brain starts filtering out some senses out lazyiness .
patterns everywhere that can be broken by mediation to reveal anything you might be missing .
you should n't ever try to hear or feel or listen to any vibration .
you just have to look up from what you have in your mental pocket .
like for example you can have a destination in your pocket .
if youre really trying to go from your second floor room to the basement right now wherever the basement is in your mental jungle you 're already there .
so when youre passing your significant other in the first floor you completely do n't see them because youre not actually there .
if you want to decide that seeing all there is in between matters then you can use meditation to acheive that awareness .
i do this because i want to see the light from my significant others light up their immediate area usually the room their in .
simple question can i immerse myself in a vr experience with windows osx using a gear vr headset ?
this is a spin-off '' post from the ronaldo by ronaldo https www.reddit.com/r/footballmanagergames/comments/3tsrn1/ronaldo_by_ronaldo post .
i was initially thinking about adding these there but decided on going for something separate as they 're different topics .
here are the careers from some of the most famous players who joined the ranks of pampilhosa over time helping me bringing them from portugal 's third division to 5 premier league titles in a row .
ok most of them did n't really help all that much but it was still fun having'em on the team .
andrés iniesta http images.akamai.steamusercontent.com/ugc/576820758903824473/ee41fb4950c3f930ee0f41c07504856d680274f2 once played him as a goalkeeper in a cup final since all my other keepers were injured ... and we won the game .
he has also changed his mind about retiring 3 years in a row .
marco verratti http images.akamai.steamusercontent.com/ugc/576820758903825063/83bb9f6d7004c2a8152a6f779adfae61f7ccf3d6 still one of my best players
steven gerrard http images.akamai.steamusercontent.com/ugc/576820758903825760/c7656ee35f9175e2fb19a97c3ba51ead45f669a7 he 's now my youth team 's assistant manager
where i can find a high quality bumper case for shield tablet k1 ?
seems like many are available but do n't know about their qualities .
i just downloaded pokemon zeta on my mac and wanted to play but each boxes of the game that are supposed to contain text remain blank with no text inside no matter what i do i have redownloaded the game to try again bu it does the same thing does anyone have any idea to help me ?
i know it is possible to hear footsteps from around corners but i really suck at it .
especialy when the music at the end of a match starts playing .
the bends ok computer in rainbows all suggest this .
based on this original post https www.reddit.com/r/phillyunion/comments/3ov6qo/rphillyunion_philadelphia_union_player_evaluations lets objectively evaluate maurice edu .
evaluate how the u should proceed with the player going forward
for a complete list of past and future 2015 player evaluations click here https redd.it/3qctbh
does anyone know how to turn on tv captions after nxoe update ?
the oxoe old xbox one experience had the ability to turn on tv captions by pressing the right button on the media remote .
i am using the ota tuner in france european version for a year now and rely on having the tv captions to read the french language .
there has to be a way to turn the captions back on after the update please help me with this .
sei que nao tem nada haver com o assunto mas alguem me sabe dizer um site onde possa ver as iniciativas em portugal tipo jornais e assim principalmente de banda desenhada mas tambem de outras coisas ?
this cpu was chosen to prolong the life of the system as this chip should be able to run games well into the future .
2x gtx 580 one reference evga the other is an msi twin frozr with an aftermarket zotac cooler
dual psu setup one psu powers the cpu etc and the graphics cards are shared between the two .
the reason i chose this bizarre setup is to drumroll ... ... ... ... . save money !
the case is a hideous old antec server thing with the the front panel door missing .
if i find a buyer i can happily make whatever modifications are requested just for the cost of parts replacing case dual power supplies with a single more powerful one etc .
the pc is a hideous frankenstein 's monster but performance is fantastic for the money .
i 'm not set on selling quite yet but i 'm curious what it could be worth .
so i just got my 4th 320 ghost shell from match prizes not ranks and was wondering if there is any reports of high light level drops other than ghost shells ?
just asking in order to check if i should keep farming thanks
i recently fell in love with trap/drill and more specifically with slower tracks in which the vocals are partly or mostly super low pitched i hope you know what i mean otherwise the intro of speed trap by joyryde https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=umse56rhaow should give you an idea what i 'm looking for !
i hope you guys have some tracks handy for me/us to enjoy !
so i was silenced in overwatch for flaming a teamate which is totally understandable my conduct was worthy of said silence .
however upon receiving the restriction to my account i am unable to talk in or see any chat from any blizzard game at all .
any form of chat from me to another person at all is blocked .
on top of all of this my whole battle.net friends list and my real id is all removed and deleted .
i had 100 people on that list and all of them are completely removed and i have no way to whisper any of them request them back or accept any new friend requests .
i saw a post recently on reddit from someone having a similar problem and i just wanted this issue to be brought to light again as it is still occurring .
i 've found a nice source of royalty-free music with a black friday deal of 50 off
going to get quite a large selection of music for my videos and just curious if there are more sources with decent and large selection of music to use that have black friday deals to save some .
i am a complete newbie to really building a ship since i 've been waiting to get this oddysey .
i 've got a basic outline for it here http skillplanner.stoacademy.com ? build=oddyoutline_0 but i 've left out mods because i 'm not very confident about what they need and i 'm totally open to replacing vanilla '' items with fleet/special/whatever versions that are of similar flavor '' like for deflectors positron/tachyon/graviton/neutrino .
i 'll apologize in advanced for not knowing a lot .
i 've have read a bunch of the wiki but i 'm not sure i know enough to decide on some on the more nuanced aspects of my build .
i definitely want to run a phaser beam array based build but i 'm wondering if i should drop the quantums entirely for them and run a full beamboat .
i 'm also not sure about the mods i should aim for here .
it seems to me that a positron deflector would be the best choice here given it 's trio of defensive bonuses bonii ?
again not sure with the mods should i just try and keep improving those skills ?
combat engines seem the obvious choice considering i do n't plan on pumping power into my engines system .
probably do n't matter much but considering my hulking ship i 'd like a balance of turn and speed on the mods ?
i picked field stabilizing considering the little defensive shield power bonus it gives but i 'm not too attached to that .
covariant seems the way to go here with it 's superior capacity but i 'm not sure whether i want reg or cap mods on it .
do i beef up the capacity even more or try and balance ?
just went for a reasonable combination here with rcs accelerators so i can turn at all and some armor for that damage resistance .
probably would end up using the fleet versions of these unless there are some must have mods that they do n't .
do n't have much of an idea what i 'm doing here really just tried to beef up my shields a bit with a field generator and balance out my regen with shield emitter amplifiers .
i would be fine using fleet versions but i 'm not sure if i would want hull repair or shield repair .
i wo n't pretend to understand the fleet consoles so i just put some phaser relays considering that 's my primary damage type .
i 'm thinking i 'm gon na run off the defense configuration not sure what else to do .
i have n't really taken a look at devices and my skill and trait configurations have always been terrible so i 'm not sure what to do there .
with boffs i 've got some ideas chain epts have rsp et ph he ? but not enough to justify picking anything and i do n't really get the doffs effects .
i 'd like to be an effective tank at least being able to do something in stfs and with enough firepower not take so long the enemy respawns before i kill it i 'm talking to you vaadwaur heavy artillery vessel .
things motoring along nicely here another 3.8lbs down this week .
another belt notch tighter acid reflux gone blood glucose t2d remains in high normal range low mood somewhat improved increased energy levels waking up much less tired .
thanks to all for the continual support knowledge and encouragement !
me and my buddy have been having real difficulties .
we ca n't seem to get a good 3rd person .
we need a good 3rd person for tomorrow we do n't need a full on carry we can both carry our weight but need a extra push .
it was fine for me 2 days ago all of sudden it became like these .
there is nothing wrong with my internet its the sever ... ... . fml
i have played off and on since release so i am not new at all .
when i go into a mossie it seems i can hold my own against reavers but when i am in my reaver any half decent mossie pilot eats me alive
it seems as a reaver i just float around and cant get away and lose hover duals and always get jumped by mossies.yet when i am in mossie i can zip in and out of things and pick my fights .
yet on mossie i hold my own in aa situations .
mossie pilots on emerald are great and reaver pilots suck ?
it seems weird since everyone here on this forum swears reaver is hands down better than mossie in aa situations .
that is what perplexes me is the consensus that reaver is godly and owns in aa and i still do not understand how ?
since i clearly do leaps and bounds better in my mossie .
i want to like reaver since it looks cool and feels neat when lolpodding .
i do n't know how hard it would be for you to find it but this is an amazing beer .
it 's just a personal canon divorced from the actual canon that only exists in my head !
and honestly as films the first three were shit but the canon separate from the individual terrible lines and overuse of cg is entirely inoffensive to me as a star wars fan with the single exception of medichlorians .
points are points you never know when our defense will slip up so i 'll take anything i can get
i 'm just tired of tf2 players thinking they should give feedback to this game .
tf2 is a horrible dead game made for kids .
nerdwriter and every frame a panting are my favorite youtube channels .
though i like that build im still debating because i have a list that gets me a 4690k and a r9 380 but with this i could get a 390 .
that is correct but i do believe that we need all of our parts of sleep to get properly rested although i think this is your implication .
i think it 's because of what he did to cause his absence from the game .
it 's the same thing with incognito he 's been playing exceptionally well for us and is playing like one of the best guards in the league .
he 's having a career year but i do n't see his name brought up .
could be because he 's a guard but it also be because of the bullying nonsense .
i do n't deny hardy is playing well but he was put of the league because he beat a woman .
it 's not as though that 's really an impediment to his game or playing ability just his eligibility after being punished .
he needs to be overcoming something that either caused his performance to decline or some substantial injury to overcome .
it occurs to me that you might just be talking about people just saying he 's not good rather than making a case for comeback player .
randy loves the 3 guard lineups all of a sudden this year
i 've always thought science fiction was just fiction with a scientific theme .
you should be cleaning your fans every 2 months or so .
my 6d got rained on a couple times and was fine .
for what it 's worth the 6d is a budget camera and is by no means considered professional .
did n't play to win played not to lose and lost .
i really had to keep the radiator clean to keep it from getting to hot .
since my computer will go to my son when zen comes out i figured it was a good investment .
i 'm no child but when these terrible things happen there is that part of my brain that years for everyone to be good '' people .
it 's impossible i know and i would not be the one to judge who actually should die or not.. but i wish it were simpler .
fifth come on hurry up we have to leave before the ship crashes into earth !
adric no i just need a little more time to crack the final code !
i really do n't remember and the black legion forums are gone so i really ca n't check .
as someone on an ssri mdma does n't really do much .
i pay for league pass and what 's cool is you get to choose which announcers you get .
yu-gi-oh t-pain 50 cent ipod shuffle super smash bros wwe just a few from the top of my head .
except when i leave it under the broiler too long haha
i certainly posted some snark in other places but you are right .
swanfire may have gotten closure but there 's an important person who never did henry .
did n't neal die before henry got his memories back ?
it would be nice for neal and henry to get a real goodbye have neal tell henry how proud he is etc .
how do we get buster olney to tweet it out ?
you know full-well that you 've just posted a totally illegitimate and fallacious argument .
ideologies and lack of ideologies do not strip away ethnicities nationalities or genetics .
you can be anti-zionist all you want i personally think it 's a waste of time to care about zionism at all but being a takfiri jerk who projects upon others is just a jerk move no one has to prove to you their ideology or adherence to one .
i have no idea who uncanny is or their ethnicity/nationality but it does n't and should n't matter .
i 'd be terrified of i ever saw either group coming after me .
they deserve death for liking a video game other than or in addition to the one i like
my weekly tapjoy nascar store offer popped up today .
i have so many dadgum nascar pet calendars it 's ridiculous .
i had a horrible feeling this would seem really creepy .
but i really do find her inspiring and would love to meet her in person .
she is a great role model for girls to look up to .
gee i wonder how i would feel if weapons i paid good money for got nerfed in an update .
oh wait they did that quite recently in a weapons balance update .
i do n't typically listen to music with hp but i actually first heard the fight '' by the classic crime for the first time as i was reading book 7 for the first time and it now always reminds me of the books especially the end of the series .
it can go quite a ways several map tiles just look for the impact signs fires/trench/debris
i spoke to a lovely woman on facebook recently who got abuse from someone because of her caste no less .
she told me that corbyn 's decision to avoid meeting the indian pm has meant that many of her family have said they 'll never vote labour again .
you ca n't be that far into the court when the ball is on your side .
he got ejected for bumping the referee once again during play .
way to make it seem like he did nothing wrong though .
nobody is saying you can force yourself to stay awake until you die through sheer willpower .
what it 's saying is that if you are unable to sleep total insomnia the condition can be fatal .
seems like a great way to get a free subsidized iphone and then go with a cheap prepaid carrier .
saa and their allies definitely have momentum particularly in latakia and around aleppo but it 's still premature to talk about absolute turning tide .
if saa continue to conquer the hill by hill in latakia and broke the militant counter-offensive in the south aleppo with continued conquests of strategic areas there we could say the tide is definitely turned .
there are still a lot of uncertainty especially with foreign factors and militant sponsors and backers .
if there were no turkey border and us-saudi arms with an emphasis on tows militants in northern syria would quickly broke under the new circumstances .
counterexample for 1 let your space be the naturals with the usual distance .
take b_1 b 1 1.9 and b_2 b 2 1.1 .
counterexample for 2 let your space be the union from n=1 to infinity of r^n where every vector is followed by infinitely many zeroes .
this is a vector space verifying this is easy .
the nth coordinate of x_n is 1 and all other coordinates are zero .
this sequence converges componentwise to the zero vector but the distance between each term and the zero vector stays the same under most norms .
counterexample for 3 take the naturals for your set and use the distance function d x y 1 min x y 1 it 's immediate that this space is complete given that every point is isolated and consider a sequence of closed balls where b_n has radius equal to 1 n 1 .
these balls contain all numbers m in the naturals s.t .
m ≥ n. therefore they 're clearly nested and yet their intersection is empty .
tbh none of the teams who played today seemed anywhere close to be decent
for less than 500 you could get an i5 4690k 210 http www.newegg.com/product/product.aspx ? item=n82e16819117372 nm_mc=afc-c8junction cm_mmc=afc-c8junction-pcpartpicker 20llc-_-na-_-na-_-na cm_sp aid=10446076 pid=3938566 sid and a r9 380 180 http www.amazon.com/dp/b00zgf0wck ? tag=pcpapi-20 .
or like you said you could go for the gtx 950 or 960 for around the same price .
if you want 16 gb of ram there is a deal for 62 on newegg http www.newegg.com/product/product.aspx ? item=n82e16820012058 ignorebbr=1 although 8 gb would probably be fine .
it seems like people generally get better performance on dayz with intel but you could look into it more .
it would n't hurt to check r/buildapcsales during the next week and keep your eye out for some deals on ram cpu 's and gpu 's .
but they killed him in the show what a waste of character
i mean you selected the whole hair including the bead inside of it .
how did you change the hair but not the bead ?
but it is he could get a loan against his business for literally any amount of money ...
take a year to build up a freelance business .
now your answer is 'wherever you can get a visa ' .
it 's in clinical trials in the us i 'm trying to get into one .
it 's not fully closed loop it does n't bolus glucose when you go low but it will shut the pump off until you level off .
but it will administer insulin as needed to keep you in a target range .
as long as they are on your radar of films that you want to get to some day then that is great !
because deathly chill and chilling nova adds more damage .
at no point in your rotation should you be auto attacking in reapers shroud so onslaught is useless .
augury of death and blighters boon are good for survivability but the chill traits do more damage and when the name of the game is maximizing damage that 's what you do .
people should n't underestimate deathly chill on a power build .
it 's important to keep in mind that in a raid and especially on reaper with siphon power 25 might is super easy to maintain .
that 25 might comes with 750 condition damage and chill scales very well with that .
even with 0 condition damage i believe it goes around 230 or so per tick .
because of deathly chill it also makes your gs auto and grasping darkness not a dps loss as long as you can hit the final strike with the auto attack .
before deathly chill gs auto was 1.2 coefficients per second as opposed to dagger 's 1.21 with dagger also having the edge because of faster attack speed leading to more siphons .
with deathly chill gs auto should become superior and then camping gs should n't be too detrimental to dps though swapping to dagger and offhand can still be a dps increase because both locust swarm and reapers touch are fantastic .
i wonder if the neonatal ward of hospitals has to do with the strong association of the term with humans .
is it true that americans do poorly on polls of scientific knowledge ?
but here 's the part that those people who laugh at dumb americans do n't realize
the reality is that a lot of lesser countries love to scream and yell about the us without really understanding reality .
the main reason that the us does poorly on a lot of educational standards is because we have large black and hispanic populations much larger than other first-world countries .
blacks do about a standard deviation worse than whites on those tests .
hispanics do considerably worse than non-hispanic whites though not as poorly as blacks .
note that asians do better than whites do and shock and surprise guess which countries do the best on those tests ?
and note that asians even in other countries do better than whites do so it is n't just a local thing .
and the us subsidizes most other countries ' health care systems many of those countries ' health care systems do n't want the us to socialize .
the reason is that they are presently pushing a lot of the burden of health care costs onto the us if the us socializes medicine it means that drug prices will go up in other countries because drug companies ca n't dump on the us anymore .
eventually had weekly meetings and learned more than i did in class .
hi i 'll be on and off for the following 4 hours
soraka-draven lane is broken at the moment try it .
or if you ca n't play draven try lucian .
let the warriors win a championship this season then we talk .
even in the brazilian rainforest there are people who are kind to others while others choose selfishness .
i think the concern is over the inability to criticize islam without being branded a xenophobe .
that way islam gets a sort of social shield .
in contrast christian conservatism or fundamentalism is fair game due to being seen as 'our ' i.e .
rey mysterio vs randy orton vs kurt angle at mania 22 .
i am not surprised for the fact in the middle east everything is solved by violence .
but as i said it 's a study on the short time effect
unfortunately i did n't find last week very funny .
but the sketches did n't do anything for me .
true but even so people should just read it as a point of view .
so here was a selfie from my con last weekend http i.imgur.com/7ubc2mi.jpg which was pretty dam fun
fun fact really wanted an energy drink today so here is some cat tax of my cat stealing my dads can http imgur.com/gallery/vm78t
understand the difference between crash and server shutdown many people are not experiencing crashes just code 0 or 4 that means the server died for some reason .
right now the servers are dying in 2/5 minutes for me .
i never usually see a single thing in my facebook newsfeed about homeless people and the issue with homelessness .
introduce a refugee crisis that involves gasp brown people and suddenly every man and his dog has a deep concern for the homeless .
why not take care of our own first ! '' .
oh yeah because you cared so much about them before you heard there might be some refugees in need of help
if the r9 270x is in the same price range in australia as it is here in the us go with the r9 380 .
it 's a little more 200 ish usd range but i 've seen some on sale go down to 160 or the nvidia gtx 960
stats of games played on op.gg/ranked distribution stats even tho this is only relevant to ranked players and queue times .
lol hit its peak in season 3 and ever since it has struggled to grow .
particularly season 5 is when it went into a big slump .
if it was n't struggling the new season would n't have been an absolutely new game .
i think you need to leave immediately and take all your most important things and your dog with you .
you said he hit you more than once that 's assault and it 's a crime .
in your situation i would call the police and file a report against him .
it does n't matter that he 's never been like this before . ''
he has done it now which makes him too dangerous to stay with or be in a relationship with .
too many women have made the mistake of giving their abusive yes his behavior qualifies as abusive !
in too many cases that mistake was fatal for the woman .
even if you 're not a c or c programmer you will need it one day to understand what 's going on with a program or open a core dumps .
runtimes as well as many compilers of other languages are c
languages can get by for a long time without the lack
moment arises they 're usually in for a lot of painful
people who love video games know what console to get if they want amazing 1st party ip with almost no bugs
they have some sort of cheerleading thing today that required a day of preparation .
er toby did say that there was no unused text in the game .
why have anything at all to do with people that are so destructive ?
of course your mother wants your love and confirmation of their parenthood .
they are toxic and the more you have to do with them the more they will drag you down emotionally .
you are out do n't let them hook you back in .
you have a wonderful life filled with love and positive feelings .
why have setbacks caused by their continued wish for your approval and love .
you 've got a great handle on this they can only affect you if you allow them to do so .
i like how one got a cool name virtue and the other one is just like muffin lol
well russia has no land connection to crimea which is why the whole annexation was an idiotic idea in the first place .
it 's not a taboo or anything totally up to you !
however do not listen to a movie soundtrack and then complain that the actor on stage is not as good gerard butler/renee zellweger/anne hathaway or whoever because people are going to silently rage at you .
weird my iphone 6s plus battery life is outstanding i charged my phone yesterday morning .
had been watching tons of youtube videos played some games heavy surfing on instagram facebook safari for reddit second instagram account heavy chat on fb messenger and imessage .
and before i went to bed around 12:00 am the phone still was in 52 woke up today at 7:40 am phone was at 48 and as i 'm writing this post now is on 43 after checking facebook instagram and saw two videos already on youtube at it 's highest quality .
so imagine that heavy usage battery life for me in a light day when i do n't use the phone that much .
yeah that 's how wonderful is my battery life and it 's been like that since i bought the iphone 6s plus on launch day .
edit and that 's having all the features on like always on siri wifi toggle on outside background refresh on many apps .
and rather play a game where your individual skill matters and where everyone cant be the top rank with just grindind .
hots is dumbed down version of real mobas no denying it .
being pissed at people who are better at videogames than you and getting mad over it is just silly .
there is a reason no one watches hots on twitch and why there is no pro scene to speak of .
and that reason is over simplified cater to everyone so no one gets hurt mechanics .
the 270x is the best choice in that price range just looking at pccg you can get a sapphire one for 189 .
the next step up would be a 380 but you 'll have to extend your budget to around 280 .
cpu is fine but any stock cpu will be 'limiting framerate ' to a degree .
a more powerful or overclocking cpu is not really needed until you can afford a more powerful gpu like a 390 or above .
you will see a fps increase going to any i5 and another performance increase over that with an overclocked i5 or i7 .
many insurance plans will pay for a crown once in 5 years .
www.codecombat.com makes a fun adventure game out of coding .
very good way to emphasize the study for rewards correlation early to a kid ... . heck or anyone haha i got bored by the usual tutorials and enjoyed codecombat
like i said i truly do n't know anything about crossfit .
i just remember trying to research what was happening with my case and found all of those images and articles regarding it .
i do believe it was all removed from crossfit years ago though .
he has n't asked you for sex at all or mentioned your lack of sex in the past year ?
the biggest problem you have in my opinion is the fact that he thinks being celibate for an entire year is not a problem !
are you sure he 's not getting it from someone else ?
moffat has over the course of his career received a lot of criticism over his ability to write women .
in doctor who this seems to have overcompensated by throwing women in to every role .
he 's willing to have a man be the fourth or fifth guy in a group and probably get killed off first .
he 's willing to have them be the evil bad guy .
i 'm tired of watching the doctor be bossed around by women who think they 're smarter than him there 's at least seven recurring women from his run who do this and i 'm tired of seeing men be given such crappy roles .
our service is 40 dollars if you live near a store or want to mail it to our facility in connecticut .
what 's with your voice in the latest video ? '' .
man it 's like people have never encountered a cold before .
yeah sorry heres the video https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=ffd5kpkvkec i was too busy peeing my pants to link it before
group of friends walk around and drink tea for about 40 episodes
mislim da je nam odlazi oko 8 do 10 proračuna za otplatu kredita .
hi i 'll be on and off for the following 4 hours
i forget the topic but someone asked if it could blend .
then that asshole posted the gif of a rabbit in a blender .
before i could nope the fuck out it just happened .
that whole thread got nuked within 5 minutes of that post .
what about ibooks can you have two different books open side by side or the same book open to two different pages ?
i think my dad i are going to have a look at it tomorrow and see what we can do .
good to know as long as it 's the ac it should n't be a huge issue !
pandora 's updating their app to windows 10 and they just bought rdio so they might be the best soon
u/secretagentkitty you have no idea how much i appreciate you .
your messages have made this depression a little bit easier .
ab wheel 3-4x a week for 40-60 reps however many sets necessary
let us know if you have anymore questions i was in that same place a few years ago so i definitely feel you .
for me it 's not so much shame as not allowing myself to be willfully ignorant .
if i do n't know how many calories it is i can just put my fingers in my ears and go la-la-la .
if i log it i have to be more mindful .
something that worked for me was figuring out my goal date '' as in if i did n't mess up a single day i could reach my goal weight by x date .
every time i mess up i realize i have to push my goal date back .
i also have body goals pictures i keep around .
for me it 's miley cyrus or mila kunis .
both are around my height and look really good and both close-ish to my goal weight miley is below it .
having an idea of what i might look like at my goal weight is really inspiring .
i also keep photos of me from before '' around to remind myself of how far i 've already come .
if i really want a cheat meal i make it so it 's not a cheat .
tonight i 'm going to a cinebarre and getting the chicken fingers and a strawberry vodka shake .
because that 's approx 1400 calories i skipped lunch and making that my meal of the day and going to the track near my apartment for a 2 hour walk to burn off a couple hundred calories .
knowing i can eat my favorite meals if i 'm careful about it is very freeing .
i realize that a lot of people would n't be happy about skipping breakfast/lunch for a really calorie-dense meal like that but to me it 's worth it !
another thing that helps is just not having it in the house .
i would soooo binge on those 6 chocolate chip cookies if i had them around .
if i 'm going to bake i 'll only bake one or two at a time .
if i 'm getting a treat at the grocery i never buy a whole package .
places like safeway often have individually wrapped smaller portions .
if it 's still too much i buy it knowing i 'm going to give my fiance half .
basically i portion food before it ever makes it to the fridge or pantry at home .
khalil honestly has best hip control of any player i 've seen
i feel like if this were a movie you would n't see the face of the girl on the left for most of it
i 'll be ready to go again in december once i 'm done moving all my shit .
just tell him it 's not in the actual game and you should be fine .
while books are awesome once you have a good base of knowledge already i usually recommend that people starting out start with dvds .
i like card magic the best because just one deck is so incredible versatile .
the problem with learning from books is that you have no concept of timing angles etc when you start .
dvds on the other hand show you exactly how a sleight or effect should be performed .
they always have performance and explanation sections so you get to see an effect in real time and usually in a real performance and then you get to see it broken down into steps .
one of the books mentioned above was the royal road to card magic .
r. paul wilson did a whole dvd set i think five discs on the book .
it 's a pretty good beginner set but pretty expensive .
if you want send me a pm with your email and i 'll send you to my dropbox .
i have gigs upon gigs of magic lectures dvds and effects on my hard drive and i can upload a few good beginner vids for you .
3rd n 10 oakland showing a 3 man front .
mack is down autry down they blitz stafford running and tackled from behind by mays .
they used mays and cwood as 34 lbs there .
everyone was up on the line a very exotic blitz .
one thought i had was possibly bending the ends not the pick end to serve as a tension wrench so when you are using one as a pick the other tool serves as a tension wrench .
had one match out nowhere where i did n't use an bbs for the 5 turns the battle lasted .
can i do a syten transfer from my emunand toa new 3ds xl without a cfw ?
redskins were ready to go home after the int return got called back .
well pvp was colossus deathballs and now it is a micro intensive stalker distrupter adept warp prism duel
this has been really helping me these past couple weeks
i do n't mean to scare you but a lot of people have difficulty tapering down with their doc .
it takes a huge amount of self-control not to say fuck it and get high .
4-5 shots with a .50 cal sniper usually does it .
even if that 's the case one of the strategies will just be better .
honest question is a 3 lower chance basically just over the border of being a statistically significant difference ?
just the other week there was a video of a white drug dealer being gunned down by a cop .
should n't it just be like pc where they can open wmp in background to play music ?
i would say if you like your boss and company well enough a month is a nice gesture .
he 's not the hero we deserve but the hero we need
my mistake i was n't completely informed on our process for taking in refugees .
i do n't oppose taking the small number of refugees that the president has suggested i do oppose what germany http imgur.com/gallery/wcvfrw7 is doing to itself .
excuse me sir this area is for drivers only . ''
kidding aside i think they 're fine in certain circumstances and stupid in others .
people who take pictures of every meal ... unless you 're making awesome recipes which you 're sharing fuck off with that shit .
nobody gives a fuck about your quizno 's sandwich you self-absorbed twat .
while we 're at it everyone who owns a selfie stick should have it shoved up their urethra .
i live in the midwest so it does get cold here
sm i 've got ta get to prospit one of these days
sm if it 's half as nice as derse is bad that 'll be a welcome surprise sm
i 'm glad i handled it well in your opinion .
locker room by lids at a mall in charlotte .
let me know how to go about getting in touch .
her political/social views are n't what she 's selling she 's selling cosmetics .
and her line is n't even exclusively vegan so she 's doubly not selling those views .
buying her products does n't mean you support or agree with those views .
there 's literally nothing about the makeup line that reflects her feelings about meat eaters .
i really do n't get this aversion to her brand because of something that has nothing to do with the products .
some years we have miles long patches of it off the wa and or coast .
you should make a stream and make people chose the tailed champion of the month '' and you would play only that champion .
soooo tbh it took me almost a year to find mine and i had to settle for lucky when i really wanted levi .
finding a good pair is kinda tough because fit has to be right .
magpie downtown has good vintage denim tho if you 're tiny around a 24 to 26 ?
i 'm like a 28-30 and it 's almost always too small for me .
there 's also a pretty good vintage shop for jeans next to burnside brewing .
my first choice would be red light on hawthorne tho because they always tend to have a lot of more out there vintage and some of it is pretty nice if you 're willing to wade through it all .
i 'm finding the one about reagan making backdoor deals with ayatollah khomeini during his campaign a little incredible .
yeah ... he says he needs it 5-6 times per week i tried to compromise with an offer of 3 and he said he 'd rather die .
i had a similar experience in trials not quite as majestic as yours however http xboxdvr.com/gamer/nero4274/video/12863422
can duterte 's talents be used to annihilate the abu sayyaf ?
they 're only slowly rolling out the information of who was impacted by the breach last spring .
honestly i started at rank 58 so i was struggling the whole time .
and i could n't awaken most of team until yesterday so i 've just been scraping by in the 4000s .
you dont know why he said it because you arent him .
he said i dont know and then went on that long rant about it being a free pass .
we can deduce that he didnt know specifically why they won but that they knew it was time to step up to the challenge and get real about the fact that they might not go to worlds ... which is exactly what he said .
i redid this and am still having the issue .
you need to check your toons when you get back to orbit .
i guarantee you have a 310-320 weapon or armor on each of those toons ...
how to get your team to like you ... that was n't serious '' he quickly added .
uhhh what should i do if one of my teammates is ... going through something ? ''
it 's crazy how inconsistent the servers seem to be .
for me they 've been flawless but others like you have been experiencing 200 ping spikes and i ca n't imagine attempting to play with that kind of connection .
in another 10 years or so i expect i 'll have some grandbabies .
you mean insurgents and armies funded by the us and its allies .
i 've answered this somewhere before but basically seeing the theories for fnaf3
i completely agree with you but i 'm selling this part list and would like something smaller so i can fit it on another portion of my desk .
that is the whole reason why the define r4 is n't necessarily what i 'm looking for .
yep just floated in and out in a pod no worries at all getting my stuff out
this just in all michigan roads closed ... forever .
mayor duggan was quoted as saying fuck it ! ''
superiority of sa out of box vs tm upgradability .
it 'll cost you that much on swappa anyways ... also unlocked and international variants will skip you out of samsung pay .
sometimes bill maher is a liberal loudmouth other times he 's an idiot loudmouth .
what a jerk to denounce an entire religion of millions of people .
intre noi fie vorba acu ' 10 ani la politia judeteana timisoara te duceai sa depui o cerere de eliberare cazier judiciar .
dupa care reveneai in cateva zile si o primeai .
mama mea avea de asteptat 30 de zile nefiind nascuta in localitate .
acum vreo 5 ani puteai sa depui cererea onlain si te duceai doar o singura data ca sa ridici cazierul .
astazi te duci direct acolo si ti se face pe loc chiar daca nu esti nascut in localitate .
they said it as the play happened before replay .
he said incomplete then something like apparently it was a catch '' and he sounded surprise .
i think it means stand up comedy but i do n't know enough about weddings to be certain .
oh if there was a indicator it would be overpowered do n't get me wrong .
but i highly suggest you expand your playing field and try to use it offensively it can be a devastating ability if used in the right hands .
besides the last camo challenges for prophet like his final four helmets require you to use glitch offensively so start practicing now lol .
well i 'd call that really a sauce and not so much a salad but yeah !
idiocracy https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=jwc0s0wddvk in 2005 average in every way private joe bowers luke wilson is selected to take part in a secret military experiment to put him in hibernation for a year along with a woman named rita maya rudolph .
the slumbering duo is forgotten when the base they are stored on is closed down and are left in stasis until 2505 .
when they finally wake up they discover the average intelligence of humans has decreased so much that joe is now the smartest man in the world .
the premise is funny and some of the jokes are hilarious but it would be more watchable if it were only an hour long .
some of her learned colleagues hereabouts are mad into her .
those three may not win at doctor who pub quizes but they certainly win at doctor who .
it 's all on cabaye now maybe he 'll get the hat-trick this week .
it is very yummy so i 'm not surprised it 's hugely popular .
if only they were a bit higher resolution bit overall a lot of great choices in the album .
but it 's also ironic that this picture is trying to encourage us to let refugees in using the image of a people that did the same thing and got nearly wiped out for it .
we 're missing our lg and center so we 're on the same page .
hi i have gruff 66 cobb 74 cyrano 94 and peanut 95 .
i need harriet 11 flo 73 cherry 77 and benjamin 84 .
i couldnt move my eyes to the top of the screen .
the carnage we cleaned up after explained why we all feel like we do today .
i think we filled a trash can full of bottles
thanks to everyone that came out and to diz for the setup .
the first and second are the same it 's just that i set x=2 on the bottom
people who mention they are vegan and say as a vegan ''
i bet the afterqueefs would rival any truck drivers greasy fast food farts .
that gnar ult by hauntzer towards the end was beaut !
nothing in that store is worth the risk of anyone getting seriously injured or dying .
reddit constantly complains about this and tries to pretend it 's the other person 's fault .
well not from the us ... in any case based on that logic all the presidents were also immigrants and most of the other people here on reddit as well .
come right in sir everything is on the house .
and littlbunbun '' will mean nothing to the guy who works at stan 's .
can i direct your attention to the discussion in r/badeconomics on this https www.reddit.com/r/badeconomics/comments/3sdhp5/discrimination_doesnt_real_fuck_whiny_women ?
it 's more complicated than the gap is a myth '' .
suppose women and men have identical desires and talents inherently but there is some discrimination in the labour market that means that women are less likely to get hired for skilled jobs than men .
since the expected returns to education are therefore lower for women than men as they have less chance of getting a job that pays enough to match their skills fewer women will spend time and money getting educated and developing those skills .
they will therefore end up in less skilled lower-paying jobs on average .
there will not be any situations where women do n't get equal pay for equal work or where they get paid less than men with the same level of education but women as a whole will get paid less and that will solely be as a result of discrimination in the labour market .
i 'm not saying that particular model is true everywhere .
it just illustrates the point that showing women get equal pay for equal work does not prove that there is no discrimination against women in the labour market .
the pay gap for equal work underestimates the amount of discrimination there is in the labour market in the same way that the pay gap for men and women on average overestimates it .
edit the second paragraph is a simple model to illustrate a point .
the point of it is that if there was no inherent difference between men and women and men and women got equal pay for equal work there could still be a gender pay gap on average as a result of discrimination .
in the real world the average gender pay gap we see is probably partly due to discrimination and partly due to all the other factors different preferences women 's role in childcare and so on .
but none of you have the evidence to justify the claim that discrimination plays no part .
you 're seriously arguing that there was n't a single player in the world available better than flamini !
obviously does n't want to play enough to take it seriously .
if the government did n't try to skimp on doctors there would be no need to strike .
dammit my mom 's a proud tiger she 's gon na be so disappointed .
they 're reviewed by psychiatrists to the best of their ability .
i do n't know what else you could possibly ask for .
the gains in georgia like north carolina are more due to obama 's gains in minority voter participation than anything else and that wo n't be a factor for the next few cycles .
same here that 's one big reason why big aaa games often turn me off .
there is so much stuff to do and it feels so heavy '' that it feels more like work than a game .
the sulfur ions merge with the stainless steel whenever you wash your hands with just water it creates sulfuric acid similar to having onion on your hands but instead of getting rid of it the smell is intensified .
my theory is democrats do n't actually want to reduce income inequality .
they want to keep people poor so they can keep banging on the vanguard of the proletariat '' drum .
i suspect he means that the son can join the military .
this not only provides significant educational benefits but it also removes the parents from fafsa consideration need would be calculated exclusively on the basis of the son 's income rather than the parent 's income .
looks like the holes are too big and that bolt could easily slide through once stressed .
i just had a really frustrating laggy game but maybe the host was lagging the game before we got a 'migrating hosts ' thing .
do the syrian government is on our side or just against isis ?
it 's more like this is the only reasonable way to play if you want to be the best '' .
you can play any way you want but most methods will be garbage ice mage anyone ?
this happens in every mmorpg and it was well before wow and now well after wow that this has happened .
i am a bot http www.reddit.com/r/hit_bot and this action was performed automatically .
i am designed to help determine when hits are no longer available .
please contact the mods of this subreddit http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fhitsworthturkingfor if you have any questions or concerns .
i would think the research skills and rigor would be great for being a journalist .
well you see your honor she was technically 13.7 billion years old when we started having relations . ''
marshall is so good when it comes to yards after the catch..
out of courtesy to all the other artists who have also submitted great pieces we prefer you say 'favorite ' .
my mom does this and while it does n't confuse me i do n't understand the reasoning .
it takes more time and effort to say my girlfriend nancy '' than it does to say my friend nancy '' and i still know it 's a woman and a friend .
i guess i 'm more lazy than she is .
if msu wins out it will have by far the best wins in the nation with one bad loss .
for me it 'd be extremely difficult to leave them out .
the main shotcaller for og is mithy with amazing helping out with early game though the others offer input http www.lolesports.com/en_us/worlds/articles/mithy-origens-shotcalling-and-surprise-being-worlds
south korea is full of people who have very little interest in going to war .
in the event of a renewed korean war south korea 's major corporations would all face major difficulties in doing business with the rest of the world .
even if some engineering firm or what have you could stand to profit from the war they 're not going to have enough clout to outweigh samsung and certainly not enough to control the south korean navy .
ah completely forgot about the you know what will happen if he catches you ! ''
wait so there 's a total of 12 murder victims ?
no way we 're gon na stop them here .
i 'm assuming you 've never witnessed a demon in person and i truly hope you never do .
but do n't just bash other people just because you have n't witnessed it .
request by pm start with the smallest dildo and get your pussy wet .
then keep one of the bigger ones in either hole and go do your dishes but you 're not allowed to cum .
i started by warming my pussy up with my small pink dildo .
it 's probably about the size of your middle finger .
now i have my medium purple dildo filling up my pussy with some tight spandex shorts to hold it in place .
it 's called guess what these numbers refer to ''
infinity+1 also has acces but i have n't seen nor heard of him in months
de plus si on observe des augmentations de salaire c'est généralement parce que les élus ne sont pas là pour toujours .
i think that training software is a pretty good way to play better .
if you a beginner the better way is to read books and traing a lot .
what about training software i recommend to use ace poker coach and leak buster .
such programs can help you to get rid of bad poker habbits and improve your personal skill .
the timeframe for major that first announced was fall winter spring ti summer
uh maybe because you do n't need the hottest tools but you do need to keep up with shit .
going to c tells me you probably did n't know a ton about front end and where it 's going to begin with
great for me too rondo 's my fav player ever lmao
i had to watch something funny after that movie to go to sleep .
our neighbor had a donkey guardian for his sheep !
you sure that 's not an allergy or something ?
if you live near the 1200 block of moore st .
vcu sent out an alert http alert.vcu.edu that there were shots fired .
i did n't understand all of of the finer points and yet it was written well enough that i did intrinsically understand what was being discussed overall .
rats can move their eyes independently so they can focus on totally different things !
i only learned this recently but it 's quite amazing .
because you are taking the time to argue with not only myself but several different people over the course of this thread about your personal definitions of the words 'sport ' and 'physical exertion ' .
i assume that you 've lied about playing the game i do n't believe your username has been recycled if you have played the game in the last 12 months and it was recycled then you did n't even reach level 12 which means you are writing the game off without having even played it properly the game begins at level 30 or getting to a level of gameplay that definitely does require physical exertion .
further reasoning behind my assumption of you lying is your comment regarding lying on your back in your mothers spare bed playing it '' that 's simply not possible when you are playing league and if you had ever played the game even at a sub-level 12 level of gameplay you would know that it 's not feasible .
i am wound up yes because i do n't see the point in you taking such a stance against the game or even e-sports as a whole without ever having played it or trying to understand the true competitive aspect that most certainly requires teamwork strategy and physical exertion .
when you can clock 200 apm without feeling like you have physically exerted yourself you should give mark cuban a call he might have room for you on his team .
edit by your definition should we be culling competitive shooting and while we are at it maybe archery too from the olympics for not requiring much more than a pulling of a trigger/bow and the closing of an eyelid ?
you have to admit this has been kinda weird from vp .
i just wanted to say i can remember how i felt when i was your age and i was so not aware of what was really going on and it is really good that you have awareness now instead of years down the line .
i can really understand how you feel and i 'm sorry to hear you 're dealing with this too .
my biggest advice for you is to spend time with your friends a lot and make sure they are good friends and supportive friends .
it is always good to have a friend or two whose parents let them let you hang out at their house all the time .
i hope your situation improves and i 'm sending positive thoughts your way
i 'd trade four of the ones you 're interested in for 18 32 51 and 81 !
not a huge fan of m. night shyamalan but signs '' scared the shit out of me .
the creepy clicking coming through the baby monitor and the birthday party scene where the alien walks by in the background .
i mean yeah i do like the freedom to do things and go where i please without needing permission .
it is a trait of the authoritarian left to quash opinions that do not agree with their worldview .
in that ideology any protest against their correct view can not be tolerated which is why you see these clashes .
i really want to watch it but im too scurrd
this is how linley used to grow stronger by breaking through in fights .
it feels fitting to me that the same thing happens in this final battle .
we tried it one time but i led the way most of the time .
i am going to try it again with her leading the way .
i just got battlefront and she really wants to play that but she is afraid she 's not good enough .
2. use fb ads that are specific to st. louis range and other characterisitcs you desire
if not many try a different method or create a different ad or change your idea
maybe you should try r/askreddit personally i 'm not american and i cant think of any british politicians who deserve/deserved to be killed .
i have been playing for about 7 years now but i would say i am an average player in terms of violinists who take private lessons .
not sure how well i will be able to play this piece but i can update you a couple months from now once i have practiced it enough to see how difficult it really is form my perspective .
just believe in yourself and you will get there eventually !
i 'd put them in the inventory/character sheet but either way works during combat .
imo things should either be flat out impossible to figure out in-game like if a specific attack did randomly high or randomly low damage against an enemy with a healthbar or else quite easy looking at an item description to find the damage
they should n't be difficult like needing to repeatedly test whether a dagger 2 or a longsword 1 is dealing more damage .
i 'll buy a nice bottle of champagne and quietly drink it straight from the bottle the night he and kissinger die .
well technically if the whole world were on the same side there would n't be any war .
fair enough but it was n't to say he was happy with the money or that he found purpose in it anyway .
i have never believed the hillary is more electable than bernie '' argument .
it discounts the degree to which republicans will turn out to vote against her .
i just startled my girlfriend awake reacting to that arm drag throw gastellum tried .
well i 'm not gon na tell you my name but it 's nothing spectacular anyway !
i 'm very smart enough so that i could go into any career path that i want to .
i 'm funny and always trying my best to make people smile or laugh .
i 'm creative i love to paint draw do photography etc .
but the important part is i 'm also good at those things .
i 'm not an outwardly emotional person and i tend to keep my emotions closely guarded .
which causes a lot of people to find me intimidating upon first meeting me .
i 'm observational and pick up on a lot of nonverbal language from people .
i 'm pretty passionate about the things i care about though .
i 've been an ambassador for charity to raise thousands of dollars .
i 've written numerous public opinion letters that have been publish in the newspaper as well as writing various letters to individuals within government which in turn prompted me to run for a position in government just this passed spring .
i did n't get the position but i made sure people knew who i was !
um ... i 'm not really sure what other type of stuff your interested in .
there are lots of bad drivers in halifax but there are also lots of really fucking bad pedestrians .
i do n't know if this has been said yet but get yourself some heavy cast iron cookwear !
honestly the abyss has always been my favorite thing in dcss .
the concept of a level that forms and dissolves around you i find fascinating ...
hopefully someone can correct me if i 'm wrong but did things start going really bad for him following his talks how interviews and tweets about it all ?
also chelsea/bradley manning ... you bring that up and all of a sudden you are a homophobe !
maybe it 's not that bad but it dos sound like two situations that could have been the result of something like mkultra ...
every possibility but it 's good to think right ?
if i 'm close enough for a flatter trajectory i match my reticle with their waterline .
if i 'm far enough for plunging fire i aim a little higher than water line .
at the same time anonymous doing it proves you do n't need the apparatus that intelligence agencies have set up to get at people electronically ...
the key issue is the expected value of investing the resources to get a bitlicense .
for companies that can make a strong case to dfs i suspect the decision to invest the resources is clearly ev .
focusing primarily on the short term cost for one step distracts from taking into account how getting a license plays into your overall strategy for gaining competitive advantage in the long run .
yeah canelo usually walks around at 175 177 pounds .
he really needs to start fighting 160 pound fighters like ggg !
it was clear that the keeper was trying to break my knee with her face ! ''
if i were to ever have kids and then they were to have kids i 'd imagine that things would be even worse than they are now .
they 'd probably end up living in a trash can .
the little tab that sticks out on the side of the earpiece makes it so it actually fits in my ear .
i have n't been able to find any other ones that fit to my ear as well as these do .
but their cables are tearing and buttons are breaking after a good 3-4 years of use
gibson '' some girl on the bus one day thought my name was emily gibson '' i just sort of went with it .
rice '' one of my friends and i needed to make a dish with chicken and rice .
i ca n't cook chicken to save my life but i 'm really good at cooking rice .
this one just came out of left field and stuck .
it started off as rosy-posies '' and eventually just became posies '' .
karis '' this one was short-lived and few call me that anymore .
i met some of karis 's friends and spent a lot of time with them .
clearing out my imgur account files and i guess it got caught in the crossfire .
things will get even more expensive than they are now people say buying a house now without loans is nearly impossible in australia many years ago that was not the case .
h is for holy shit goddamn fucking evil dirty communist
i had about 19 saved up and decided to use 'em i never really use mega balls cause i feel that i need to save them for some time but i never end up using them lol .
anyone have a fix for settlers getting stuck well below your max ?
i have 30 food 30 water 110 defense 25 beds and 10 charisma 13 in the apparel im wearing permanently trying to get more settlers ... but stuck at 15 settlers .
this is always fun and i 'm hoping tonight is no different .
i want to know about your most recent orgasm .
when where how with whom very much including yourself thinking about what watching or reading what .
women excite me most but i 'm more than willing to hear about some male orgasms as well .
if i 'm interested enough i 'll tell you about my last one in exchange .
what fantasies go through your mind just before the climax ?
since i 've moved out and away from my dad and had low to non contact it 's been so much easier to get better .
i do n't turn my head when i walk into bathrooms to avoid the mirror anymore !
my dad once made fun of my acne i had compulsive skin picking problems with the body dysmorphia while in public out loud .
i brought it up one day and he said he 'd never do that and he could n't believe i 'd accuse him of it .
then my sister finally told him he did and suddenly he switched to you 're being sensitive ! ''
that 's when i knew he was a narcissist .
he told my mom the other day everything she 's done to me is worse than anything i 've done to her ! ''
do i even have to say i 've done nothing to him but not let him abuse me ?
the people who i do talk to ca n't stand me and i ca n't hold a relationship due to my own insecurities
i had splat 's purple desire which i loved but it was time for a change .
so i bleached a larger area than what was already dyed turning the brunette part to a light blonde and the purple to a hot pink .
then i applied splat 's deep emerald left it on for about 50 minutes and washed it off with treseme 's color preserving shampoo .
i was left with a couple streaks of turquoise blue where the pink was a very faded green where it was brunette and the rest turned back into a lighter purple pretty much the same as the faded purple desire .
a couple of days later i tried coloring again left it on for about 70 mins this time .
got a very similar result except this time the brunette\light green held slightly more color so it 's now a yellowish greenish tint the tips of the purple are blue and the blue streaks are a little thicker .
i was planning on processing the emerald twice tomorrow leaving each for 60-70 mins .
so like a week.5 ago i got started on spiro y estradiol .
the spiro i realize is the one that can actually kind of fsu so to speak so that i 've been doing only as prescribed .
however the estradiol they gave me was only 1mg twice daily and i am like f that . ''
so i am taking two tablets sublingually twice daily since i have 2 refills to get me through to the first week in december so 2mg twice a day .
am i going to succumb to spontaneous human combustion ?
my dad has had his s6 since april i think and it 's been working fine .
he has n't had any major drops or damage and there 's been no issues .
out of nowhere tonight when he went to answer a text his touchscreen would n't work .
it did n't just work poorly it did n't respond to anything at all .
i tried the soft reset and it still did n't work .
safe mood and a cache clear did nothing as well .
i 've read of it happening to some people but it usually happened right after they got the phone and a large majority of them were fixed by the soft reset .
åååååå mmmmm💪💪💪 de är some good 👍👍shit 👍👍zeunerts 💯💯💯dricker bara 👆enda musten för mej 😎😎😎😎😎
our first time dm is running a pre built campaign for 5e called the mines of pheldia .
we spent seven 6 hour sessions getting to the the magical forge killed it 's guardian rather than talking to it then my character mistakes the forge for something generally evil and breaks it by picking up and anvil and dropping it on the forge .
as the person who usually dms i 'm currently that guy who does something monumentally stupid and completely changes the course if the campaign ...
i feel both incredibly powerful and retarded at the same time .
what is the most that guy '' thing you 've ever done in your campaigns that has made the dm call the session short to figure out what the fuck happens next ?
is it me or are there waaaay less games available ?
i 'm in div 5 its 8:45pm mountain time here .
i have n't been able to find an opponent for an hour or so now and its been pretty much this way all week with a few exceptions !
would eating brown rice with cooked mixed vegetables and a little bit of chicken every day for every meal excluding breakfast which will most likely be whole grain rye bread allow me to lose weight if i eat it at a deficit ?
along with strength training for a hour every day for 4-5 times a week along with about 20-30 minutes of moderate intensity cardio .
yes i know this is not the best question to ask but i just want to make sure
the range of the function y 5/6 sin x π/3 1/4 can be expressed in the form a/b ≤ y ≤ c/d .
the part im getting stuck on is what exactly is the range of this graph and is as simple as to just plugging it in your calculator to solving this .
9 votes retro cartoons http i.imgur.com/u4bcvim.jpg by u/polhudo retro cartoons http fav.me/d9h3cwc by u/zigmenthotep
only one drawing per user based on votes counted as i 'm writing this .
welcome this week 's new artists u/mlpronnie u/isthisreallifenow u/joat35 u/inceptrovert u/bradyjackson u/theejoty u/meatyloafr !
please let me know if you find any mistakes .
1p was my first psychedelic and when i took it for the first time i had a great time .
crazy visuals everything was waving massive amounts of euphoria it was awesome .
but the thing was my trip probably only lasted about 4 hours .
i was taking ssris at the time but my second trip i 'd waited 2 weeks for tolerance and a little over a week i 'd stopped taking ssris to get it out of my system .
but the duration was about the same 4-5 hours .
it started with the beginning of a sore throat and a somewhat runny nose .
sore throat went away that very day with the otc medication .
but i started to get more tired so i napped that day away .
the following day i felt tired ears felt full of pressure then not much of a headache but a mild one i guess you could say .
went away with meds but i was so fatigured .
now day three super fatigured still taking meds but dont cough and dont sneeze and no runny nose .
when i normally get cold or flu i am not just fatigued .
is it possible to have the cold with just fatigue ?
i 'm looking for a camera that will take shots of space landscape photos and be able to record decent videos .
is the d3300 camera the right one for me ?
ducky shine 3 mx greens usd 90 shipping some led 's are n't working but all keys work .
blood pact bbv2 mx trade for a sparkly bbv2 or any other interesting bbv2 .
i do n't know if i 'd be willing to sell it but if you 're interested just shoot me a pm .
poker 2 trade for a poker 2 or 3 with clears mx browns back lit will come with white pbt blanks .
ducky shine 3 mx browns trade for a full sized board with clears back lit and will come with original keycaps .
i may also be looking for a thick set of pbt caps would prefer if they had legends .
if you have any questions please let me know .
i will try to ship out items the same day as payment or confirmation of trade .
i 'm selling some things that do n't get the use they deserve .
most items have minimal to no usage some have extremely heavy usage palettes mostly and are discounted appropriately .
i apologize for the discrepancies in lighting sunset photos are always inconsistent .
because of this the pictures are more to show usage and verify that i actually own the products so do google the specific item to get a true-to-form representation of the colors .
if you would like to see more verification photos of any particular product do n't hesitate to let me know and i 'll do my best to get you a decent shot or two .
i 've put notes beside items that i would highly encourage getting an in-depth look at before purchasing .
i 'm located in georgia and would like to sell to us only for now .
shipping will be calculated by location but should n't be more than like 4 dollars or so .
heavier items such as palettes will be a little pricier and i 'll have to weigh it beforehand to get an accurate estimate .
exceptions apply to palettes in which case i will provide 50 of the shipping price but i can not provide 100 free shipping .
to get the best value out of the discounted price of some listings i advise you purchase multiple items .
otherwise you 'd be best getting a brand new one and sparing yourself shipping costs .
i would prefer to use paypal gift because paypal fees rack up but let me know if you would like an invoice .
unfortunately i 'm going to need you to pay pp fees if invoice is your preference .
urban decay 24/7 glide-on eyeliner in voodoo swatched 2x rp ?
urban decay 24/7 glide-on eyeliner in perversion 50 left rp ?
too faced 3 's sephora 15th anniversary palette usage shown note additional pictures and in-depth condition review can be provided upon request rp 52 mp 15
estee lauder unknown eyeshadow palette usage shown note additional pictures and in-depth condition review can be provided upon request rp ?
estee lauder eyeshadow quad in berry quartz request for usage note 2 pans completely empty rp ?
urban decay original vice palette brush included usage shown note additional pictures and in-depth condition review can be provided upon request rp 60 mp 11
stila eyeshadows in charm and shore usage shown note shore has lots of dents in it charm hit pan rp ?
urban decay shadow single in peace swatched multiple times never used rp 19 mp 13
urban decay ammo palette usage shown note additional pictures and in-depth condition review can be provided upon request rp 25 mp 4
nyx waiting for tonight palette usage shown note additional pictures and in-depth condition review can be provided upon request rp 30 mp 13
nyx za za zu mascara in black never used rp 6 mp 2
nyx xxl lush lashes mascara in black never used rp 7 mp 2
nyx glam liner aqua luxe in black never used rp 5.50 mp 1
nyx color mascara in perfect pear used 1x rp 7 mp 3
nyx eyeshadow base in white pearl swatched 1x rp 7 mp 2
nyx eyeliner pencil in copper used 2x rp 3 mp 0.50
nyx eyeliner pencil in velvet used 1x rp 3 mp 0.50
nyx eyeliner pencil in baby pink used 1x rp 3 mp 0.50
pixi by petra mineral duo in apricot glow swatched 3x rp 6 mp 4
nyx love in paris eyeshadow palette in madeleines and macaroons never used rp 10 mp 4
revlon colorstay ultimate liquid lipstick in ultimate orchid swatched 1x rp 11 mp 7
nars travel size lipstick in cruella swatched 1x rp ?
nars travel size lipstick in rikugien swatched 1x rp ?
urban decay 24/7 glide-on lip pencil in 1993 80 left rp 20 mp 13
melt cosmetics lipstick in space cake 40 left rp 19 mp 7
melt cosmetics lipstick in blow 60 left rp 19 mp 9
too faced melted liquid lipstick in melted berry 50 left rp 21 mp 11
estee lauder signature lipstick in apricot sun new in box never used rp 20 mp 14
revlon colorstay moisture stain lipstick in cannes crush swatched 1x rp 10 mp 6
maybelline colorsensational vivids lipstick in shocking coral used 2x rp 5 mp 2
rimmel lipstick in sugar plum swatched 1x rp 5 mp 3
revlon lipstick in berry haute used no more than 4x note cap missing will be substituted rp 8 mp 1
nyx matte lipstick in daydream used 3-4x rp 6 mp 1
nyx intense butter gloss in banana split swatched 1x rp 6 mp 3
obsessive compulsive cosmetics lip tar in pleasure model used 2x rp 20 mp 8
cat wonder lip paint in much mucher swatched 1x rp 5 mp 1
hard candy glamoflauge foundation in fair 70 left rp 7 mp 3
covergirl loose powder in translucent fair used 1x rp 5 mp 2
bareminerals original spf 15 foundation in light w15 40-50 left rp 28 mp 11
estee lauder unknown blush palette request for usage rp ?
nyc bb radiance perfecting powder in naturally beige never used rp 3.50 mp 2
sephora brand blush in orange pop used no more than 10x
tarte amazonian clay blush in amused usage shown rp 28 mp 9
nyx wonder stick in universal used 2x rp 12 mp 5
nyx above beyond full coverage concealer in 01 used 1x rp 5 mp 2
nyx above beyond full coverage concealer in 01 80 left rp 5 mp 0.50
nyx hd studio foundation in 06 natural beige never used rp 15 mp 5
nyx invincible full coverage foundation in 01 ivory used 2x rp 12 mp 6
nyx photo-loving primer in green used 1x rp 13 mp 6
hard candy blush in living doll used 2-3x rp 7 mp 3
nyx blush in pinched new in packaging never used rp 5 mp 3
maybelline fitme blush in medium pink used 5x rp 4.50 mp 1
of course all applicable items are cleaned and sanitized before being sent out .
items are shipped next day after receiving payment through usps first class .
pc is a level 5 ranger 1 cleric of the nature domain .
the domain give pc access to several ranger spells .
can i use my ranger spell slots to cast these ?
do you think the vikings will try to sign him next year ?
every time i see a viking getting burned sendejo is there .
hi i have met some great people by doing this and i 'm hoping to meet some new ones .
i am open to a lot of thinks and have few limits including blood/gore and toilet play .
things i 'm into would include huge boobs older women big cocks lots of cum public play incest bestiality futa and more .
i also prefer to be the dominant one im not big into being a sub .
i promise to be friendly and non-judgmental and i look forward to having some interesting chats .
this is one of those totally heard it before '' things .
my husband james 30m and i have been together for 10 years .
we have been very close with this couple mark and erica the entire time and he 's known them since elementary school .
i have always suspected that he has had a thing for me which has only gotten worse over the years .
in the past couples years he 's graduated to picking at my husband for imagined slights against me doing things like constantly inviting me to dinner with just him and his wife and getting visibly irritated when my husband comes along .
i have suspected this all along but only recently did my husband catch on .
specifically he took super offense to mark defending me completely unnecessarily to a guy who joked that i was not nearly as hot as emma stone with whom i only share a hair color and who is waaaaaaaaaaaay hotter .
it was really uncomfortable and all of a sudden the light clicked on for my husband and he re-interpreted what he thought was just asshole behavior to the realization it was 'i kinda wan na touch her boobs ' behavior .
the problem is that when my husband and i discussed this he wanted to just confront and cut off mark but i love love love erica .
i think she 's the shit she 's been my best friend for almost a decade and honestly i do n't have a huge circle of friends .
and there 's no way you can confront a guy for wanting to possibly bang his wife without losing the friendship of the wife too .
i genuinely do n't think mark would ever try anything and there is absolutely zero chance ever that i would ever ever touch him .
his personality is very abrasive and let 's be honest here my husband is about 14x hotter .
it is n't my fault that he finds me attractive and i am livid that i might lose my best friend over this .
it has made me admittedly rather aggressive towards him because james is also really irritated but understands i do n't want to lose my friends .
also we have a very tight knit group of friends and since nothing has happened we feel confronting mark would just mean that we alienate and destroy our circle .
i think mark who is very socially awkward had a crush on me that familiarity has allowed to bloom into something obvious but he does n't actually want to cheat on his wife with me .
i am just jerk off material he got to know .
i want to just let this be something we 're aware of and do everything to avoid and quell husband wants to confront and end and erica is completely oblivious .
tl dr best friend 's husband wants all up in will never get all up in but now it is causing chafing on all fronts .
just wanted to get other peoples review on the book .
other threads about it are almost a year old .
great tone makes you want to finish it in one sitting .
thought you had it figured out until the last few pages .
the ending while it had a great second twist the first was pretty obvious from the beginning considering the behavior and how the kid who saw the killer described him/her just seemed so rushed .
she could have stretched it so that the reader figured it out themselves before she told us .
i had to back up and go over it again like what ?
the other thing that kept throwing me off is petty but i have to say it .
there is no way a town of 2,000 people would live as described in the book and have that sort of a community it just doesnt happen .
not if the town as described sits alone in the middle of nowhere and isnt an outskirt of a big city .
i know this is a stupid thing to bring up but it just kept making me laugh .
she even said the pig farm had like 500 workers so a quarter of the town works there ?
we live in a city when filled with college students pushes 70k-80k .
we have tiny little towns on the outskirts around us that have one general store a small school a few random things here and there and a park and thats pretty much it .
those have like 3,000 residents and most of them look and act as if they just climbed out of a cave .
in her story wind gap had a few motels tanning salons a bunch of bars abandoned buildings rich subdivisions and a whole ghetto '' part of town .
also came with a park baseball fields and i 'm sure i am forgetting a few things .
from the way the community and people were behaving i feel like she should have used a number like 5k-6k or cut the things the town had way down .
again petty but kept throwing me off every time i read it .
would take recommendations for more books like this as well if anyone has any besides gone girl .
oh also if you assigned actresses to the cast who were they ?
they both are good looking and can give off a gray gloomy vibe for me it was rooney .
the rest were more blurry and blended with people i have seen somewhere .
so since the media embargo has officially ended now – who had a chance of playing the old hunters and what 's your opinion on the new hunter tools ?
i thought the beasthunter saif was a bit of a let down as it 's too similar to existing weapons .
i 've had my van a year now and in that year it has taken me 7000 miles with very little issues at all .
but this was done in 13 mile chunks mostly just back and forth to work .
i 've never even had it on the highway .
there is a pretty good chance me and the fiance will be relocating from north carolina to tacoma wa .
so that 's about 3000 miles all at once .
up until this point i have only done minor maintenance like keeping the fluids changed/topped off new tires small stuff .
before undertaking this voyage what else should i get done ?
i 'm thinking timing belt or is it chain on this model ?
we 'll be taking two cars her with the kids in the wagon and i in the van .
if i end up blowing the engine or transmission i plan on just scrapping it wherever i may be and renting a u-haul for the rest of the journey .
i 'm trying to find a glass shower door for my tub/shower but i ca n't seem to get the right term to search for what i 'm looking for .
basically i want a piece of glass that extends maybe 2/3 of the way from the wall with the shower head and then nothing .
i 've seen this plenty but i ca n't think of what to call it since it 's not a door after all !
looking for a local watch repair that could replace a battery in my watch quick easy and cheap .
the particular watch would require the bracelet to be removed in order to access the underside of the watch to replace the battery .
i 've read some people say their cpm is higher with adsense but on the flip side that cpm fluctuates for everybody .
i 'm thinking of joining a network where i get 90 revenue .
would going solo really net me 2-3x more that some people claim ?
if not then i 'd join the network because 10 is a small price to pay for getting monthly payments versus however long it takes me to reach the 100 threshold with adsense .
if i get to a point where i make 100 monthly then i 'd leave the network .
i dismissed her to gain extra carry weight so i could drop off all my loot and told her to go home .
now i have no idea where the hell she is .
i need to find that bitch she has three pieces of x-01 power armor that i had just found .
thinks started off great saw each other a couple of times a week would always have sex during these times .
then we moved in together due to circumstances after about 6 months .
curling up on the sofa to watch movies together .
he works 3/7 night shifts so on the other 4 nights i have to try and convince him to 'share ' them with me .
2 nights with me and 2 nights on his game .
but apparently that 's too much to ask for .
he gets stroppy if i try to be affectionate .
he gets annoyed if i want to spend any time with him heaven forbid i take him away from his game .
sex life has decreased to once a week however i believe he wanks daily this is a cause for many of our arguments as i believe he has a porn addiction
i 've spoken to him multiple times about all these things .
usually once a month which leads to an argument and then he moans that we argue too much which we definitely do n't and then we forget about it but nothing changes .
tl dr i guess i just need advice on how to keep this relationship going .
so i have n't actually had much time to play fallout 4 as i wished being busy with courses and youtube and shit like that .
but being a fan of fallout 1,2,3 tactics et cetera i was wondering what fallout 4 's low intelligence runs are like .
i mean i could find out myself but i would also like to know what you fine gentlemen/gentleladies think of them .
i think that a moderate number of people will say this .
as many of you may know the asiimov guns are called after the famous science fiction author isaac asiimov https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/isaac_asimov .
in the novel runaround '' asiimov formulated the three laws of robotics '' https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/three_laws_of_robotics .
as you see there are three of them and so are asiimov skins awp http steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails ? id=194005009 m4a4 http steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails ? id=194009541 p90 http steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails ? id=205572051 .
the tec-9 isaac '' http steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails ? id=204242553 was made by the same creator http steamcommunity.com/id/coridium as the asiimov skins and its originally called tec-9 asiimov '' http steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails ? id=204242553 .
imo its a nice joke volvo did here and to me this is a proof of why there will be no more asiimov skins added to the game .
i just caught the tail-end of the frankfurst grand finals .
you can watch the tutorials now and earn 800 renown for watching all 3 its not alot but its a operator right from the start before the games available for you and if your like me when the servers come on you 'll just want to bash the game !
was just wondering if there 's been any word on the yugioh video that ah/funhaus are doing .
i know there was a picture tweeted a little while back but nothing since to my knowledge .
has it been brought up at all since then ?
looking to switch just to internet due to netflix kodi etc and wanted to go with navnet but it appears they are now with citywide ?
does anyone know anything about this and is citywide worth getting previous posts have been 50/50 ?
it looks like the start-up costs are higher and i do n't know if i want to do a self-install .
any navnet/citywide customers here who can share more info ?
as most of you have noticed the site has been down for the past few days .
we 've been working non-stop to try and correct the problem but it seems efforts have been fruitless for the most part .
unfortunately if things do n't turn around in the next few days we will unfortunately/potentially suffer from a loss of data .
we generally take monthly backups we 're a small site so storage of backups more often than that was n't really something we were adament about .
however one of those monthly backups failed to transfer and the site went down before it was time for the next backup to run it 's all automated in the background .
so that means if we ca n't rescue the server we will incure a data loss of 2 months .
this is big to us and it hurts we will be switching from hosting providers since this is n't the first time we 've had this type of failure and it seems all too common with them at this point .
so we 'll be moving to greener pastures in hopes of bluer skies .
we 'll be setting up the site within the week hopefully and we 'll have more updates as to what actually has transpired and how we 're going to fix things to be better .
we 've been so involved with our new site that we failed to pay attention to the current site which means we failed each and everyone of you who visits this site .
so as the recent leveling event came to a close i started wondering how much do the festival items cost and which ones will be more worth it to buy .
i have n't seen them being sold by npc 's around town i looked around by saint haven irine 's area so i 'm assuming they will come out when the rewards will be given .
i 'm a level 80 majesty and i do n't have any items for my level at all since i just got my main character to 80 .
will it be better for me to buy festival weapons instead or armor ?
the higher priced base cards will they drop enough to be worth selling and rebuying with the tax hit ?
todays market stamkos will pull in 350 seguin 150 .
means you need to rebuy stamoks at 330 seguin at 140 ... just to get slightly ahead .
same goes for all the other 150 priced base cards .
especially considering the base cards may not even be in the packs since they could/should get a mov card ?
hello i am a fresh graduate in telecommunication engineering my certificate is abet accredited .
i need some advice on where to apply what requirements might i need .
also should i be applying as an electrical engineer in general ?
i am totally obsessed with muslim women who wear hijab .
it started out with me being angry with them for being pretty .
so i started hated these pretty girls who stood out from hijab .
i imagine scenarios of berating them or insulting them .
i get thoughts about them being sluts whores dirty filthy ugly stupid etc .
i imagine myself saying this stuff to these women .
i have other feelings i ca n't describe on reddit .
i count all the girls i see everyday in hijab .
i 'm in a bathroom now because i was freaking out in class over this .
i can post picture of the wounds on my hands if no believes me .
edit okay this is so awful and i 'm really sorry about it .
i have an asus asus ux32ln-r4046h i5 laptop running windows 10 .
it started acting really slow and the windows start button stopped working .
i also ca n't seem to access certain settings like i tried turning of the windows notifications but it just froze when i clicked those settings .
here 's the things i 've tried already i booted it in safe mode did n't help .
i ran a sfc scannow in powershell it did found corrupt files but could n't remove them .
i tried running the command where it goes online to replace them but it said it could n't find the source so it failed again .
lastly i tried resetting my whole computer whiping my disc clean still same issue .
let me know if you need any more info .
it 's that time again where boxing movies like creed are creeping back into cinema culture .
with so many popular movies on the subject i thought i would ask what your favorite boxing films are and why .
do you prefer a movie like rocky where a dark horse eventually reaches his greatest dreams maybe raging bull where the struggle of a fallen champion is matched with stunning cinematic ethos or perhaps fat city where derelict wannabes strive toward an impossible goal crawling closers to impending failure ?
anyway i 'm not sure if this happens to anyone else but if chica or bonnie appear in the doorway and i click off the game i have two monitors they return to the stage .
i could use that to beat night 5 but i decided not to cheat .
also why is it that sometimes when you have 10 power it just goes out ?
another question if you see the gf poster and change cameras will you still see gf when you put the monitor down ?
this image http i.imgur.com/zblftmf.jpg shows the only option i have as far as my iphone 's music settings go .
is n't this where i would use to click specific playlists or the whole library ?
any new albums i create here are n't syncing over the cloud either .
i do n't have the ability to download '' songs that are n't already on my phone .
i just want to add an album to my phone .
edit disabling icloud music library on my phone re-enables the sync music slider and let 's me sync but then it deletes all of my apple music content .
the more i think about it the more i 'm convinced that game grumps has entered into some sort of agreement with nintendo .
nintendo is very strict about allowing their games to be on youtube yet the grumps somehow get away with constantly playing loz and mario games in particular .
it makes me sick to think that the grumps are possibly letting nintendo dictate their content and even worse is the fact that none of us know when it will end .
in several comments and in a post i made yesterday i 've talked about how tired i am of them uploading mario and zelda games and i 'm worried about how long this possible contract might be .
i understand that they 've always played nintendo games on the channel but never at this volume never every single day for several months and in more than one slot sometimes .
i 'm absolutely not against game grumps doing commercial work for extra revenue but if they 're really doing what i think they 're doing it 's gone too far .
edit ok so nintendo is not actually producing the shovel knight amiibos http www.destructoid.com/nintendo-isn-t-producing-the-shovel-knight-amiibo-308506.phtml and likely had nothing to do with the grump commercial .
i 've had my nc for almost two years now and i 've been flirting with the idea of doing some modifications probably starting with something simple like sway bars but maybe down the road doing something drastic like an esc .
before starting down this path what should i know about insuring the car ?
will i be able to find affordable coverage if i 'm up front with my insurance company about installing a supercharger ?
am i at risk of being dropped if i get in an accident and they find out i installed sway bars and did n't tell them ?
if you drive a modified miata what did you tell your insurance company and what was the result ?
to be clear i 'm not worried about the value of the mods themselves being covered .
i just want my liability and coverage of the car 's value as stock to remain intact .
if it matters i live in southern california and i 'm currently insured with state farm .
how was the standard living conditions compared to the rich did they wash often what did they eat ?
hi i 'm looking for a coach who can teach me how to be a better mid laner .
new to reddit i stumbled across an older post where someone had painted their nerf gun in a destiny like way
i was hoping someone could help me replicate this feat with a set of instructions .
its for my little brother who is a massive nerf and destiny fan so any help would be really appreciated
invisible ladders the ladders can not be visible in mid range .
you have to be really close to see them .
i remember changing up some of the graphics and that 's when i encountered it .
anyway it 's a bit annoying when i ca n't see them .
freezing hands when aiming the sights of guns look like they are shaking like a homeless eskimo freezing to death .
like seriously my character 's hands are shaking in the desert ...
i recently used the fov glitch before the update .
pixelating snow bushes**the bushes in the snow seem to change textures and pixelate when you walk to it .
i have glitch-phobia so i can not deal with this stuff .
it reminds of that time i went to chop down a tree and all of a sudden the tree expanded to my whole screen .
thanks all and please comment to make sure it 's not just me getting these .
i posted a thread on the stress test feedback board and i thought i 'd share it here
i tried to cover some aspects of the game that in my opinion needed some work or just some fine tuning .
either way i 'd greatly appreciate it if you took your time to read through it and leave some thoughts on it either here or in the thread i linked .
again please excuse my poor english it 's not my first language after all
e thanks everyone for the feedback and the discussions !
i feel like this is what the stress test weekend really was for getting lots of peoples input about the game so we can all enjoy a more polished game as soon as it 's released !
e2 blizzard can i have closed beta access please ?
i can provide way more feedback if you just keep letting me play your game ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°
i just finished the zipline mission early part of the game and i played it as evie in the cutscene in the beginning the took '' it away from jacob as i proceed to play the game if i would have choosen to play it as jacob from the start would that same thing happened ?
i 'm thinking of designing my interior bathroom walls with 3/4 walls then glass to the ceiling .
so the vanity would be on one side the shower on the other side .
the toilet closet would also have these walls with glass above .
the goal is to get natural light into the shower as well as to solve layout problems .
i have n't seen this in very many photos but it seems like a viable way to let natural light come into whatever is behind the wall while keeping the steam contained .
i have a txt file with two lines them being .
the first int is the size of the line so i just need a way to iterate through each line into the file which will output two arrays with the size given in the first int of the line .
i 've seen ppl telling to evolve lyre aura i bought lvl 10 rank atk aura but i dont know how to increase that aura .
something like 5ohm 5 1vex 0.5 gul/ist would be great .
edit ill be online at 19:00 cest 7hours from now
would my rwd 2nd gen be capable of suspending 300 lbs of dirt bike off a front hitch for 300 miles without destroying my steering components ?
i 'll be moving in september and like any good truck owner i am getting a good 11 month head start on logistics .
this is an automatic summary original http literacy.rice.edu/thirty-million-word-gap reduced by 84 .
after four years these differences in parent-child interactions produced significant discrepancies in not only children 039 s knowledge but also their skills and experiences with children from high-income families being exposed to 30 million more words than children from families on welfare .
hart and risley recruited 42 families to participate in the study including 13 high-income families 10 families of middle socio-economic status 13 of low socio-economic status and 6 families who were on welfare .
on average children from families on welfare were provided half as much experience as children from working class families and less than a third of the experience given to children from high-income families .
in other words children from families on welfare heard about 616 words per hour while those from working class families heard around 1,251 words per hour and those from professional families heard roughly 2,153 words per hour .
what they found was that higher-income families provided their children with far more words of praise compared to children from low-income families .
conversely children from low-income families were found to endure far more instances of negative reinforcement compared to their peers from higher-income families .
summary source http smmry.com/http literacy.rice.edu/thirty-million-word-gap faq http www.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot version 1.6 13186 summaries so far . ''
theory http www.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31bfht/theory_autotldr_concept feedback http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 23autotldr pms and comment replies are read by the bot admin constructive feedback is welcome . ''
top five keywords family 1 children 2 word 3 child 4 more 5
notice this thread is for discussing the submission topic only .
do not discuss the concept of the autotldr http www.reddit.com/user/autotldr bot here .
the shirt gate thread made me think about this .
there is a lot of debate about gender disparities in us public school dress code enforcement and how that relates to gender issues later in life .
what was your personal experience in regards to your gender ?
if you are n't from the us what was your experience ?
i 'm 6 weeks out and i feel a little like i 'm in limbo .
i 'm having confusing feelings that may or may not be ppd .
mostly at night when the day is winding down .
my mind goes into over drive obsessing over past mistakes/wrong doings.. basically any time i was a less than stellar person .
i get all the feelings that tag along with the anxiety..
hot head and chest panicky feeling stomach ache sweating etc .
that 's really when my quietness '' kicks in.. because my mind i 'm so focused on not letting my brain get the best of me and going into a full blown anxiety attack .
also these things that i am really focusing on are things that happened 2 plus years ago .
things that have not been in the forefront of my mind for quite a while .
along with that feeling i also have moments of sadness where i miss my old life .
becoming a mom literally happened over night and i knew it would take some getting used to .
but when i do get to go out i still enjoy the things i used to .
i am extremely happy and i have fun when i get to go to lunch with a friend or see a movie .
i have n't lost the joy in my life i just miss it the second i get back to the house and feel a little like i 'm trapped .
when i do cry it 's typically silently in bed .
i have n't had a breakdown since week one .
it 's just a few tears anxious thoughts and then off to bed .
when i manage to sleep long enough to dream they are always horrible dreams .
whether it be a literal nightmare where i 'm running from a masked man with a knife or trying to save an overturned truck full of dogs and cats before they are hit by cars and killed .
i also dream about my so 's ex and her stealing him away from me .
it 's like i ca n't even escape these intrusive feelings in my sleep .
i have no ill feelings towards my son or my so or myself other than feeling bouts of guilt and generally down about my past self and mistakes .
in fact when i 'm happy which is typically whenever i 'm occupied and engaged and my mind does n't have time to wander i 'm very happy .
but when i 'm just sitting around and in my own head it it 's a constant feeling of dread i carry with me .
i have only had one issue with anxiety in the past and i was able to take valium to help prescribed ..
i ca n't do that now because it knocks me out and makes me feel like i have a great buzz going on and i need to be able to effectively take care of my baby .
i also know that drinking a bit would take the edge off but i do n't want to go down that road for many reasons .
so anyway lately my so has been asking if i 'm depressed or suffering from ppd .
i say that because my feelings have nothing to do with him or the baby and i love the both of them .
i do n't lose my temper and i do n't have breakdowns .
i also still find joy in all the things i used to love .
i also laugh and enjoy life most of the time .
except when the sun goes down and my day is coming to a close and the sad feeling comes creeping in and ruining my otherwise happy day .
if this is ppd though i do n't want to wait until it progresses and my moments of sadness become days of sadness or weeks or months .
i do n't know why my brain has decided to fixate on my past .
it 's like i ca n't allow myself to be happy .
it 's as if i 'm just sitting around waiting for the ball to drop .
it 's really hard to put my feelings into words .
i was traveling on i-39 in illinois and lost control of my vehicle when trying to change lanes in the snow .
i ended up in the grassy median facing the wrong direction .
30-60 minutes after i end up in the median a state trooper comes by to check on me and i end up getting a speeding ticket for traveling too fast for conditions .
i was going around 55 mph 70 mph is the posted limit .
there was snow on the road and it was limited visibility .
are cops allowed to give tickets like this without actually witnessing an infraction ?
and if not is there a way i can fight this without going to court ?
the court location is several hours away from where i live .
prove that if x x1 x2 t y y1 y2 t and
z z1 z2 t are arbitrary vectors in r2 then
so there 's this song seems to be currently unobtainable unless you 're a musician with an account on http jinglepunks.com .
this makes me highly upset because i really want to listen to a full version of this song .
the song was featured in the music festival fstivl and is made at least in part by someone called eden .
it 's called never felt this way and was used in a commercial here https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=7ykwksyfe0w and in the background of this video https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=bixs1de8qio
i 'm pretty new to knitting and my amazing grandmother has taught me the basics and given me some needles and yarn .
i 'm really getting the hang of it but i would still like some tips for my first big project .
i 'm currently knitting a scarf for my boyfriend and i need to know how long i should make it .
he is 6 ft tall and the scarf is not very wide maybe 8-9 in
in the market for reals for my much longed for model s and as i 'm playing with options the price jump from the 85d to the p85d seems just insane .
as i understand it what you 're getting is an upgraded set of motors plus more powerful brakes .
is there more under the hood as it were that i 'm not understanding ?
i love a fast car as much as the next guy but that seems like a lot of money for what you 'd be getting .
edit thanks all for the informative replies looks like the upgrade is not for me but i can see why folks would take the plunge !
i want a deck that combos off that takes a lot of thinking and plotting your whole turn before you do something
he 's one of my favorite ravens and i 'm looking into getting him but would like some opinions before i drop the coins
disclaimer i 've only seen the word proxy used once and i 'm not sure if i 'm using it right p
does anybody know of a small list of upgrades that are really helpful ?
i have the common upgrades but i 'm not sure where to go from there .
my parents and my older sister are going on vacation for three weeks this coming december .
i was just wondering what fun things my brother and i should do besides the stereotypical throw a huge banger '' ordeal .
for starters i was kidnapped in the middle of it did n't even get to finish it properly .
he brought me aboard the old ship known as the grace of harvest .
i only was there for a day but it was an awkward one .
my cell mate was my ex-girlfriend sheryl which was a blessing and a curse .
thanks to her knowledge of my trigger word and the guard 's stupidity i was able to tear the door off .
we escaped later that day but talloks was along with us .
i shot him in the chest and hoped he was dead and then sheryl asked me something that i was not ready to answer .
she wanted me to return to sidewinder and i told her no .
i had just started to move on from her and i did n't want to go back .
on a brighter note i trained lester to listen to me .
he seems to act more like a dog than a spider but he 's better than a dog .
at this point i 'm more angry than sad .
not angry at her or any one else for that matter just angry at myself .
angry because of how my personality makes me unattractive .
and especially angry at how in spite of how many times i try i never seem to be able to change .
here is the link to the google doc https docs.google.com/document/d/1xt8why0mojyb7cap9bhdvbo1_jwkxuccuicpquptrns/edit ? usp=sharing and anyone should be able to edit .
it might be in a completely different format from what is needed but lets use this as a learning opportunity .
edit here is the episode https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=jxlooyz-xzk for those who want to help .
just pick a random time from the video timestamp it and start transcribing !
d also if you can check through what is already done for any mistakes it would be greatly appreciated .
edit 2 just finished a very rough transcript of the entire episode .
still a lot of work to be done and still could use a lot of help from people who want to check over what we have for accuracy !
edit 3 thank you for everyone who has helped so far !
i have just now taken off the ability for anyone to edit the document .
if you see any problems make a comment and i 'll fix it .
special shout-out to noah who helped out a lot last night .
if you want to be credited with helping out just pm me what you helped with and i 'll include you in credits .
after doing mindfulness for a couple months time feels as if it 's moving slower .
i just started reading comics and did n't know where tl start with marvel .
with dc was easy '' because they rebooted their universe with the new 52 but marvel have n't rebooted theira so i jumped instantly to civil war event and i 'm digging it so far but there are some things that i do n't know because they happened before cw .
the whole event s that left mutants without powers and paved the way to the 198 i feel that it is so important because it is mentioned a lot especially in x-men x-factor issues .
should i jump to another event age of ultron seems interesting or start reading issues from a single hero es ? .
what is a good point to start with deadpool ams spider-man ?
hi does this video looping hack work on the above model ?
i have installed he .ash file it seems to read the file as i forgot to change the settings in the file the first time and the camera 'hung ' .
i then changed the sleep time from 'x ' to 300 and it boots up ok but just keeps recording .
it has the latest official gopro firmware on it .
i got locked up today i was sitting at a bus stop in front of my school having an anxiety attack and trying to explain my feelings to my sister in law in stifled breaths over the phone .
a security guard ultimately called me an ambulance and i went to the psych ward .
i wouldnt stop crying how could i in the position i was in shoe-less in a body fluid laden waiting room im not sure how long i was there no clock no windows .
i eventually saw their doctor did n't like him told me i will fail as it is part of life did n't help my anxiety this was all triggered by a math test btw i spoke with them and like all the others they just advised me to calm down but i realize something that the two doctors ' collective 20 years of professional school could n't make them realize my brain is sick there is no cure for what i have it cant be cut out or bandaged and mommy cant kiss it i know it know have known since i was 11 i dislike the idea of going through with anymore my whole world is burning and everyone else is just telling me to calm down but i cant never was able to .
im not sure how i let it get this bad but they are this is my life '' now all i have .
my mother picked me up not so long ago and they gave her my diagnosis i wasnt allowed to see but i get the feeling that from now on its to be a scarlet mark upon my forehead
how do i get weapons to show up on my character model when holstered ?
i 'm a formerly slim girl who 's just started to get a little plump and i 'd love to get told how chubby i 'm getting how i 'm outgrowing my panties bras jeans dresses and shirts how unfit i am and how i eat like an absolute pig .
tease me about how much of a whore i am for food .
i want to know what you 'd feed me and how much it is and how i 'd look once i 've stuffed myself silly .
definitely tell me how big you want me to get .
feel free to message me and make sure you make your intentions known right away..tell me what your kinks are and what you want from me !
okay so i do n't know the name of the stars in the video but i do remember what happens roughly .
a redhead walks into what looks to be a hotel room and hides under the bed while another redhead gets fucked .
then she joins the two people in a threesome .
note this is a copy/paste of my thread on battle.net and thought i would share here as well to see what other people think .
hoping that i make it into the next stress test !
edit to be clear i was only playing beta for the stress test beta weekend from 11/20 11/23 .
i know everyone and their grandma is going to or already has made posts like this and i do n't have time to read them all and figure out what everyone is saying so i 'm just making my own to list some of my own concerns and suggestions for the game .
i 'd like to start off by saying that the game is good it surprised me with how much i was enjoying it .
the strongest point of the game are definitely the heroes .
they are very original besides mercy and torbjorn feeling very similar to classes from another team-based shooter and completely unique from one another .
there is a lot of versatility and no two heroes play or feel the same and that is great .
that being said most of these heroes feel well thought-out with not many feeling over or under powered which i 'll get to later as even the ones i 'm not good with i see other people doing well with and i can see how they could be powerful in someone else 's hands .
a basic improvement i think the game could benefit from is marking checkpoints on the progress bar for payloads so both the attacking and defending teams know exactly how close it is to the checkpoint even if they are dead/respawning/far from the payload or are just new and simply do n't know where the checkpoints are located on the map .
getting back to heroes which are going to be more controversial opinions here i 'd like to start with heroes which i think are underpowered .
the worst of them all here would be winston in my opinion it was n't just that i was n't good with him it was that i hardly saw anybody playing as him and when he did get played he almost always got destroyed .
throughout the entire weekend of me playing i saw one winston who felt like an actual threat and even then he was n't too dangerous .
his tesla cannon has a very limited range and does n't do a lot of damage could possibly improve this by having it chain damage to close-by enemies ?
his jump pack is hard to control and more often than not just gets you killed and his ult suffers from a mix of all these issues limited range not a lot of damage hard to control .
his shield barrier is the only useful thing this hero does in my opinion .
she does have some decent utility most notably her ult however her primary weapon has the same problems as winston 's limited range and damage while i 've heard some people say it 's powerful in my experience it never gets the job done quick enough .
her right click ability can be useful for dealing with shielded enemies but it 's very slow to fire and usually is n't worth switching to if you need to counter a shield .
her sentry turrets do n't do much besides slow enemies down since they do n't do a lot of damage no matter how many you have stacked up and only take one shot to destroy completely and splash damage can clear an entire room of them .
her photon shields can be a useful team buff and her ult can save an objective under the right circumstances but with no offensive capabilities and generally boring gameplay nobody will play her long enough to get her ult charged .
this is also another hero that i very rarely saw get played and even rarely saw played correctly/well .
a great hero that has a lot of utility but was done correctly was mei she is very powerful offensively and defensively with both her attacking power but mostly her utility is amazing .
her ice walls freezes and blizzard can be very clutch and block off important players such as widowmakers and freeze a team push in their tracks .
when it comes to op heroes i do n't think there 's a bigger offender than d.va .
she essentially has two usually more lives and even her light gun in zero suit '' form does a decent amount of damage .
her kit is amazing and paired with her high health/armor she 's incredibly powerful and does n't have a decent counter .
widowmaker and zenyata come to mind but all it takes is a booster or defense matrix to escape and again even if you take out her mech you then have a second life to deal with .
players should most definitely get points for destroying her mech similarly to torbjorn 's turrets or symmetra 's sentries .
her ult also quite literally screams nerf this '' you can basically send a mini nuke into your enemies pick up a few kills off it and then instantly call in a brand new mech with 500 more health to burn through .
now reinhardt 's problem is n't that i think he is too op he 's a great hero and very powerful .
my only concern is that i think he is just too essential to a team build .
he 's an amazing tank with another great kit .
his shield is second to none when it comes to team utility and strategy and he is usually the most important hero when it comes to team pushes and such .
his entire kit makes him a versatile champ who can be a threat from up close or far away and there 's not a lot of counters to his 2k health shield the most effective of which is a reinhardt dash which is counter-intuitive to counter a hero with the same hero since he also counters you .
one more thing i 'd like to bring up is the play of the game most notably reaper .
i saw almost everyone even the people playing reaper complaining about how boring and predicatable his plays are oh wow he pressed q '' is usually what i hear when there 's a reaper play of the game .
i would also like to see supports get some love with play of the game i do n't think they are represented enough and are the unsung heroes of a good team .
i 've read it plenty as i 'm sure all you have if it 's the turret or self-destructing mech that 's getting all the kills the camera should show the game from that perspective .
lastly i 'd like to say that even though i believe d.va to be the most overpowered hero of the game and reinhardt to be the most essential in team builds they are also two of my favorites and so maybe that is why i felt they were powerful however after playing against them plenty as well i feel this is not the case .
i 'm hoping this is n't against the rules did n't see anything about it in the code of conduct but here is a highlight of some of my best d.va gameplay that i think really showcases how powerful she can really be at times warning nsfw as there is plenty of swearing .
edit forgot to mention my biggest concern about the game .
while i know it is beta and there is plenty of time before release the game feels as if it is nearly completed .
the versatility and uniqueness of heroes is great the balance is nearly there and the gameplay is absolutely fun .
the biggest thing that overwatch needs at the moment in my opinion of course is more maps or possibly different game modes .
that 's all i really have to say about that thanks for reading !
edit and lastly my most wanted feature that would greatly improve the longevity of this game for me especially if there is not going to be a progression system which i do n't think that it needs is a ranked mode system .
it would probably need to be more complicated than hearthstone 's ranked although even that would be better than nothing .
something similar to cs go or rocket league would be a great place to start .
i picked up gta 5 a few months ago but have never been able to properly play it because of this issue .
what 's happening is about every half second or so the game will freeze for a tiny fraction of a second .
my framerates stay up just fine aside from the stuttering .
it happens both offline and online and regardless of what my graphics settings are .
i 've reinstalled my gpu drivers twice and scoured the web for anyone else with the same problem to no avail .
the stutters are pretty much constant except when standing perfectly still leading me to guess that the issue has something to deal with my computer not being able to load in new game elements quickly enough .
also driving too quickly causes the map and building textures not to load at all which is nice .
i bought a 58 inch hisence tv from them yesterday i got a good price because i bought the display model..
i 've noticed that after running for about 2 hours there 's an audible buzz and hiss that wo n't go away unless the tv is turned off and unplugged for half an hour .
i do n't know much about electronics or repairs and do n't want to have to get the tv sent away one day after i purchased it .
i would rather just exchange and pay the difference for a better brand or get a refund completely and go somewhere else .
so i just started looking into my family tree and i 've found tons of amazing stuff on my paternal grandfather 's side robert townsend a.k.a samuel culper of the culper ring is my 9th great grandfather !
however my paternal grandmother is 100 japanese and married my grandfather career military until the 70 's in 1955 .
considering they 'd been at war not 10 years prior there was n't much incentive for the u.s government to keep her records .
however i know she 's from just outside rural town within kurihara miyagi prefecture called kurikoma .
i 've been there and it 's totally the middle of nowhere so i 'm not sure how much written record really exists .
i have the history back to about 1920 but after that not so much .
however her father was from a wealthier family in tokyo so that may be a better avenue ?
anybody think he could show up if he were to drop his new album sometime in the next few months ?
i think i have seen in this sub people saying they sent chase a private message about their accounts .
i want to lower my credit limit on 2 of my cards so that i have room '' for more cards .
what is the best way to go about doing this ?
i had a oneplus one which i passed on to my wife.. cyanogen mod is wicked so much customization .
i do n't want to lose the functionality of the stylus etc .
am i stuck with the stock firmware or do i have options ?
i am trying to model the interaction of deer vs hunters .
deer population grows logistically in the absence of hunters .
the presence of hunters depresses deer population at a rate jointly pro-portional to current deer population and hunters population
the hunters are attracted to the forest at a rate directly proportional to current deer population .
the hunters are discouraged from hunting at a rate directly proportional to the number of hunters that are already in the forest .
i have come up with equations let u be deer population and v be hunter population
i do n't really know how to set up dv/dt since 4. does n't make sense to me and i 'm not sure that my du/dt is right .
for me i 've had a bunch but today takes the cake .
after pete said lynch was good to go i dropped rawls for draughn .
draughn played ok in ppr but now i 'm sitting at 3rd on the waiver with almost no chance at rawls not to mention i still have n't won my week while i fight for a playoff spot .
what 's been your biggest regret and how do you not let it haunt you ?
first off i know this is a lot to ask because i really do n't just need to improve my life in one specific arena .
i feel like my entire life is falling apart .
ok so some background info on me i guess .
i 'm 17 male gay raised by a single mom lower-middle class i think .
on the outside you 'd probably think my life is great .
top of my class several good friends no debilitating illnesses .
but i 'm really struggling to get my life together and because i have no idea where else to go for help i 'm just going to list my problems here in this post and see if anyone can help with them .
i 'm not fat but i 'm not as skinny as i used to be .
people still say i 'm really thin but i ca n't stand the fat around my stomach .
i pull on it a lot and squeeze it hoping it will go away somehow .
i 've been working out lately and my abs are being built but they 're hidden by the layer of fat .
but even though my abs are getting stronger pretty much nothing else is .
my pecs are pathetic arms slightly flabby back muscles nonexistent and my butt may as well not exist .
every time i look up a workout routine i just do n't stick to it .
i ca n't afford a gym but i have this barbell set one of the few things i have from my dad and a pull-up bar thing .
problem what exercises should i do for each body part ?
whenever i feel like i 'm not making enough progress on my body i binge eat .
i just think oh well it 's not working anyway might as well binge and enjoy myself . ''
i try to eat healthy usually but it just consists of apples greek yogurt fiber one bars and mixed nuts .
granted as a gay teenager i do n't have much romantic experience anyway but i have no idea how i would even flirt '' or get somebody 's number or anything like that .
i can recognize when other people are flirting with others but i have no clue how to do it myself .
it 's gotten to the point where nobody even thinks of me as a sexual person .
and by sexual i do n't mean like sex-crazed or promiscuous but people scoff at the idea of me having sex .
problem how do i be flirty with people i am interested in ?
how do i be thought of as sexual '' ?
it 's why i ca n't even think of approaching people to hit on them or initiate anything .
basically i 'm just tired of googling all these answers at midnight in my bed and reading so so many articles with such different advice .
hopefully someone here can help even with just one problem .
please be specific with your answers because i am really stupid and need everything spelled out for me .
i 'm 18 years old and up until last couple weeks i would regularly say gd and was n't religious .
so today i prayed to god asking to make things better .
and that i was going to live through him if he answered my prayer .
i do n't know if this is how it works .
in one sbs i forget which volume it is there is an information of shp 's job if they are not pirates .
now i wonder what job that will not fit to sh members .
zoro tour guide he will guide you the wrong way
sanji surgeon something will happen if the patient is female .
chopper butcher as he understand what the animal is talking probably he will stop .
when the animal is about to slaughtered the animal is always screaming .
if you have other list just post it here .
this is one of my first posts on reddit so please forgive me if i 'm doing it wrong .
i am a nib collector and last week i procured myy after my first amiibo campout .
long story short i protect my amiibo in retroprotection boxes due to a very curious cat .
i was wondering if anyone had heard rumblings of some sort of protector box for the myy ?
i do n't know if this belongs here but creativity has been a way i have dealt with depression for years .
when life was really rough for me i wrote a lot of poetry and journal entries .
when things started easing up a bit i started to paint and draw more use photography and at times combined writing with drawing/painting .
i sort of hit a point lately where i just do n't want to try .
i do n't want to deal with failure i do n't want to deal with the shitty feeling of not being able to do something well i do n't want to deal with other people being non-chalant and uninterested in what i 'm doing ... and plus it feels so much harder .
it 's like i just have nothing to give .
there have n't been that many points in my life where i have been this kind of depressed .
i miss doing this stuff it just feels like my inner critique has turned into a gigantic monster who hates everything lately .
my son was diagnosed with severe asd when he was nearly three .
he 's eight now and reaching that age when he 's a bit tougher to handle ...
one thing he 's never got though is traffic .
clear communication and understanding between people for messages to get through .
the offer of brownies seems to cut through almost any fog .
on the other hand does n't wprk so well .
they want us to follow up with training that looks more like operant conditioning than i 've ever seen .
push it out to fifteen when we can get ten without hesitation .
this is way beyond a reasonable way to treat a human being .
i can catch him over fifteen yards but not over five or ten .
in a parking lot or by a road he could be under the wheels of a car before i could get moving .
literally '' trying to condition him to stop at my every command .
of all the things i imagined doing with my children .
in particular encouraging them to stretch out on their own and disobey me ...
i love my son and ethics are trumped by reality .
we are reservists and he 's failed 5 pt tests in a row .
he 's gotten an lor after his 3rd failure and there 's been no word on whether or not he 's getting discharged from him or his supervisor .
i 'm worried now about what is going to happen .
does it take a long time for the process to go through ?
i 've been wanting to write a novel for a while but have n't had much practice .
should i start by writing short stories or should i just start by plunging into novel writing ?
have randomly seen art fighting his synth self while wandering through the game few days ago .
i could have sworn i killed the synth one had a synth component in loot now i just completed a mission for kessler in bunker hill and someone decided to attack it turned out to be art after taking him down there was another synth component not sure if this was just random or if the mission completion triggered it and art was specifically after me ?
after the first encounter he said he wanted to be left alone possibly went hostile when i walked away i remember looking back and he got really shakey on screen and glitched through the ground perhaps he ended up in bunker hill shrugs
is there anywhere to get more background info on this or is he an easter egg ?
every time i open the game it loads up and then gets to the authentication .
connecting ... '' screen and never proceeds beyond it .
this just recently started happening out of the blue and it only happens with heroes hearthstone works just fine .
which leads me to believe that this is an issue on blizzard 's end .
i looked and noticed that many other people are having this issue and i have seen no working solutions from blizzard .
does anyone know if any shops out there sell jimmy the juice man ?
my girlfriend is out there staying at the cleveland heart hospital and is running out of juice .
when you asked if it was for gaming i thought you meant streaming as well .
i plan to eventually stream make a youtube channel .
you know burgess meredith was a real stick man right ?
in edh that could give a turn one three drop .
i play the same ppl every night regardless of division .
ea are crashing the market as we speak to lure everyone back .
bale was 100k in fifa 15 around june and that 's with all the coin sellers .
expect him to get lower than that in fufa 16 because of lack of coin sellers and nobody playing this game .
did someone rip off this content and horribly re-lay it out ?
it 's not a great example of editorial design or at least is sloppy or seems unfinished .
it looks like it was done by a first year student .
despite being designed as spreads the gutter margin is too small there is no paragraph spacing and lots of other 'mistakes ' or poor technical skill throughout .
in terms of what it 's actually saying about grids it even points out that the grid is primarily dictated by the content and application meaning that it can vary from one design to another .
the only consistent factor is use a grid . ''
yeah ... it 's a shitpost but it 's also true that daring question the eu in this sub is a no-no because no one understands the eu and because of that we 're not allowed to have negative opinions of that because our more engaged peers feel that negates any opinion anyone might have on the subject which is totally how democracy works .
ya know i 'm kind of hoping the kickstarter fails and then cfc gets kicked out of fountain the next week .
sure if you have a ps4 the psvr will be available mid next year and that 'll get you a plug-n-play consistent experience for less than the price of the min spec 970 card or similar .
that 's a bit of a guess but sony has gone on record saying they will sell this at/near cost in order to grow the userbase .
and if you do n't think the ps4 is capable of offering a great vr experience check out the upcoming title dreams from mediamolecule that will be playable in vr ...
they implemented a lot of fraud prevention but ive never heard of that ...
the points about fov drawgun and hitsounds are much more imortant than ppl think .
perhaps you really need to have been playing a shooter for x amount of years/hours before you appriciate these kind of things i 'd be surprised if the devs have the playing experience themselvs to know this .
i 've been playing id games since 1999 q3/ql mostly and we are very spoiled with cfg editing we have literally hundreds of different things we can change .
but having the ability to change to a fov up to at least 110 like you suggested is absolutely crucial .
a distinct and recognizable hit sound is good too .
they have some fairly cheap led strips that work with a remote .
about 18 and its powered by 4 pin molex .
the power brick that comes with it just converts the power to 12v which your power supply already does .
so you could easily splice the wires into a molex connector without having to buy an adapter .
why do we have to use labels to describe each other ?
we do n't say he 's the best insert race baseball player '' so why do we still feel the need to say that insert race guy i used to work with . ''
just like with some people and their sexual identity labels do n't always apply and can be insulting .
if i was to use a label i 'd have to say scottish-welsh-irish american which seems stupid .
i do n't understand the label obsession and hope it goes away during my lifetime .
i hate to be a killjoy but you should google toxoplasmosis
i take it you did n't realize that i just copied and pasted the review from rotten tomatoes after saying go on rotten tomatoes .
if/when i make another one i 'll take a bunch of photos and see what i can put together for you .
i 'm curious if you know what parts breakages '' the savage experienced during the trials ... are we talking fiddly things like grip panels and the extractor that could be fixed with a little better materials engineering or obvious gaping flaws like cracked slides and busted trigger mechanisms ?
the warriors are definitely having some fun of their own .
i being of group i cast my vote for group j 's u/writteninsanity .
i can imagen that the corn islands are like san blas in panama ?
i think it was perfectly fine to suit the tone of this video but i much prefer the faster paced ones .
also i listen to the podcast on 1.5x speed so it was quite jarring to go from super speedy grey to slow and serious grey !
i feel like i 'm the only person that gets super jelly when all my friends and family in ohio post snow pics .
the important thing is to find out what you really want then just shop around .
i like to order online because i lose patience shopping and driving .
i also enjoy packages showing up at my door .
obviously its subjective but i can never seem to understand the distressed white leg fad .
i logged into my amex app and saw all the offers and now i 'm worried i am going to spend all my money ...
exactly if you saved keith doughty weber and subban to only pp and ev hockey their offensive input would increase as well .
i feel this way about some people who post in general .
they always show up to tell everyone how they do n't like x band ''
congratulations dude i did n't know the last 10 times you posted
man ... you owning some shitty mainlander catering joint pretty much explains all of your comments in this sub
k the first few comments didnt cover this so i will .
when youre leaning forward and looking up like you would when playing a video game youre keeping your back straight which helps with inhalation getting more oxygen to the brain which helps with focus and fast thinking .
thats why when you get nervous you breath faster .
it only highlights what i said about ccp 's little experiment in anything-goes gameplay being a total failure .
they would either keep true to their libertarian dogmas and watch everyone quit eventually even the predator neckbeards as they ran out of prey or they would have to lay down some viable law .
and the game prospered for some time because of it .
i freely admit i 'm cheap so i do n't see that as a negative but then i do n't really have the money to not be cheap ...
yeah why go to a completely new set for one episode when you can keep reusing the same ones over and over and over and over for an entire season or two ?
if i remember correctly i 've heard that the nazis booby trapped toilets during wwii
hm ... so i probably should go for a l d
ive been thinking should i stop doing dailies in order to level up slower but then i would give up on a littre
i want to get as strong as possible without leveling up and getting littres will take a while i have yet to see one in the daily match or in the scouts im rank 38 if that matters
swears to god vishnu amd even grandmother that he hasnt made up any of the story ... first sentence lets call her angelique '' sounds like thats not her real name op nice try buddy
are you trying to imply that there is some kind of state sanctioned genocide happening to these refugees ?
cause except for a couple small groups of people who actually should be refugees there is n't any genocide .
just complaints that there is war going on near them .
congratulations playa you just earned yourself a 1 on 1 match with da bray wyatt .
well yes it has to do with behaviour patterns .
obviously its attraction to one another be it physical or personality wise .
i guess when you become initially attracted to someone that 's when you begin to have feelings 'sparks ' and if your feelings 'sparks ' are being reciprocated then i guess both your sparks '' or in other words attraction for one another is growing '' .
and i guess from the mutual attraction there is a possibility for a relationship to ensue .
the standard shitting-on countries do n't really help the downfall '' narrative though .
cool was n't sure if that 's how it worked in the past .
flam yes you have to raise your stat to 10 then take a chem that lowers the stat you 're trying to raise .
once the chem wears off it 'll be at 11 then you can get the bobblehead to hit 12 !
wasntme and since your settlements ' population is capped based on your charisma that seems to be the one some folks are using this trick on .
i ordered my ce through best buy so i just contacted their customer service dept and told them i had n't received it .
it 's a single code but if you 're uk it might be 2 codes .
i too would hate it if they reset the game/made us make new characters .
i would love to keep my 3 characters with me throughout my career in the destiny universe .
someone brought up a good point about an advantage for those who have been playing the game for 1-2 years and i agree .
however what if they let us keep our characters with our faction and shop rankings stats etc .
that would be a compromise i would be ok with .
i just want to be able to look back and say wow my warlock my main has 103k kills . ''
it seems like every mention of fo4 is met with '' why could n't have obsidian made this '' '' god the engine must be the source of every problem in the game '' '' something something witcher 3 something something '' it 's getting stupid and repetitive to search for the bad in a game at this point
our company has four workstations editing 6k material on 4k timelines over 10gbe on a 32 drive sas raid6 san i built myself .
the server is a mac pro 8core with a small-tree 4 port 10gbe card and all workstations are directly connected to the server which controls 2 16 bay expander bays of sas drives using an areca 6g controller card .
i am thinking about adding a switch and aggregating the server 's ports but i am not sure if that will increase the bandwidth to the server .
you should absolutely be able to drop down a tier .
i was placed in gold for swat but i 'm consistently carrying plats diamonds and onyxes .
is hidden mmr that big a factor in your games ?
in all honesty why am i playing people ranked '' 3 tiers higher than me .
why even have ranked if it 's just a mostly linear thing .
you should only be playing people that are like 4 arbitrary number ranks from you .
for example a gold 6 should be playing gold 2 through plat 4 to keep it more balanced .
in old halo you always came up on someone that was within 3-4 levels of you in matchmaking .
if the tiers are to have any weight they should be pretty separated in skill to achieve them .
i meant he has n't turned yet which is presumably the event that triggers other walkers to stop eating .
a hilarious show with a crazy plot line you are 100 guaranteed to love it or your money back !
i 'm going to bet her family was killed by wolves .
you know when i first saw the promo for jss '' which showed a clip of enid staring out of a bloody window i thought that 's what they were setting up .
i 'll be interested to see if the battlefront twilight company del rey is released today or in the next few days .
otherwise we 'll probably just see the set slowly fade away .
for a set that has been so popular they 've done a poor job of keeping interest up for it or communicating .
nobody has any idea if it 's over is there an award i 've given up on this will a new card just be released when a new book is released so only 4 or 5 more cards over the next year ?
i 've seen tons of tweets at jer or other topps staff regarding these topics over the last 6 or 7 weeks and every single one of them has been ignored .
if you do n't have any of them then it 's an amazing deal .
however as it stands the only ones i do n't have on some x1/x360 is tales from the borderlands .
so i 'll probably just pick that up for 10 .
if minecraft story mode was included i 'd be all over it my nephew is obsessed .
i do n't like using the heat strips as they are incredibly inefficient .
we have a heat pump which will work up until about 35 degrees outside after which the thermostat will switch on the heat strips but at that point we use other means of heating that are more efficient than heat strips .
the outside fan runs when the thermostat is set to heat it does not run when it 's set to emergency heat .
when it 's set to emergency heat all it does is recycle the air in the house without heating it where as before with the old braeburn thermostat it would use heat strips to heat up the air .
at the moment i worry it might be using the heat strips while the thermostat is set on regular heat that 's why i was wondering how one can tell if it 's using the heat strip or not .
not that it makes too much of a difference but we are in north florida .
we should spend less on defense and more on healthcare poverty and education .
i see the gators eking out a 7-6 win in the swamp .
their tone and flow are very very similar and actually i would say they have more similar levels of lyricism than you think .
there 's no need to condescend biggie is my favourite of all time but i know as do all his fans that as much as he rapped with great lyricism about his life and his peers he name-dropped brands and alcohols and spoke about women in just the same way that ross does now .
i think it 's easy to mention rick ross and easily think of a guy with no taste with too much money and that seems more at home on a dj khaled collaboration than he does on his own album but i still think he has more in common with b.i.g .
than you think listen to his verse on devil in a new dress again .
well it does n't have to be a terrible idea .
it conjures the imagery of north carolina 's place in history as the first in flight '' .
sure cary is a bit of a haul from kill devil hills one of the coolest names in american geography but it is part of the state 's dna .
the triangle remains one of america 's leading technological/technical development hot beds .
after thinking about it ... it is much more of an homage to all of carolina than a fictional bird that no one understands .
what if we just started showing up at big 10 stadiums ready to play ?
the one perk is i can spot stuff like this quick .
i remember thinking soon they 'll be 70 and i wo n't be able to afford gaming anymore '' .
little did i expect they 'd eventually just sell you half the game and if you wanted the other half you 'd have to pay extra .
screw that i just wo n't buy it at all .
thanks for making my decision easy ea you shit company .
funny you talk about the critics on over-editing because i bet if i were to upload the non edited pics without the blue water then it wouldnt have even caught anyones attention and just would of been buried ... ... .u cant make everyone happy .
because they did n't sell much to result in significant loss .
the first is how can i smear your name ?
what 's in that email that you do n't want other people to find out about ?
second why do you think they 're not interested unless you have 'suspicious activities ' ?
the government is made up of people just like you and me with all their faults .
why would you trust one of them more than you 'd trust a stranger on the internet ?
after you 've got an answer read this http www.shanghaidaily.com/world/uk-apology-for-undercover-police-sex/shdaily.shtml and then think about your answer .
your post kinda makes me feel like a vain douche for taking sarms for 'fun ' .
man i ca n't wait for del rio to break away from this whole mexerica thing .
it 's one of those things where you are surprised at just how down to earth and relatable and nice he is .
even if you go into it already knowing he is .
o-o i am a female and i do not do this ... ..spaghetti maybe but not that
depends on pg ratio of the juice which adds more flavor than the nicotine .
there 's very little taste difference between max vg 3mg and 0mg nic .
we sure it is n't just a random number generator ?
yeah it will be fun to do shiny giveaway on my own without having to rely on someone else to do the cloning for me much more freedom .
there are many things i do n't know about powersave yet but with practice i 'm sure i 'll get the hang of it soon
that plus them hating taiwan and japan made that hilarious !
his voters show up in droves to his rallies so it sounds like they are quite motivated and enthusiastic
the reason it hits more than 1 is because the japanese text does not state 1 monster so it 's most likely it 's an error lost in the translation .
the billionaires that own your asses and your foreign policy are the sick fucks .
compared to then and their agenda syria was a paradise .
no offense or anything but this technique is pretty much fild except you use something else other than your finger
okay at least there being so many accents seems very french but i 'm thinking there 's probably more variety of french accents then in illaíne .
i slept in until 1 in the afternoon mst .
holy shit i genuinely thought that was it for reigns i got so excited .
of course but that gpu is n't worth much today .
and i would n't spend that much on one because it 's really lacking today .
at least it 's not worth that if you 're pairing it with a low end system that does n't need much anyway .
it 's not a good match with a top end i7 today .
i actually just upgraded from my 570 which is pretty similar to a 660 because it could n't keep up with new games .
do i 'm assuming if you got his pc you 'd upgrade the gpu anyway .
so i matched similar parts from a more recent generation there 's actually newer but it 'll cost a little bit more .
and if you can get brand new parts for what you 'd spend on old parts the used pc is n't much of a deal .
i think 600 is an ok price but you can never start off with what you 're willing to pay because he 's going to want to go up from that .
spike msn ' waters gatorade champagne bull semen whatever they drink pregame to give them super powers with lsd right before the game .
actually would be better to just spike one of their waters otherwise the game is up and people will know that it was a conspiracy right away if more than one of them go crazy .
the key here is to have some kind of blackmail material against one of msn so that by the time people find out they were on lsd during the game you can make them give a false confession and claim it was their own doing .
that gives about 20-30 minutes before they start seeing flying bats and hearing god ask where all the bees went .
so right before the half you get them to score a hat-trick of own goals .
then by the time the half is up the damage is done .
park the bus and hope to shit that you can hold off the onslaught .
pretty sure the paper/thaumic modifiers are to let you know you get an extra modifier slot ?
yeah i was pretty sure of the answer but just wanted to get a second opinion before i reuse these boards for another project .
make sure the 24 and the cpu eps are plugged in
if your name isnt goldburg or rhyno the spear is not a finisher
as lame as it sounds life it what you make it for the most part .
this build also assumes you 'll be taking advantage of the special book and the perception bobblehead .
complete with a suit and top hat he wonders the wasteland with his trusty .44 .
he uses his incredible charisma to sweet talk folks into getting what he wants and uses his genius level intellect to hack terminals upgrade his weapons and craft super sciency stuff .
when outnumbered the british gentleman can easily sneak in and out of places giving him ample opportunities to get behind an enemy and pop 'em with his .44 .
s3 allows you to get the armorer perk which allows you to craft armor upgrades .
p3 once you have the perception bobblehead you 'll be able to get the locksmith perk .
also allows you to get the rifleman perk if you prefer rifles .
e4 allows you to get the chem resistant perk which is a great help at higher difficulties .
also gives you more health so you ca n't complain .
c6 this is for speech checks and the local leader perk although cap collector and lone wanderer are n't too bad either .
i6 this gives you access to the gun nut hacker scrapper science !
and chemist perks all of which i 'd recommend picking up .
a3 gives you the gunslinger perk which is necessary for the build as well as the sneak perk which is just generally helpful .
extra sneaking power is also great for sneaking into piper 's bedroom .
oh yes and the commando perk if you like automatics .
there is no level cap so picking x perk over y perk is n't too big of a deal .
feel free to choose any perks that appeal to you .
with that being said locksmith and hacker are fantastic perks to have early-game armorer and gun nut are necessary for armor and weapon crafting/modifying science !
is great for base upgrading and gunslinger increases pistol damage .
local leader is pretty much needed so you do n't blow a gasket transferring resources everywhere .
can specialize in every weapon type but melee heavy and radiation .
high intelligence for more awesome perks and an increased experience gain .
i think it would look better without the kangaroo .
we got a 3 year as my boss plans on retiring in about 3 years .
yeah well if you forget about the licensing in 3 years those firewalls will retire too .
in my experience building a container in your settlement is pretty safe i 've never had apparel power armor parts or just random junk taken .
the only trick to it seems to be only storing weapons and keeping the ammo on your person .
if a settler can get to a new weapon and the ammo for it they 'll happily swipe it from a box .
i look forward to the death of primetime dalton and the emergence of a beautiful fiery ginger goat .
did n't even know that this was a thing the parody i am looking for was made by 2 well known actors srry
i dont think so pretty sure he didnt kill tsukiyama he just made him pass out hope im right dolce ''
that 's the consequence when you carpet bomb like there 's no tomorrow .
stranger in a strange land is one of my all time favorites .
spent a lot of time in raleigh serving out of goldsboro .
i mean he went 8/16 for 109 yards and a 115 rating http espn.go.com/college-football/player/_/id/3127332/marcus-mcmaryion .
and he 's got a similar name to the famous poster line https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=hvfzi3enhxq .
his eyes go wide and he looks around for kaylie .
i 'm finding it difficult to listen to the cds due to the voice .
it 's yodel-yelping on almost every goddamn phrase and voice cracking .
musically it 's good not bad mixing but the fucking voice holy crap .
i 've heard recordings of john anderson live a few years ago and constant touring is n't always the death of a voice .
i wonder if it has to do with him smoking all those years ago .
anyone know if he was trying to butch it up '' back in the 80 's by using cigarettes ?
there has to be a time when someone in the organization had to sit down and talk .
retire vocally and bring in a singer/keyboardist who will play the parts ged triggers anyway .
i know i 'm being my typical harsh critic here but i really want the blu ray for the visuals but judging from this it will go unwatched .
it 's sad and painful and nobody wants to sit in the control room during mixing and say to him can you not hear this ?
dammit i 'm a friggin grouch but still ... .
i have both at 6 and hulk has his uni and despite the large increase to his base stats every single problem he had still exists so it did n't ultimately fix anything .
her only downfall is she has mediocre to lower damage .
trying to get rid of the little bit i have left of this .
i like it but i dont think it 's anything but 'just good ' now that i 've tried more fragrances .
any thoughts on this one of any others that are similar ?
the topic of partition '' a really loaded word filled with bogeymen on both sides tends to revolve around the notion of anglophone-majority areas seceding from quebec .
but the question of first nations and inuit in quebec is a much larger issue one where acting unilaterally will win quebec few friends in the international community .
to be honest if pkp can find a way to promote independence that doesn't take current borders as sacrosanct which has until now been a real article of faith in the separatist movement i 'd say he has a better chance of winning a third referendum than did the first two .
we are n't exactly slimming it and lsu is not a program i consider to have deeper pockets than fsu .
i bet it has something to do with the change in the afterlife .
when i started playing i did n't know what happened to all my stuff .
once i ascended i got a mess of karma to make up for the skills they took away .
nothing gets me more hyped for football than carrie underwood !
for a split second i thought del rio could 've done it .
my father was second in his class in forestry with a masters in soil science .
they told him we 're only hiring women right now we ca n't accept you .
the jimmy choo illicit has a very similar vibe to black opium but is n't as floral you should check it out
call them up and say '' i only want x amount of food '' i bet they would do it
this is n't about judging male sexuality '' it 's about thinking that this is a shitty way to view half of the population .
women are more than just a warm place to put it ... there 's more to us than that .
but making our sexual availability the most important factor by which you assess whether she 's worth your time does n't reflect that at all .
it 's pretty much the same with a woman deciding that a man is n't worth dating if he has n't spent hundreds of dollars on her by the third date .
once you do that you can resolve 99 problems in india .
each state needs to be a country like europe ... they can then form a coalition like eu for defence external affairs and currency etc .
maybe i 'm old but all i see is wah i ca n't compete on their level so someone must drag them down to my level so i can compete fairly on a lesser level ''
the sad reality is that no you still wo n't be able to compete with the top player because time investment will equal greater gear greater gem levels or just outright greater skill .
if you are willing to invest 16-20 hours of your life a day to be among the best and you have the inherent skills to be there than your going to be there no matter the arbitrary restrictions someone tries to place on the group .
if you do n't like vertical progression mmos why were you playing one ?
i 'm here because i 'm bored of horizontal progression mmos .
from what i understand that 's kind of a running joke in the fallout universe .
prewar america made food with so many preservatives that it 's still not rotten or moldy 200 years later .
bottom line fancy lad snacks are like twinkies and they are probably fucking gross .
i checked when i was there he does n't have it .
looks like i 'm gon na have to handhold you through this one .
this is why i really do n't like talking with obviously-mistyped infps like yourself .
this is the meat and potatoes of what i said
love it or hate it you 're gon na have to get known in a group environment to win friends and acquaintances .
i tend to have a hard time with it too so i understand where you 're coming from .
what kinds of careers are you looking to get into ?
i suggest you join a professional organization angling in that direction and make yourself known there that means attending social events etc .
it sounds tedious and it can be at first but once you get the hang of things you 'll be getting to know people you 're intending to work with and getting in their good graces too .
what i pointed out as anyone with an ounce of fe can plainly see is that you ca n't just passively hope to pick up a social group .
even on the internet you have to seek your social groups out .
i also pointed out that joining a social group directly related to where the op is trying to go has important positive career benefits .
faith communities tend to be full of unskeptical sheep sports groups are usually very competitive which is annoying .
you proved you missed the point because what i said is
another angle to consider if you 're a man of faith or at least spiritually-inclined is to join a faith community like a church or synagogue or mosque .
good ones are incredibly accepting and as a rule you do n't have to do much more than show up to get known .
if you ca n't tell that phrases like if you 're a man of faith or at least spiritually-inclined imply that this advice is n't saying do this but is rather if you 're interested in x consider y then that 's a problem with your own lack of fe not with what i said .
the same holds true with my physical comment where i initially said
another suggestion find a physical activity you like doing and then find a group centered around that physical activity .
for instance hiking or camping or ultimate frisbee or roller derby .
no one in their right mind would consider camping '' or hiking '' competitive activities '' .
you 're an infp trying to prove an entp wrong .
and you like most infps attempting just that are discovering that it 's very very hard for an fi-dom to prove a ti-user wrong .
listen to the music you like or thinks fits your personality .
you wo n't like skiing to everything others are skiing to .
some of my staples include lorde bon iver mgmt m83 ben howard alt-j childish gambino raury kanye naked and famous head and the heart foster the people the neighbourhood two door cinema club half moon run fleet foxes odezsa angus and julia stone and coldplay
i 'm probably going to add in some jamie xx raury 's new stuff volcano choir the new missy elliott song j cole beirut the weeknd the hills just that song seems like it would be great for skiing absofacto big grams and some other stuff .
sprained my ankle two weeks ago and i was n't ready to go this weekend .
as an outsider can someone share what the different regions of singapore are known for or stereotyped as ?
i recall one taxi driver saying west singapore jurong should be republic of west singapore or something as they live their own way and would break away if they could .
it would be pretty funny if every subreddit had its own wikipedia article with accurate subscriber and post count that gets updated daily .
wait did we already see what the bait '' was or is it coming up ?
the annihilator has high wall penetration not sure where you heard that it has none .
and hitmarkers are server side so if you get one you 've definitely dealt damage .
yep everyone kept telling me about the morning sickness oh it 'll go away at 12 weeks '' and then oh it 'll go away at 16 weeks '' etc ... nope not for me ! !
at this point i 've resigned myself to taking the diclectin right up until i deliver .
if it was sacrsam i 'd use s cos most people do n't sacrcasm .
when india was near bankruptcy in 1990 one of the changes made was not just libarlization but also building of a lot of roads .
the logic was if the govt improves connectivity the businessmen and rest will take care of economic endevours '' .
i do n't know about worst but dazed and confused may just be the best .
should rename it intel extreme practice san jose since that 's what it was for most of the teams lol .
got ta give a couple of these teams more time and some regular season games to see the effects of the roster changes better .
tsm and clg look pretty good uol are still their shaky selves w/o kikis even more so w/o poe .
i learned how to both snap and whistle within a few months the key is just to fail at it again and again .
if i had to guess i 'd say lynch gets surgery in philly and it ends his season .
i 'm sure he wants to play but lynch is n't stupid .
he 'll do what 's better for him and let rawls keep ballin .
roman reigns is the real mr. money in the bank
yeah it 's a bit like travelling to foreign countries as a canadian tourist speaking english and getting offended at people assuming you 're american .
this comment has been overwritten by an open source script to protect this user apos s privacy and to help prevent doxxing and harassment by toxic communities like shitredditsays .
if you would also like to protect yourself add the chrome extension tampermonkey https chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/tampermonkey/dhdgffkkebhmkfjojejmpbldmpobfkfo or the firefox extension greasemonkey https addons.mozilla.org/en-us/firefox/addon/greasemonkey and add this open source script https greasyfork.org/en/scripts/10380-reddit-overwrite .
then simply click on your username on reddit go to the comments tab scroll down as far as possibe hint use res http www.redditenhancementsuite.com and hit the new overwrite button at the top .
you na people are just salty that og will win this easy .
you 're an eu shitposter ... trying to stir shit up over a video game that ultimately does n't matter .
it matters in the same sense that it matters on non-claptons .
for tc the resistance wire part affects heating time while the nonresistance wire is what your resistance is based on .
but i think morgan will bring carol to a more human demeanor then die
pretty sure ron 's little brother is going to kill someone .
new vegas was made by obsidian the original creators of fallout .
they used the old engine to make their own version of fallout .
it 's because frisk is probably not the type of person to hurt anyone much less kill them .
when i see a really cute baby on facebook or reddit i almost cry because of their cuteness .
oh god i thought it was weird with just one in there !
that old man punch reminded me of this scene .
oh my god the teapot purse and the fur anklets .
i have never seen anything like them and i need them .
agreed probably the only type of person who i immediately cant stand and dont trust
no-one is talking about walking across the sea though .
it 's not connected by 'land ' its an underground tunnel underneath the sea bed and by the op 's definition traveling by ship train or plane should make no difference since that is all human engineering just like the channel tunnel .
off the top of my head and keeping with the punk theme ...
it 's probably that the company 's culture and talent is n't quite up to your level of commitment .
you 're a big fish in a small pond and over time it will prevent you from growing and reaching your potential .
you should plan you next move and start pursuing your next role at about the 8 month mark .
start networking and figure out what 's a good next step for you .
focusing on your next move will help you cope with the day to day you 'll have something to look forward to .
with the way rift is scored and the current spawn configuration it would not be fun .
also clash was a bad idea as well it took what little team focus there was in control and removed it .
if they are going to do anything special they should do an additional playlist with salvage and/or skirmish .
sure you 're restricted to being a ghoul but you could have been anything before that .
would also be a cool open ended way to interpret a parent finding their child just a desperate mission for closure instead of some pretty straightforward main questing .
i honestly like this idea much better and i 'm 78 hours into fo4 .
i work at a university in a lab and i had bright blue hair for years .
no one cared and in fact everyone was sad and missed it when i went back to my natural black .
it 's a hybrid philodendron the cultivar is possibly autumn '' or moonlight '' either way the care is essentially the same .
has there been a spill or hazardous environmental release of any comparable size on a river anywhere else in the world ?
sight-reading is a skill that needs time to develop .
even when you are an advanced pianists you will still practice hands seperated so that is no beginner only '' technique .
then at some point when you get to play harder pieces you will be able to sight-read easier ones .
it is hard to give detailed advice without knowing what your current level is .
if you are still in your first months of playing then no worries .
i get mine every year at the garden center at 4110 n elston .
i usually get it 10-14 days before christmas and i usually last about a month .
haha i remember my first time on a two stroke .
it was a yz80 and i thought it was really weak until i suddenly hit high revs .
and for the first time ever r/sc no longer says fuck sheamus ''
it 's so gratifying to score with these guys .
not a hybrid but i got a dara single clip iwb yesterday for my xds and i 'm real impressed so far .
intrigued i googled it found the following quote from a british bloke on a hair-loss discussion forum i am not making this up
i am a balding sikh and have recently started wearing a turban to cover the baldness .
based on the few conversations i 've had with sikhs i 'm pretty sure the last bit is a joke .
i spent almost an hour last night helping my sister find a place i found one that had 295 50 subbed and still working on it .
on my phone but i 'll post the link when i get home .
those were a long time ago before we became a superpower
those were direct threats against the sovereignty of the us
the revolutionary war did go down much like that .
then we just sent a few arms to an area and asked for volunteers to join the fight which often were stolen .
then shit got real and britain handed our asses to us for a bit .
our generals were complaining rightfully about the lack of training and support given to the troops .
finally we got some support from france and wealthy americans for professional soldiers and we barely won the war after that .
hmm the mic gain portion sounds like a good idea..i will toggle that and see .
having each record themselves is n't an option unfortunately as the recordings need to be interactive .
i had the same issue and just tried authenticating again on a different hotspot after the second or third try i was able to load the page and sign in .
it 's probably an issue with some people 's comcast modems not working correctly .
this makes me so excited to get my mini 14 this week .
i 'm sorry but i ca n't allow brigading of a yelp and facebook page for a business .
use outlook 's schedule assistant for fuck 's sake how hard is it !
i do n't i 've been selling the old one once i bought the new one and finished transferring .
it is for sure the 87c i bought it 4 weeks ago .
here are some of the reviews that include mentioning of terrible backlight bleeding
also this review includes some good photos of the bleed
the dumb faggots are mods in r/4chan you either message them dank memes or suck their feminine dicks
i am a nigger and this shitpost was performed automatically .
please deposit all dank memes to the mods here https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/4chan and request rare pepes for your time .
to those who own it i have a few questions .
does this product make you feel nauseous like cardboard ?
is it worth 100 200 or just something worth bragging about to friends ?
also is there hope for tje the note 3 to get support or is that device too graphically inferior ?
the range of an unsigned 32 bit integer is 2^32 1 while the range of an unsigned 64 bit integer is 2^64 1 which is a bit more than just 2 times 2^32 1
the thing is it was n't without regard for life it was with a higher regard for life .
she did it trying to protect people from getting sick and dying .
they had already seen that people had died from the sickness she was just being proactive if not a little misguided .
the idea is that there is a group of people who are likely to track you down and kill you .
if you hit zero it has the same consequence as say a business having zero stars on yelp .
i 'm designing mine to basically have a single entry point that 's a severe choke point guarded by 3-4 turrets and a manned guard tower .
i still intervene but it 's way easier if you set it up right .
i made the mistake of having multiple entrances early on and was super sledged in the back of the head before i realized what was going on .
to die by your side is such a heavenly way to die ... luv them
also knowing someone who goes abroad a lot and sells baccy for cheap .
sounds like quite the deal where do you find washers that fast ?
we know only of the meddling monk missy romana the rani and rassilon
clears throat and omega and narvin and irving braxiatel and borusa and susan and morbius and professor chronotis and the war chief and s the other '' and homunculette and iris wildthyme and larna and the minister of chance and pandora and did i mention the eleven ?
i do n't know if i should count muldwych and/or the valeyard ?
a mãe péssimo caráter vai pra reunião dos professores à força .
chega lá fica só olhando contando os minutos pra voltar pra casa e assistir a novela .
aí algum professor comenta do mau-comportamento do filho pra ela e ela só escuta sem interagir virando a cara .
chegando em casa ela senta a porrada no moleque bravejando por sua causa tenho que ficar indo nessas reunião de merda '' .
i was just placing a statistic for anyone who reads your statement that syria is lush in some areas and then extrapolates that to syria is lush all over
if someone does not know the meaning of have lots of desert '' then they are obviously english challenged and might not understand your post either .
i looked at vraxx and fell into a near unavoidable state of no return .
good for you for supporting warhawk clinton how do you feel about her flip flopping ?
colbert has in the past proven to be quite the knowledgeable christian .
this reminds me of my struggles in the speed challenge
haha that 's the spirit ca n't show too much wheelies on video since people have been convicted over stuff like that
ca n't find it in cydia is it on his private repo ?
i was high plat on league 95 support top 100 na janna main and now i main lt .
i look at it this way both with janna and lt if my team wins a fight and i have full hp either matchmaking was bad or i did n't do my job at a pro level .
i should always end a fight having taken damage for my team however little .
lt can heal a thousand in some number of seconds or can body block for a thousand in just one second .
so if they have a small number of heroes at their front '' and they have mostly dodgeable skillshots or are unlikely to completely burst me outright i will often make the decision to poke in '' ahead of my front line of melees/tanks .
i will take some damage on purpose to feel out what the neighborhood has in store .
the enemy 's movements tell me a little about whether or not someone else is waiting in that bush or what skills are currently up if a camp is being taken nearby and what kind of followup their frontline is expecting soon .
the trick is to just poke in '' not necessarily get close enough to do damage to them .
basically 90 of my not-behind-my-team movement with lt is faking as if i were n't paying attention to where i was walking .
the biggest win is getting them to overcommit where they waste skillshots or fuck up their gank/trap .
mana is the only thing you even have to watch .
but body-blocking is something every single character must be ready to do no matter how squishy .
if someone is low or taking an important objective or setting up an important kill/gank and it looks like you can help them by taking some hits it 's usually worth it to try .
i really have a ton more to say about supporting .
i 'm sure there is something like that that is happening because it 's not the first time this month that a card price double for no real reason in a day .
the 3d model is generally smaller for females thus allowing better view of all the artwork .
also ... .taking off all of the gear and seeing hunderwears .
you should consider what you 're going to be using it for .
if you need it for school you need to consider what programs you will be using .
for instance my wife needed microsoft office and libre did n't quite work .
also her calculator software would n't work through wine .
yep being level 90 and barely able to get the required damage before the game ended .
and admitting to still sleeping with a teddy bear at night .
you have to write 'twenty five year olds ' otherwise it does n't work .
admittedly wicked creek is pretty far from where ph is currently/has been staged but there have been a number of pl fleets in our area and little or no horde .
if they 're using them in such a manner it is certainly not obvious in any respect particularly given pl 's current nomadic nature .
she bop we all know what you are looking for .
nice job of the cutout did you get a good healthy hive out of it ?
i love control it 's my favorite mode but i did n't mind clash at all was a good change of pace .
and when i had some stand out matches was able to carry heavier loads .
haha 100 agree with ppl that there was ten times the team work .
63 wins 0 all pick 99 ranked all pick 0 single drafts and 1 unknown .
this bot attempts to analyze your last 100 games and averages out the stats .
i never stopped playing league or so but my friends did but come back sometime to play 1-2 games .
the thing is i take it a bit more seriously then them so it end up throwing a 40 min game when they dont care and i do .
so i just dont play with them or take a champ i suck with to play to their level .
tl dr bernie has 11.2 second place is 4.8 trump has 2.3 and thinks he deserves it but that time ca n't choose him '' because something something conspiracy .
the movies that have yet to come out this year would have to really really suck for the martian to ever get a best picture nomination .
i last did this drive in september and there were still long stretches of 2g unfortunately .
say what you want about hollywood or whatever but i think films these days are better than they 've ever been .
am i the only one who hoards lunch boxes thinking they should be worth something in some weird side quest ?
if someone is more open about something they 're into it seems to me that it would stand to reason that they 'd also be more likely to be explicit about it .
not op but in my experience this is true for many reasons ranging from it 's my duty to enlighten the world '' to anyone who is offended can shove it '' .
to be fair even people who have watched them and read the manga shit on them .
i finished the naruto manga and i 'll shit on periot for continuing to produce pointless filler when the show could have been wrapped up a few months ago .
same with one piece although since the manga is n't over the fillers are slightly more forgivable .
that link has a great listing of all nc area shows
just say that you 're going to do research on dissolving them both in various abnormal solvents
seriously though some of those airsoft guns are definitely not toys '' like you would consider nerf guns and super soakers .
though they 're nowhere near as dangerous as real '' guns they can still fuck some shit up https youtu.be/-lcikg3gwnu
in other words since they 're not toys they should n't be made to look like toys
need brady and amendola to socre 40 points to win probably 50 since the guy im playing has the ne d and ne kicker
please check your inbox as i have sent you a message about your post .
you can theoretically farm exotics from 28 poe if you get enough keys .
i got a mot3m over the weekend on my third time opening the chest .
i really wanted to get him while i saved up enough for gronk but after 5 games that thought is gone .
alexander followed her up the tree leaping between the branches and taking a stop before heading up again .
keep like that and i 'm gon na have to have some of that later pup . ''
he winked up to her before leaping to another branch and pulling himself up to it.
jessica felt guilty about killing luke 's wife so she followed him around and dug up info on him to see how he 's coping .
the parents felt guilty about their son 's actions so they came to town to see how people were coping .
i would give you gold if i had money ! ! !
i wish i could upboat '' this twice lol rofl !
such an overly dramatic show i ca n't even take it .
look at the camera zoom and gasp effects when he talks about benching ronaldo haha this video on facebook reached a million views i saw though
i love the hate for huni in this thread .
just a few month ago most thought he was the second coming of jesus .
do n't act like you would n't go to a different team for money .
they 're young have good talent and want money .
mine does the same although i do n't think it 's just boredom .
he also likes to lay that way and soak up the sun at times .
dude is n't going to have enough blood left for the fight
go back to cheap charlies and leave our niblings alone this sub is for elite sexypats .
it 's really hard to overcome such strong urges but you handled it !
the first time i tried to get sober i did n't change my lifestyle at all .
i still went out to the pubs and clubs all i did was replace booze with soda .
although i did n't realise it at the time the environment was wearing me down and it was only a matter of time before i cracked .
still on its original bulb and i have a spare bulb for when that one burns out .
and you realise that a 12 year anomaly period should not be the basis for any policy decisions ?
they did n't boo fnatic because they were not polish though .
why would you think best and charlton would n't be as good ?
you should have a look at the conditions the rules the balls they had in their time .
i think talented players like them would find it easier and be even better in this era .
only because they wanted to see him face ambrose .
it was pretty clear as soon as he entered for the main event that the crowd was going to favor ambrose .
i 've found that having a drug addiction and alcoholic tendencies helped me remain at the top of my confrontational game .
i 'd fall squarely in the pro-israel pro-jewish category here even if i would personally dispute that charge .
also you really need to see blue-black 's contributions in the modding side of things .
i do n't know i actually like it because it 's so over the top .
p makes your character look like some kind of max max villain .
that being said i hate the bladed heavy set .
imo if a job is worth paying someone to do then it is worth paying someone a living wage .
employers should not be allowed to take advantage of the existence of welfare food stamps medicaid etc to provide employee compensation and benefits .
if they have 8000 hours a week of work they need to hire 200 full-time employees paid above the poverty level with actual benefits .
not 500 part-time employees paid below the poverty level .
most of the people on gov't benefits are employed .
i should be taking a trip down to an aquascaping specialty lfs to see what they have lots of places around where i live do n't stock a wide variety of plants this other place though claims to have at least 50 different plant species in at any one time !
i 've had a few like that always feels good 3
you can finance it i saw e.g. flyers at dubois though never picked one up .
but if you 're also studying for the lsat and thinking about taking on law school debt ...
not a huge amount but i was surprised to see my castiel winged was worth about 25 on ppg .
... it 's like you read only one sentence before you started typing .
we know we are bad this year we do n't need the panthers to validate that belief .
i 'm saying any show we were going to put up was flushed after such a positive thing flips around for a 14 point swing .
does having bad reffing dampen a win in this perfect season so much you ca n't acknowledge they played part in the score gap ?
just a heads up when they attack they get frozen so run away and they ca n't hit you anymore .
it takes a while for the guards to finish off all those people but if you run out of the bank they ca n't chase
kafka on the shore is the most surreal murakami i think .
also anything by franz kafka some of his short stories are extremely surreal .
yes you 're the only person in the whole wide world .
cool that 's what i thought too i 'll drop in the gaming 7 .
sadly that 's about as high as i wan na go on a mobo 300ish
your defence might be a bit low for hat though ymmv .
omg he 's basically the only guy who could do both .
lol i used to run outside as soon as the bell rang at school full sprinting to talk to this girl i admired '' for an extra 2 minutes before the buses came .
somehow i thought this was normal for platonic interaction .
just put in my 9 votes for this hour .
the switch from 57.99 came after the 4th vote .
shit is like buying lottery tickets just a stupid stupid way to waste money .
religion is one major cultural difference between the us and my country i live in scandinavia that always amazes me .
in the us religious people seem very intense and apparently they love hell haha .
no but seriously from what i 've read on reddit they seem to talk about hell a lot it 's weird .
but for the general athmosphere in our society atheism is the default nowadays and i feel like i have to hide my faith .
none of my new friends know about my faith and make very rude comments christians are dumb they hate gays etc towards religious people sometimes .
i 've told this before but the last time i told an atheist friend about my faith she said i hated jews cause they killed jesus .
for me reddit is a place where i can talk about religion openly cause i really ca n't in my society or at least not in my sosio-economic group and for many american redditors it 's the same for them except that they are atheist .
if anything i thought older people embraced stupidity more than the current generation .
i 've heard that same story many times about how intelligent people used to get beat up in school in the past but i 've never really seen it happen today .
honestly the most popular kids in school these days are usually high achievers .
with 37 wins you can be in the top 6000 ? !
damn i chose the wrong tournament to not participate d
my skins are not showing up anyone find out how to fix it yet ?
3 elixir and 100 thimbles are my go to .
also that smile was so unnerving because i so rarely have ever seen krysten ritter smile
if you want a tl dr it was the four teams that did best in spring and summer demacia cups in an end-of-the-season match against each other .
matches were edg 3-2 snake ig 3-1 omg and edg 3-1 ig .
uzi was still playing for omg and he was chilling and laughing with cool afterwards so maybe they do n't actually hate each other ?
but demacia cup is often a last match before the 'real ' transfer season starts .
any chance you can point to the one you got ?
loads of laundry just wasted because things do n't ever dry .
it 's just a way for pedos to try to slip under the radar .
posted 2 days ago so i 've removed this .
just basically removing things you do n't think are porn .
this submission has been automatically removed because it is not a direct link .
please submit links ending in .gif .gifv .ogg .mp4 .webm only .
if it does not end in the aforementioned then the submission will be removed from r/gifs .
please review the guidelines in the sidebar about the types of submissions that are appropriate for r/gifs
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gifs if you have any questions or concerns .
the added cost of caring for the patients when they get lung cancer ?
a suggestion an option to sort spells by class ?
overseas territories '' also indicates that it is n't an integral part of the country .
the us uk and france all use that terminology to mean a territory that is not an integral part of the country .
it means the same thing as colonies but the term colonies '' is no longer politically correct .
my second thumb knuckle just does not bend like other people 's .
you have to say something to one of the two people you are seeing/talking to at least .
edit mm yes gim me more salt with those downvotessssss
this one 's a little on the easier side .
i call it no i 'm the king ! ''
i suppose still feel like i have a lot to learn as far as cw tactics go .
feels like such a waste to go in solo only to get demolished .
thanks for the tip will have a look at munki in the future !
apart from that i think i will not bother trying to setup ad with os x 10.8.5 and see if i can update the clients to os x 10.10 .
once i can be sure all needed plugins and tools are supported properly by 10.10 i will make a move .
the software requirements of the teams i administer are quite varied and unfortunately some workflows are based on old third-party software which is holding back the updating process .
my predecessor updated the machines in the past with pre-configured carbon copy cloner images and did this manually with an external drive .
this process is quite tedious and even though i could pull this off i wan na go down the netrestore route with images on os x server .
when i figured out how i can utilize the existing yosemite images and change them to netrestore images i think i will go for the whole backup wipe and reinstall all the clients '' process .
sou um entusiasta das politicas sociais implementadas nos governos do pt mas ha de se reconhecer que a qualidade dos correiros que era excelente no governo psdb caiu muito nos anos petistas .
correios é um dos poréns que tenho em relação aos governos petistas deveriam ter cuidado mais dessa empresa que é um patrimônio do país e uma das poucas empresas públicas que funcionava de verdade em termos de serviço e qualidade .
era uma jóia rara em meio à ineficiência dos serviços públicos .
before i went off to college my hometown las vegas was sort of bi polar when it came to metalcore .
they have this festival every year called extreme thing bands from all genres come there but mostly people go to see metal bands .
they cancelled it this year but they 're bringing it back this year .
also they cancelled warped tour this year do n't know about next year .
other than that many metalcore bands go there there 's always some sort of concert .
however the mood toward metalcore or rock in general is 50/50 you either like it or you do n't .
now that i moved to college i live in reno nv .
there are surprisingly a lot of bars that cater to harder rock .
the ghost inside came here last month but had to cancel cause john got jumped in a back alley .
there are metalcore bands in the area but i do n't really like them .
enjoyed your write up and your progress is really good !
your physique is going to be amazing if you keep this up !
destruction is a form of change and what destruction '' actually is entails a form of revolution in which matter changes forms .
you can discern a lot of dagon 's motives from camoran 's writings which speak of a violent populist uprising wherein the serpent crown of the septims '' will be destroyed and federation '' will be made .
i like the change though i wish the game flairs '' were more distingushable .
maybe they could be colored kinda like the cpu-controlled players in smash with a desaturated colour to make them look different .
voting and concrete action requires context i find the political side to have gone beyond tolerance in a toxic way .
basically in injustice supes went crazy after the joker nuked metropolis .
supes murdered the joker then started his own plan for taking over the world the usual i will make sure this never happens again ! ''
from what i 've heard it 's a pretty mediocre fighting game .
but the tie-in comics are supposed to be pretty good .
dagens feminism går till stor del ut på att demonisera en växande mängd män samt konspirera om ett påstått patriarkat '' .
vill inte ens ta i dagens feminism med tång .
as someone who has basically done just that you certainly can .
the first few might be a little rough remember that you do need creatures but it wo n't be a slaughter .
i will say that bfz is a really cool draft format although it is one of the more difficult to draft because of this .
less than a hundred years ago for women and less than three years ago for gays .
do we have it when you can be thrown in prison for saying something nasty on twitter ?
what are you doing that you need that huge of a range ?
anyway your best bet would probably be to start with the awol elite if you 're set on that family and not doing a ground-up build .
it comes with an 11-34 cassette stock and you could potentially run a 38/26 chainring setup .
that would give you a high gear of 96 inches and a low gear of 21 .
you would n't be able to add front gears to the comp unless you changed the rear derailleur because the sram 1x-specific derailleurs only move on the horizontal axis and not both horizontally and vertically like standard derailleurs do .
11 gears is n't the problem that specific style of rd is .
edit if you 're set on an awol frame i think the better option you have would be to build one up from the frameset and use mtb derailleurs/gearing with bar-end shifters could do an 11-36 cassette making the low end of your desired gearing much more reachable .
or you could do sram 10-speed so you can use their regular mtb derailleurs that 'd enable you to keep sti-style shifting with the larger range .
to my knowledge usually colleges do n't really tour around and compete with exception of the ncta championships which is once a year .
and of course some schools have their own opens but for the most part going around and doing local tournaments is a personal initiative with the help of a coach .
my laptop is the only thing that can run fallout 4 that i have and it runs it 60 fps ultra aside from lighting if you 're just on the brink of not being able to run it check texture optimization project make sure shadow distance is medium use enboost check inis etc .
there 's some chrome addon that automatically hides all the reddit/m'lady/troll posts .
hey pal we have quite a few arma players here who i 'm sure would love to get involved..
i 'll share your post on groupme for the others .
i do n't see you on the roster so if you have n't already sign up here https docs.google.com/forms/d/1rse9w8rnuhissvq2rdaukdtapi4ta7baimttdti-5gs/viewform
as in why are we okay with dog saliva but not people saliva unless sex or love is involved .
say what you will about the game or the devs but at times the feeling you get from the game is truly epic .
earlier today we were on indar of course and the tr were getting stomped about by the vs .
so bad that i admit switching to an stalker infiltrator and sitting on a hill watching the carnage soaking up the occasional spotter bonus .
it was then i saw the familiar shadow of a galaxy cross overhead and looking up in dismay i was able to watch as 12 troops in red dropped onto the point .
the sound of gun fire followed and soon after an explosion as the vs sunderer was torn apart .
literally watching those troops drop in with their white streaks announcing their arrival was exactly what the game is about .
we were saved and i found a few engineers huddled on their turrets who needed a couple of bullets in the back of the head to help my kd for the battle .
is there anyway for me to prevent my samsung s5 from bombarding me with tonnes of notifications as soon as my wifi/data is turned on if i have already seen them ?
i have just converted from an iphone and i am very used to the phone not giving me notifications if they have already been seen on another device .
i spend a lot of the time at work on facebook on a computer and messages are coming through constantly which i see when they come through .
however when i turn on my data at the end of the day or i connect to wifi when i get home from work all of these facebook messages come to my phone even though they have already been seen .
that undertale boss fight showed me i have a lot to learn .
my name is john and i have been playing this game since tdb came out and i am here to offer my services to newer guardians when it comes to raiding questing in destiny .
availability i 'm in the eastern timezone so normally any time from 7pm until 11pm i am on .
i am also willing to help with strikes and questing .
it is much easier to play with a person that is communicating than someone who is not .
to contact me please message me here or on my gamer tag listed in the title
the responses are probably going to be incredibly predictable based on mbti type but ever since i started noticing the way people perceive themselves in different temporal moments it has made other people 's decision making process a lot clearer to me .
do you feel more connected '' to yourself in the past yourself in the present or in the future ?
of these realms which is the most uncomfortable/unfamiliar for you ?
do you empathize more with your past present or future self ?
in terms of empathy and where i live '' so to speak i empathize most with my future self then my present self .
that 's where i hang out most of the time .
while i might do things that cause me present moment discomfort i 'm constantly thinking about what is going to serve me best in the future .
can i conceivably be around this person/do this job/etc .
the present seems more like a filter from which to project the future than an actual thing itself .
not a lot of stop and smell the roses '' happening with me .
the present seems like just a tiny little piece of the whole spectrum of time .
the past is even further from the present for me though .
i hate being held accountable to my past self and my past mistakes .
anything from the past has an element of blasé or outright negativity attached .
it 's like this big dark concrete wall that can never be changed or altered .
i do n't really like it and i have a bit of a weird relationship with it .
i wonder how similar this is to how other types might experience the future ?
i 'm so curious to hear what people of different types have to say .
edit also do n't feel like getting into arguments about what is a better/worse way to be .
for some reason every time i bring this up in real life i get a lecture about needing to learn how to live in the moment '' or whatever or how i 'm missing out on the detail and valuable things from the present/past etc .
just a discussion about how you perceive the world please .
i ca n't find a website or facebook page that advertises upcoming shows .
i 'd like to do some baurdrillard reading but i do n't know exactly where to begin .
basically if someone could come up with a reading list of his most necessary-to-read works i 'd really appreciate the help .
just went through my shipping emails from juice i ordered this weekend and it seems i put the wrong street number on two out of three of them .
safari and vjuice were too good at getting orders out this time lol .
my actual street number is 671 and i put 176 which was actually my street number in college ...
they send you the confirmation emails for a reason check em out .
now i need to wait until i get home at the end of the week and see where my juice ended up because i decided to do some late night shopping .
edit turns out there is no 176 on my street ... what 's going to happen now.. ?
so a member of my party pulled the conjure minor elementals spell from out of nowhere and put me on the spot to give him an elemental of cr2 or lower .
as i had no idea of any elementals of cr2 i frantically flipped through the mm and realized that there was no index of monsters by type .
an eternity later i asked if four mephits of cr 1/2 each would suffice .
shrugging his shoulders he accepted but now i 'm stuck wondering what i should do the next time he casts that spell .
did i somehow miss the index of creatures by type ?
should i expect the player to somehow know exactly what he wants when he conjures ?
i can expect a similar problem when someone casts other conjure spells like fey and woodland creatures .
i 'm at a loss what have i overlooked ?
the 1st century judaic anticipations of the fulfillment of jeremiah 31:31-34
the early church 's appropriation of this prophecy to portray jesus as its fulfillment .
there are 2 specific ideas in this passage that i am trying to understand in their 1st century context .
that there would be the establishment of a new covenant at some time in the future .
vs. 31 the days are coming when i will make a new covenant ''
this new covenant would be characterized by forgiveness of their i assume national sin .
vs. 34 for i will forgive their iniquity and their sin i will remember no more .
then the author of matthew 's gospel and the author of hebrews portrayed jesus as the fulfillment of this prophecy .
matthew claimed that an angel instructed joseph to name him jesus joshua by an angel because he will save his people from their sins . ''
in matthew 9 jesus proclaimed this forgiveness sins over an individual which was declared blasphemy by the religious authorities .
hebrews directly quotes this passage declaring jesus as its fulfillment .
what do we know about how 1st century jews would have recognized the fulfillment of the passage in jeremiah ?
i 've heard this described as an eschatological renewal . ''
the text itself does n't seem to require a messiah for its fulfillment .
in fact many of these prophecies do n't seem to require a messiah .
is matthew talking out both sides of his mouth when he announces that jesus would fulfill this prophecy and save his people israel from their sins occupation yet only offered individual forgiveness ?
i 'm a high school senior trying to figure out what to do and politics is probably something i 've most been interested in .
as a libertarian i 'm usually unsatisfied with my choices in who to vote for especially now since my first election is 2016 .
with rand paul 's gradual decline i do n't even think i 'll be able to vote for him during my primary in april .
i want to get into politics at pretty much any level because i want to spread the ideals of libertarianism and shrink the size of government so my question is am i an idiot for wanting to do this ?
should libertarians really truly only be activists reducing the size of government on an issue by issue basis or should we be fighting for representation in congress and other legislatures ?
should we be fighting to ease ballot access to get the libertarian party on the ticket more ?
please for god 's sake give me some insight not just for me but for everyone .
hi i 'm new to reddit but i wanted to ask you guys and gals about the build date on your nexus 6p that had warped screens .
i 'm getting my pleson screen protector tomorrow and i really hope my screen is n't messed up .
i also do n't want to put my dbrand skin only to find out my screen is warped and consequently lose the protector skin and phone .
if you all remember the build date if build date even matters on those warped phones that would be much appreciated !
frisk is literally friends with the monsters that are under the bed ground and he gets along with the voices inside of his head chara .
i 've read other users posts but i feel like this is rather situation dependent as there many causes to ed .
i would like some advice on what to do in my situation .
i dont know where else to turn as i 've already talked to my doctor and friends made sure my doc didnt put my use on my record .
my dick has slowly been getting softer since this summer .
at first i would only go soft if we switched positions and we wernt fucking for too long then it started going soft mid sex and now i was with a girl that i 've been really into for the first time last night and could barely even get hard not hard enough to fuck .
i started tren right around the same time this summer i was running 100-200mg ed and 30mg test p ed .
i didnt really have many issues at the time and now i have more problems with a lower dose .
i 've also started raving quite regularly beginning this summer meaning i party most weekends but i switch my drug of choice each time to hopefully be as safe as possible .
i also started smoking weed in sept almost daily just because of boredom i dont even like the high im gon na stop that .
i 'm also thinking it could be some kind of mental problem as i 've never actually been able to cum with a girl and it 's the worst it 's ever been last night because this is probably the first time i 've actually cared about someone .
so i 'm thinking it could be 1 of 3 things high prolactin or some other side from the gear mental problems or drug abuse .
30mg test p ed 60mg tren a ed asin as needed b6 250mg clen t3 fluctuating
let me know if i missed anything dick pics wont help
just need some incite or past experiences since this is really stressing me out and it 's really embarrassing
edit i have prami on hand but im worried about the sides people talk about .
and cialis doesnt seem to help only made me harder when i could actually get hard
update starting to do more cardio to help with possible high bp problems bp is 148/78 stopping weed entirely managed to find caber ill start when it gets here started taking prami in the meantime woke up with wood this morning after accidentally taking 1mg instead of .5mg i also bought some viagra to add to my cialis this may help with any mental problems or atleast a temp fix til i fix the root causes .
i still was going soft mid sex for some reason tho makes it very frustrating .
bascially i 'm trying to use to rug glitch on the junk fences and it does n't seem to be working .
i 've also tried turn collision off using the tcl console command and this does n't work either .
to clarify i have n't used use either of theses before .
i saw a video on how to do it and he explained that for it to work with the rug you just put the smallest point of the object you want to clip on the rug you target the rug and hold 'select ' to grab both objects and you should be able to clip it through other objects .
what can i do if anything to make this work ?
i now have at least 50000000 experience points in the magic skill .
i started having some intense pain in my rib area on the right side today .
i 've read that it could be my little one pushing on my uterus but i can feel her movement down much lower even when i 'm having this pain .
i know it could be her and my uterus i 'm just confused about the pain being so bad at the same time she 's moving low ...
i was just at the hospital for something silly round ligament pain that i should have known about but got a little nutty.. and i really do n't want to call the doctor again so soon .
however my husband is starting to worry because it 's getting pretty painful .
i 've only 52 max wall levels and 38-40 left to do on my king .
all i remember is a scene where every item has a hidden sword in it and the end of the scene involves a sword knife or a sword sword .
so i just started fire emblem 4 and i see that it is listed as one of the harder fire emblem games yet it has a save at any round feature so that you can undo mistakes .
am i missing something or is the game even more difficult even without the autosave ?
or perhaps even autosave is not factored into how difficult of a game it is ?
while mindlessly circling my gtn kiosk just holding w and d waiting for a pvp pop my friend decided to auto follow .
immediately i cut right into the side of my kiosk .
i bought fallout 3 days ago and it either wo n't launch or it launches and crashes constantly .
so my ss match is very much into blizzard which i 'm not really familiar with .
does anyone have some good patterns from starcraft or any other blizzard games ?
looking mainly for amigurumi but it does n't have to be .
i 'm doing a 25 days of pizza christmas count down starting on sunday and would love to try many different types of dough ... what are your best recipes ?
it 's nothing huge but it 's noticeable and it kinda bugs me .
when the nightmares jumpscare you you hear all the combined screams from all the games .
how does the child know what those sound like ?
my d string in standard tuning keeps breaking about 2 times a month .
i 've tried different brands and gauges of strings to no avail .
right on the saddle standard locking tremolo the winding of the string strips .
feel free to submit your own personal view of the geopolitical landscape of new eden lined up against our real world
would n't it be fantastic to wake up tithe wilhelm scream or even the annoying ass shock emote sound .
it 'd be badass if they put it in the companion app
my 280 is overclocked a bit and can run gta v at all high/some ultra at 40-55fps solid 60 indoors .
ideally i 'd like to run at least all high at a steady 60 on a 60hrz 1080p monitor .
what are some good events going on this friday that are n't bcbs related ?
would love to grab a beer with some of y'all .
5 years of experience in a desktop support/sysadmin/jack of all trades type position in a small company 100 employees making 40,000 per year
i am wondering if anyone knows what salary would be fair for me to ask for my next job .
i want to move forward in my career and look for a more sysadmin centered job with less focus on help desk .
i plan to look for a general sysadmin position now but i want to focus on specializing in something in the future .
monitoring system performance of all servers including windows server 2012 domain controllers hyper-v and file servers
providing technical support to all employees 100 across multiple offices
manage email accounts and distribution groups through hosted email provider
on halloween this girl let 's call her jane received my snapchat through one of my friends .
we snapped '' for a couple days but then we began to have legitimate deeper conversations .
i should mention that jane is very popular and considered extremely attractive .
as we continued our interactions we began to speak in school .
though this was awkward we definitely had a mutual desire to talk as well as a lot of friendly eager smiles .
things kept going until last wednesday when we admitted to each other that we liked each other .
she said that she found herself very attracted to me '' that i was very intelligent and that i am one of the best guys if not people '' that she has ever talked to .
this obviously made me feel great and i responded by saying that she was very genuine kind and pretty .
my friend that gave jane my snapchat also gave me her number 1.5 weeks after halloween and is also her best friend another one of my pals and jane and i all go out for dinner .
prior to this jane 's friend is telling me that she likes me a lot and that she is very excited to go out to eat .
so we go out and we all have a good time although jane and i do n't make much eye contact due to nervousness and what we had revealed to each other two days earlier on wednesday .
i honestly thought that things went very well and that we would go out again and that possibly jane and i would turn into something more in the near future .
afterwards that night jane and i are texting again .
i say that i had a great time i hope i was n't an awkward idiot and that we should plan something else soon .
she agrees enthusiastically but then says that we should slow down because she is very indecisive does n't want to hurt me and that worst case scenario we will just be good friends '' .
but then she also says that she likes me and that she does n't know what she wants due to a lack of relationship experience .
i respond to this saying that i completely respect her decisions and that i do not want to come across as desperate or creepy .
however i suppose that was just projecting a fear of what i think her view is of me now .
i continue on to explain that if she considers my emotions she should make a decision about her feelings for me and that i do n't want to be dragged along for a ride of uncertainty .
then i mentioned that i found her extremely deep and beautiful '' .
i also threw a bit of a pity party which trust me i strongly regret by saying that if she decides against having something more with me i would be okay because i am used to feeling like nothing and that every girl i have confessed my feelings for has broken my heart .
i generally look down on people for begging for sympathy and that 's just what i did .
so fucking stupid and unattractive but i ca n't take it back .
i apologized the following morning for anything that i said that was out of line and that i agree with what she was saying .
after this all happens i brood on it for several days .
this continues until the next wednesday night and she still had n't contacted me .
it was 11:30-12 am and i was feeling like an emotional wreck just unsure of where everything would go .
i send two very long texts explaining that i was planning on taking things slowly anyway and that by explicitly telling me it showed that she was n't interested in me .
i then said that i need to know if her feelings have changed for me since friday because if she is still not certain and if mutual attraction did n't exist i said i was still very sure of how i felt about her i could n't invest myself further .
she responded in the morning by saying that she used terms very loosely and that the feeling was n't as strong after everything was said between us .
she also mentioned that it was too short of a time to genuinely like me after we had only been in contact for such a short time even though she said that she found herself very attracted to me ? ? .
then she says that if i did n't want to emotionally invest myself she would n't be offended .
i then say that if she was n't sure about how she felt about me she should n't have said anything because well it hurts now that i believe that she has changed her mind .
after school i say that i do n't want things to be weird between us though i still meant what i said as well as a bit of ass-kissing .
i said sorry for if i seem emotionally attached too quickly but she says not to feel that way and that some people develop feelings like that more quickly .
i then say that i feel better like we understand things more and then ask how her day was .
she then says that she already understood everything and we proceed to have a kinda one-way conversation of me attempting to be friendly and interesting while she immediately responded with 1-5 word messages for hours .
she proceeds to say goodnight at 8:30 even though she usually does n't go to bed until 10 .
i was feeling a bit better about things though regretting texting her at all until my best friend bryan approached me today in school and told me that our mutual friend carson had told him that he had talked to jane and that she said that she thought i was very weird/a bit crazy for sending her those long texts and showed carson what i had texted out of concern .
he also said that she was a bit scared of me .
i regret so many things that i have said and think myself to be a skeevy asshole .
i genuinely like jane a lot and i do not know if i have a chance of recovering previous relations with her .
i 'm also looking for a xbox 360 s 4gb .
i have pokemon white cib for sale for 15 amazon .
is it possible to use the olleh wifi for example in the subway for free ?
all my friends say it should be possible however it doesn`t work for me .
yesterday i went to an olleh store and they couldn´t find out why it doesn´t work .
does someone know if you usually can use olleh wifi when having only a prepaid sim card ?
i guess it is only possible by additional payment for prepaid sim users ...
normally i can combo pretty decently hitting consistent 7 's and 8 's .
but recently i 've been in a slump where i move a lot slower and flubbing simple combos and the board has n't been as clear either .
so i was just curious does this happen to anybody else ?
in the mood for something really emotional and feel good .
how many hero souls would it take for lvl 1 treebeast to get you to lvl 100 in less than 8 hrs ?
i ask because in our games inspiration is only ever given when the dm laughs hard enough at a joke which is far and few between making them a treasured commodity amongst pc`s that are horded from one session to another used only for the most crit of fails
i proposed a different system for when i dm .
where inspiration is given for accomplishments good role playing and the such with a moderate regularity .
but points can also be taken away usually with the phrase '' put a copper in the racist jar '' .
and points reset every session so there not a hoarded treasure .
they really are a reward for good actions not gifts from god
just need a group of people who do n't care that i 'm a lower light level
in your opinion which soccer/football position allows the player to play at high level longer ?
do you think that there is any position where age and experience are more important than the overall physical attributes ?
maybe center backs and defensive midfielders thats why you have players above 30´s playing in these positions in the biggest leagues
tired of getting shot in the face over and over by recruit bots when i just want some aim practice .
it 's pretty simple and it 'd be huge for target practice .
i 've been dating her for a year and a half now .
when we first started our relationship she was very happy .
fast forward to now she 's depressed and has anxiety attacks at times .
she came over tonight and i was hugging her when i moved my hand down her thigh while we were laying down in my bed in the dark .
i asked her what that was and she said it was nothing it was here dog .
i asked her if the dog really did that .
i 'm pretty sure the scabs came from self hard .
it 's nothing crazy but what seems like a few scratches .
i love her very much but self harm is something i never thought i would deal with .
im sure stuff like this exists somewhere but i just wanted to put my this idea i had out there and get peoples opinion .
also if this post is already somewhere just downvote me to hell .
basically i was thinking like cs go leagues based off recreational sports in a local area .
i grew up playing house league sports and experienced pick up sports as well .
i thought what if this structure was implemented into esports .
the structure would basically be people sign up and pay a fee .
the fee would be put towards renting out a pc cafe or club and maybe a prize pool if there was enough people .
out of the people who sign up they would say their rank and preferred position awp lurk entry ect and teams would be made off that .
people could also sign up in groups and be placed on the same team .
then once a week or so the teams would meet at the pc cafe and league games would be played out in a face to face environment .
i thought this would bring a social aspect to the game and you can make friends in your area that enjoy the game you love .
rivalries could be created and you can really focus on strats with your teammates and grow as a team as well as with people on other teams .
this is just an idea i had no intention of organizing something like this now with the time i have but i just wanted to hear peoples thoughts and any ideas on how to improve this idea .
you and the person to your left or right your pick suddenly have to fight in your current environment .
who wins and how does the fight go down ?
thanks everyone here for helping me stay motivated and that much closer to my goal !
hey there just a young man who is here from london staying with some family i will most likely be in the states for a while and i am just trying to find a nice lady to share the holidays with .
i am in my early 20s where should i go in the city to find to find a nice girl ?
hi before i look like a dick trying to use this coupon i 'd like to know what i 'm doing is kosher .
i have a coupon that was attached to my bag of ground coffee i bought from the grocery store .
expires 30 days after the best before date on this bag .
bring this bag and this coupon to a participating canadian starbucks store and get a tall brewed coffee .
is brewed coffee in this context brewed coffee as in pike ect or can it also include reserve ?
specifically i 'm a th 9 with level one valks .
i 've never used them before even after having them for months .
however i 'd like to start using them so i 'm going to try throwing a couple into a few of my gibarch attacks just to see what they can do .
i was just wondering what the public opinion was about when/were/if they were useful .
i 'm writing a manual for a game and there are some lists of information .
each entry in the list i want to format in exactly the same way .
rather than manually applying all the formatting and styling to each chunk of data i 'd like to be able to define a template '' where i set up some fields and give them various formats .
but i 'd like the fields to be able to pull in data from some sort of database thing .
ideally i could tell writer to grab every entry and put it into the document according to one template with one command .
for example let 's say i have a list of spells .
each spell has a name mana cost list of descriptors and description .
i want the name to have style heading 3 the description to be next with text body style then have a line that is also styled text body and have the first word always be the bolded word and colon cost followed by a space followed by the cost and finally have a comma-separated list of descriptors .
now i only want to have to write this paragraph once and then do one of two things .
either copy a small simple line like template spell spellname '' once for every spell or better write a single line that says something like foreach spellname template spell spellname '' .
is something like this possible or is it beyond the capabilities of a word processor ?
i have piles od ashes and go around my settlements and its been weeks in game yet they are still there .
two games and a couple yers ans they still have n't fixed this ?
not really upsrt though but on a serious note will this just keep taking up my ps4 's ram the more of this that accumulate ?
i purchased samsung 850 evo ssd that came with this code from newegg .
follow the instructions below to redeem your code and download your game
log in to your uplay account or sign up to create a free one .
once signed in go to the home page and click activate product .
confirm product activation by clicking ok to start the download !
i think we can all acknowledge that among western fishing vessels no haul is immediately repellent as the gutter trout '' aka tilapia .
but here i am with arms outstretched hoping that someone has a way to make this chum fish edible .
in the spirit of this holiday season i want to first off convey my thanks to r/webdev for consistently giving me the motivation inspiration and resources to become a great web developer .
as we all know with the holiday season comes the black fridays the cyber mondays and the taco tuesdays .
a good no a great laptop that i can use for web development .
all i want and need this machine to do for me is help be code full stack web applications .
i 'll be coding with javascript angularjs nodejs mongoosejs express mongodb and html/css .
i will want sublime text and i will also want to run linux/ubuntu .
i will maybe throw photoshop on their as well if it is n't to demanding .
basically what i am asking for is a laptop that can do all these things reliably for at least 1-2 years for maybe under 350 ?
what make and model of laptop would you recommend for around this much money ?
what is the honda accord '' of laptops that will run forever and wo n't break ?
this will be my first laptop purchase and i do n't want to fudge it up .
send peerless187 social security info and finger print scans if you 'd like to join .
precede war attack troop requests with for war request ''
use your first attack as soon as you can 12 hours into war at the latest
2nd attacks begin as soon as several people below you on the war map have used their 1st attacks .
try to get 2nd attacks going early especially at the bottom of the map
do not use your 2nd attack on a target until that target has been attacked by its designated 1st attacker .
confirm all 2nd attacks with elders to make sure the target is not reserved .
if this is your first time going to war with iota you must also confirm your first target with an elder immediately before attacking .
ok first i really hope this is an ok post .
this is my first real post here and i read and re-read the rules .
i 've totally been to nervous to jump in here so this is in part my way of dipping my toe in the water so to speak .
with thanksgiving this week my sister and i as well as a few of my friends that get it '' are once again taking part in our annual tradition of dysfunctional family bingo '' .
basically it 's a coping strategy my therapist assigned to me a few year ago .
the idea is to help me laugh at the insane stuff that happens at family gatherings .
not that it will fix anything but sometimes laughing at the crazy helps .
to play we all list the some of the crazy things that tend to happen every year its different for every family .
some of mine are like grandma talks about my weight '' uncle argues with everyone about politics '' grandma teases me about eating to much '' ect .
and then we take those things and make bingo cards from them .
on thanksgiving if any of the said crazy happens we mark it on our bingo cards that we are secretly keeping in our pockets .
the first person to text or fb message as we have been doing the others bingo with a photo of their card wins .
we play for prizes or drinks we 've also played for free drinks .
if not i hope maybe it helps with some of the crazy in your family holiday .
a bloodstarved beast as a normal enemy next to a guy with a gatling gun in pitch black area !
edit holy shit did n't expect that much comments..i guess we can all agree that we 're fucked .
this is for a report on the early events leading up to the war starting .
so i am a freshman and there is this one girl who i like a lot actully .
i have had only one class with her and it was art .
we would often glance over at eachother often during class .
to be completly honest i have n't the balls to approach her and start up some conversation .
but before i knew it the trimester had ended and she is an upperclassmen so i probably wo n't see her in any of my classes anymore .
im not too sure how i should approach this me being very shy and all .
but i want to get to know her and im just nervous that if i approach her she might not even know who i am and why im even talking to her .
i 'm looking to get the sarb017 for my brother for christmas .
fellow redditors what are you recomendation for japanese watch shopping in japan ?
also apart from the alpinist are there any japan-only models i should be paying attention to ?
edit i 'm also open to online shopping if it means a better deal !
will be crashing at a friend 's place so ordering is doable .
pharah her splash damage is stupid she can already 2 shot most players add no need to aim ez noob wins .
reinhardt his hammer range is like 15 feet and he can also 2 shot just about anyone .
give him a shorter range and a small power reduction .
bastion when he is in turret mode and shooting his shield should be down .
torbjorn slow down the snapping speed on his turrets a bit and give his turrets 270 degree radius instead of 360 .
besides that i found the game to be pretty balanced and very fun !
i really loved to see the new model/effects with lotv release like warp-in drop-overlords parasitic bomb but why is the solar core still glowing in the disruptor when on cooldown ?
we need to make a visual change that removes some or all of the glowing effect in the core of the disruptor when the spell is on cooldown .
it is too hard to keep track of when you have many of them for both players .
disruptors needs a cancel button which does not reset cooldown .
if you cancel a shot you will have to face the entire cooldown absolutely identical to the cancellation mechanic of the adept .
while it is so hard to already track the cooldown periods of 15 disruptors if you make one mistake you can risk losing your entire army because you can not press escape .
this is way to punishing for a mistake compared to missing a storm siege tank friendly fire etc .
the cooldown is not reset when canceling it only functions as a hard_to_execute mechanic that hleps skilled players avoid losing gamechanging amounts of units .
my argument is only that it in some cases is way to difficult to prevent the disruptor shot .
imagine for example if you also have colossus in your armies it becomes a bit to clustered .
it does not benefit protoss in any way other than you prevent blowing yourself up .
i do not think anybody who plays this game regularly often blows his own units up but it is that one rare time it happens that it is really frustrating and it does not really feel like you did a messup just a slight misselection or one miscalculation on how many disruptors that fires and you risk blowing yourself up .
adding a cancel button is not easy '' it is as if people think it would be easy to press cancel .
not only do you need to execute the cancel properly but you also have to spot that you even made the mistake .
people will still blow themselves up trust me but at least they will have the power to do something about it .
currently any disruptor will simply fire the shot immediately rather than get within range .
it should like any other spellcaster command the closest disruptor to go within range of the target and fire the shot .
i am going on holidays for 2 weeks in the height of australian summer and leaving a balcony garden of about 15 pots which i really do n't want to die .
has anyone got tips or ideas on watering systems that do n't involve a hose ?
i was thinking perhaps plastic bottles full of water sitting on top of each pot with a tiny hole for water to constantly drip .
pcpartpicker part list http nz.pcpartpicker.com/p/cjhvvn price breakdown by merchant http nz.pcpartpicker.com/p/cjhvvn/by_merchant
so here i am at 2:29 a m listening to the podcast 6 talking about raids and strikes here is my opinion on raids first .
i feel as if raids should be a 6-10man block of the city that is blocked off from the rest of the game for example it could be in the sewers where the enemies have highly increased damage an increased aggro range and bullet pierce on light cover .
my idea on the raids are n't much but strikes i feel like strikes should be an open world 1-4v1-4 where group a has to go complete objective x and group b has to protect objective x .
i feel like this game should n't have matchmaking in general it would ruin the game .
i just got a steel series rival after viewing this sub for awhile and am absolutely loving this thing for shooting games !
however i 've found that comfort-wise i am having a much more difficult time switching from the claw grip i have been using on my early razer naga for ages .
from the naga i really enjoyed using the biggest '' right-side attachment not quite sure what to call it and how well my larger hands just sort of fit into it .
i 'd also like the mouse to be white white orange led potential be it orange by default or something rgbish but again that 's only a plus not a requirement !
so far i have been looking at some mionix mice on massdrop but would absolutely love suggestions from you folks who just seem to know so damn much about this stuff .
edit also do you folks heavily prefer optical sensors over laser sensors as much as it seems ?
i have always tried to minimize acceleration as much as possible but aside from that do n't much know the technical differences between the two types .
i 'm currently studying in medicine and would wish to use some of my off time to self learn political science from scratch .
i know quite a bit already but would just want to follow a systematic approach .
can anyone advise me some good introductory and/or intermediate level textbooks i can us ?
i plan on focusing on the middle east eventually but would just like to begin somewhere .
what does it mean to be true to yourself '' or to be who you are '' when your preferences can change over time ? ?
when your conscious thoughts and beliefs seem to have an impact on your personality and tendencies ?
i 'll give you a specific example.. it 's a bit crude but it 's personal and to the point..when i was in my early teens i used to fantasize about being sexually dominated by women.. one could say that displays a tendency towards sexual submissiveness..at the time i also suffered from low self esteem social anxiety and depression..as i grew older and matured i improved my self esteem and reduced a lot of my social anxiety and aligned myself with my nature as a man not speaking sexually here rather i thought to myself that i 'm a man i need to support my family i need to get a job i need to protect my loved ones i need to be assertive i need to be a leader etc.
i just found myself having fantasies about dominating women rather than being dominated by them so much so that it 's become my main drive.. even though i made no conscious effort to change my sexual preference.. so what does this mean ? ? ?
was my true nature the former or the latter ?
i just do n't get it..i mean if i could subconsciously change my sexual preference through making conscious effort to change my personality with regards to confidence beliefs and goals does this mean i can program myself to be anyone and like anything ?
i mean if i did n't tell myself '' that i needed to be more of a man '' as a male would i have naturally developed these dominant traits both sexually and non-sexually ?
or are they a product of my own beliefs and thought processes ?
so i 've been opening some really old mail from challenge dungeons but since i do n't really remember which ones i 'm opening i keep on getting random piis .
i really want to use them because they 're wasting box space but i do n't know what to use them on .
is there anything else i should use my piis on ?
or should i wait until i get something better ?
what are some things to think about when picking a desktop environment for your linux ?
obviously some are more lightweight some are faster and aside from these another obvious thing to consider is the look and feel of it but i was wondering if there 's anything else that one could consider when selecting the perfect de ?
i 'm sort of new to linux so any advice will be greatly appreciated
in the beginning of the second season galavan his sister was played by freema agyeman .
the n7 demolisher is one of my go-to high performance 'fun ' classes to play .
since the class really is n't all that dependent on what weapons you use and cares little for how much you 're carrying around i also tend to use it to try out new things .
like yesterday when i had a strange sudden urge to see if i could make the normally useless m-37 falcon actually do a decent job on platinum .
i decided to go with cryo ammo iv since i have a ton of it as i never actually use that on any build .
i also decided that i wanted to keep my assault rifle iii 's for builds that actually depend on the damage from the ar to do well so i went with ar ii weapon bonus .
i easily scored the highest on my team on firebase vancouver with over 200k points and i did n't have any issues staying alive even with a pug that was n't particularly good at the whole 'team play ' thing .
the reliable stagger of the falcon combined with its icy priming and the demolisher 's grenades helped keep enemies at bay and give me time and opportunity to make a quick escape should i be surprised by sneaky hunters or phantoms or what have you .
i honestly did n't think this build would work very well at all .
i fully expected that my hunch about cryo ammo falcon would be proven wrong .
that 's part of the reason why i chose the demolisher i could always fall back to a support role with nades and the supply pylon .
but i more than held my own and it was quite a lot of fun if i 'm honest .
here 's the build http kalence.drupalgardens.com/me3-builder 37 ! 1804515 ! 3004565 ! 24o51224 ! 8a8d if anyone 's interested .
i might try cryo-falcon with the destroyer today see if it there 's any synergy with the hydra missiles and the multi-frags ...
been on and off mildly to severely clinically depressed for a few years now since high school .
tried to od on them at one point so i guess you could say that so far they have n't been too much of a help .
nowadays though i 'm kind of situationally '' depressed if you can call it that i guess .
i 'm in general happy i guess but i 'll get into 3 or 4 day bouts that are just ... sadness and despair is the best way to put .
not much can snap me out of it those days .
i guess what i 'm asking is should i try trees ?
i have 0 idea of its effects cost or how to acquire it legally or otherwise .
i just want some relief when those points hit me and trees are what i 've come too .
you guys seem like a nice community and i 'm curious if this stuff is as helpful as everyone makes it out to be .
my primary computer for programming is currently a chromebook 4 gb ram 16 gb ssd booting linux with crouton https github.com/dnschneid/crouton crouton-chromium-os-universal-chroot-environment .
however i 'm wary that some classes may require a bit more horsepower .
thoughts on using a setup like this for certain omscs courses ?
and which classes would this be a bad idea ?
henry is departing from his cubicle having just finished having a conversation with jensen one of his many co-workers .
along the way to his boss ' office he drops the cup containing his coffee
b.u.r.n.i.e company ai designed to function as a pa system will henry atkins employee no .
henry mutters something under his breath before heading to his assigned job after arriving he is greeted by the man in charge of the cybernetic enhancements wing one gordon freeman no relation
anyway we 're testing out a new version of the hurricane threat deterrent and you 've been assigned as the un~~lucky guinea pig .
let me guess get in the hazard suit and stand in front of it like last time ?
gordon actually we want to test its effects on bare flesh so you will in stead be stripping to your underwear and standing a little ways away from the hurricane .
henry do i have to strip almost buck naked ?
gordon flips the switch on the hurricane threat deterrent 's control panel .
henry moves in to investigate as smoke starts to rise from the hurricane
the device explodes shrapnel deeply embedding itself in the blast-resistant glass and henry 's fleshy bits
someone call a medical team to cybernetic enhancements and development now !
henry is lying in a heap barely holding onto life slipping in and out of consciousness as the medical team arrives
great sub but the way people vote seems to be a bit of a dogs breakfast .
i like to see who the winner '' is but it 's kinda hard .
maybe we can implement a similar type of voting like they have over on r/swordorsheath ?
i know this might be a stretch but i 'm going to try regardless .
i have the appearance of a burly guy in real life beard and not at all shaved any where .
i have these feelings that i want someone to control me in my secret sissy life and i understand a lot of dom/mes are looking for a girly girl but if you 're looking for someone devoted and willing to learn i 'm your princess !
i realise that this is a stretch but there must be someone out there for me if not all of us sissies who have a normal many lives and closet girly ones .
i 'd like to find someone to chat to and i can go into more detail of myself once we start chatting .
if you have any questions or just want to chat please feel free to message me .
what 's a good way to train for mountains if you do n't have access to a proper hill nearby ?
i have a small hill near me which i have been using but it takes 30 seconds to run up it at a fast pace so i 'm really limited to hill sprints which i do n't think are enough on their own .
will i get much out of longer low pace runs on flat ground ?
obviously it would help a bit but i find that my hiking endurance is pretty good over flat ground and it 's the uphill which kills me so i 'm skeptical of how much it will help .
my goal is for a few 14ers this summer then maybe later some harder things .
sorry if this is a previously answered question first time on this site and i ca n't work out how to get the search function to work properly .
there was a link i found on reddit earlier this year on the r/meditation sub i think .
it 's a series of audio clips that teach you how to get in to meditation all of which give you a few exercises to do every week .
they came with a transcript of the audio clip which last about 45mins each .
sorry it 's a bit of a vague description .
since a part of taste is based off of sight i experimented with eating my sandwich as i constantly changed the color of the light .
as the colors changed my perception of what kind of sandwich it was changed as well therefore changing how the sandwich tasted to me .
this shit got me thinking i was eating a roast beef sandwich one minute and a grilled cheese the next .
i recently came back from a break and i find the estimated wait times when solo queuing are around 200 secs and most of the time i ca n't find a match even after that time .
realistically are we to even expect anything in the future for mcc ?
for quite a while now i have not felt right the best way i can explain it is ...
i feel like i am slowly getting a bit dumber if that makes sense ?
it has really shown itself in the past few months though i have been having some trouble with short term memory example a co-worker shows me how to do something the next day i have no idea what he is talking about and even when he shows me again i do n't recall him ever having had shown me that at all
my ability to concentrate is almost non-existant its hard to focus just for one min and pushing myself to keep focus on a task without spacing out and looking into nothing for mins on end takes real effort .
i still call people i see everyday the wrong names the guy who sits next to me i have probably called the wrong name a hundred times along with my manager .
very often my head ca n't keep up with my mouth i find myself talking but when i come to a certain word it will take me like 5 seconds to re-call the word or even remember what i was talking about .
also i know this is something that happens to everyone but i think its happeneing a bit too much to me i will get up to do something or make a sudden move and forget why and for what reason .
there was even a time about a month ago when i went to get up from my desk my mind literally went blank for moment and wondered why i was here oh yeah i came to work ... right '' .
its not just at work even at home i am having trouble focusing if it takes effort like modding a game takes far longer than it should because i ca n't mess around with files for more than a min without getting distracted .
the reason i am writing this now is today i really feel off i had a terrible migraine yesterday and have woken up today feeling really fuzzy in my head and my concentration is worst than ever .
also i was reading up head disorders online and apparently having no sense of shame or not caring about your actions being inappropriate in places is bad ?
i have been told that i am very slow at doing things by others and when someone else does the same work in less than half the time i really am unable to understand just how they are able to do it that fast !
lastly i had been pretty depressed for quite a while near the end of last year and beginning of this year but am through the worst of it .
i kind of want to see a doctor about it but do n't wan na seem paranoid also i am a 20 year old male .
i 'm pretty new to stencyl but have experience with unity and some c knowledge .
i want to make a 2d sidescroller which was going okay for the most part but i really want to be able to make my character have separate animations for walking and running and running be at a slightly faster speed .
i have searched for any information on this everywhere and can not find anything that is for the current version or that actually makes sense .
i 'm trying to get a grip on conversion operators but there are two thing i do n't understand .
i made the smallest example i could think of to make it clear .
error 1 is no matching constructor for initialization of 'a' .
why is initializing with parentheses okay but curly brackets not ?
is there a way to make this work with curly brackets ?
error 2 i can understand that this does not work but is there anyway apart from inheritance to make this work ?
maybe the more general question is is there a way apart from inheritance to make b fully compatible with all uses of a ?
this is a long shot but maybe someone will remember from my vague description .
i am not 100 not even 60 certain on anything about the song so shoot your guesses at me please .
this song was in radios last year at least in germany .
i believe it was quite modern but not from last year .
the style was i believe swing with some trumpets maybe .
i believe there was either night '' or midnight '' in the title but that 's a complete guess .
only thing i am certain of is that the singer was definitely female
yeah i realize i am not giving you too much info .
i spend the last hour going through my browser and youtube history and maybe even more time googling various guess words but to no avail ...
thank you in advance for any time you waste on this
this has been an issue since i got interested in krita a few weeks ago .
i had to get the 2.9 alpha to even use to program .
i 'm in love with it but it sucks that i can get the official updated version and use my tablet at the same time .
i thought that 2.9.9 would fix the problem but nope .
i heard conor saying several times that fighters should not look at/talk to the ref when they for example want to get stod up for inactivity on the ground .
but i just watched chad vs mcgregor and noticed he´s doing the exact same thing .
last night just as i went to bed i heard the beep '' of my ps4 turning on by itself it was on stand by mode so it could have been some kind of wrong command from the gamepad or whatever .
inmediatly i heard it ejecting the dvd fallout 4 btw but in a strange manner like it was taking it longer than usually .
i was in another room so when i walked in i just saw the console was on and the cd outside .
i turned on the tv and it was in the main screen i had left the game paused and when i tried putting the disk back inside i noticed it was resisting '' .
i mean usually when you have inserted a couple centimeters of the disk the system automatically takes it but this was different it was hard so i decided i should n't force the disk back in .
i just turned off not stand by mode this time the ps4 and went to sleep .
this morning i could n't check it so when i get back from work i will see if it is working back again but i wanted to post this here in case someone had a similar experience and some advice because maybe it still shows the same resistance '' to disks .
it was easy just unplugged as some said pluged back in and everything worked like a charm .
i also checked the botton and pushed the rubber a bit back .
again thanks to everyone for their sugestions i will keep everything in mind in case the problem comes back !
but if no one has said sorry that 's so so cunty .
there 's also a custom google search tool for searching this sub at swct-searchthesub.tk
i ca n't even get rg to load at this point
sometimes when i fall off i try to run it out but that motion launches the longboard way far forward and i have to chase after it .
just practicing on bike paths and parking lots for now because i do n't want to send my new longboard into traffic .
you can picture the fox news headlines cherry picking his rap lyrics but what hits home for me is how vigorously killer mike has used his fame and brand to advocate for his community .
when i heard about this i was kinda hoping they would build junkyard roadkill styled motors and have it be a competition .
you know that show on history where sword makers are given 3 hours to make a sword/axe/knife that has to be of a certain style then they compare it by cutting things to see how well the blade holds up and how deep it cuts etc etc .
like they are each given 4.6l 2v junkyard motors out of crown vics given a budget of 2 grand to build the best na motor or the best fi motor etc .
then they dump it into a body and do a series of tests .
i will forever hate that doug butthole '' marrone has a win in foxborough .
i came close to flooding it one time when it went over my hood shut the jeep off when it sucked water in .
i 'm a little more cautious now but still dont care to buy one .
this engines on borrowed time and i have a new one ive been meaning to swap in so its just a matter of time .
something must be wrong with your camera because the ten pound weight gain should have been distributed evenly instead of all going to her nose .
•source all-purpose but usually my iphone for music/podcasts or my ps4 controller for gaming when my fiancée needs to sleep ideally would have a microphone or ability to add one
•requirements for isolation some will use a lot in large offices and coffee shops
•preferred type of headphone this is actually part of the question i 'm fine with iems if folks think that the overall quality is similar to or better than over-ear but i 'm open to either .
•past headphones i just got a pair of v-moda xs and loved the design but it hurt my ears to wear with the on-ear design so i am having to return them
•preferred music hip hop is my biggest genre electronic as well
•what would you like to improve on from your set-up since the xs hurt to wear i am back to the trusty apple iems now but obviously want something better .
over ear would be especially cool if i can add some customization to it i noticed that v-moda has options i assume others do too
the quality of the show is getting better and better .
oh man i did n't even think of that !
think i need to go lafell and hope for 3 tds .
i just turned 30 but i still get giddy as fuck at the nostalgic thought of an angel hb or a whisper card dropping .
the cultures of the new world whether white black or otherwise all employ cultural appropriation .
on immigration oscar the grouch our runner up republican presidential candidate says go away ! ''
there is a tiny part of me that thinks that trump might be a purposeful troll who actually wants to destroy fragment the gop not become a legitimate republican president .
does n't really seem like much of a plan '' but if that 's the dream but whatever .
are you asking what 's going to happen to your debt while you 're gone ?
it 's going to go into default and be waiting for you when you get back .
you 're a reactive champion who also has good poke .
you are not a duelist and your 1v1 is garbage with equal gold .
lol bud grammar police after systematically deconstructing your ridiculous argument is n't losing .
ad hominem without responding to the points is losing the argument .
it 's a perfectly valid argument although it may be hard to convince ideologues that violence against men is more prevalent or just as prevalent as violence against women .
in any case i wish it were n't necessary to once again subordinate the needs if men to the needs of women in order to get anyone to pay attention to men 's needs .
offering up ending violence against men as a means to an end the end being ending violence against women seems to me that we would be once again ignoring the larger issue that men 's needs lives rights and safety are not seen to be as important as women 's .
here 's the recipe i 've used for it from seriouseats http www.seriouseats.com/recipes/2011/12/dulces-turron-de-alicante-nougat-with-marcona-almonds-recipe.html .
can not emphasize it enough that eve is a social game .
all the best solo and 'solo ' players have a network of buddies they can circlejerk with .
you know i say this because i love you guys but fuck the knicks i love this game
starting an argument with your friend over what shows are 'the best ' in order to manipulate them into watching something you like is both petty and childish .
if you want a friend to watch su tell them you like the show and ask them to watch a few episodes you 've enjoyed .
some leagues which are already at tier 6 are charging coins for spots to join their league because it 's an easy way for the league players .
when he becomes half as good as prime wade was this can be a valid point .
jeez all you redditors who circle jerked the shit out of this story must feel pretty dumb right about now huh
then use that instead of the 'i think it 's magic ' argument .
the distance between them finally disappeared as she embraced him voluntarily for the first time .
white squad leader this is control tower you are clear to engage .
someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit
r/britishtv discussion thread for peep show s09e03 threeism '' link https np.reddit.com/r/britishtv/comments/3u0p12/discussion_thread_for_peep_show_s09e03_threeism
r/television discussion thread for peep show s09e03 threeism '' link https np.reddit.com/r/television/comments/3u0p2p/discussion_thread_for_peep_show_s09e03_threeism
footer if you follow any of the above links please respect the rules of reddit and do n't vote in the other threads .
it 's as if this is your first time in the internet questioning why anyone would need a reason to flame someone .
although he did warn me with the hundred-hundred '' degrees thing that he was talking about .
i was close to the screen too so my retinas also got burnt lol .
it 's similar to asmr but from what i understand triggered by artisanship and/or skill rather than delicate sound .
however looking at the sub right now it 's just kinda flooded with music ... maybe i 'm confused
the perfect farming bad players who all play the game like space arma and are verifiably terrible at anything to do with shooting at another space avatar class .
the chinese will be as barbaric and as brutal as isis
thanks i was n't sure if rewatch comments needed spoiler tags there 's a spoiler tag in the thread title but now i see from other comments that there are indeed first time watchers .
i would n't put it in high pain category that 's the area for broken bones and having your hand covered in cactus needles imo
you 're right buying the game in early access was a mistake .
which is why i 'm warning others so i can hopefully prevent a few people from making the same one .
i 'm ashamed to be proud of my 890 jump anvil carrak avenger and m50 interceptor .
the show was good above agents of shield but not even close to flash or daredevil in my view .
so many plot holes strange choices and changes mid way etc .
also do n't get me started on how no one ever gets over a heroin addiction that easily especially if it was as strong as they implied his to be .
hudak sort of tried the do n't talk '' tactic in 2011 but just kept losing ground to mcguinty 's sunny do n't rock the boat campaign .
hudak said a very stupid comment about immigrants in that election
how is knowing the existence of tier sets or class halls a spoiler ?
the pictures may be but that would then be up to the individual person does n't need to be blurred out .
in germany we decided to take stupidity to another level and change this rule it 's the same in the nhl and international play btw into blood game misconduct '' .
just bite your lip and you 'll get a 5 minute power play !
its what i use and its a great site but all the creeps and weeaboos on the site is depressing .
i often switch resolutions when im in a slump .
the annoying this is im a better rifler with 4:3 but much better awper in 16:9
persia will include babylonian citizens in future space missions and proposes a coaltiton of regional states into a joint space agency as well as each having its own space programs .
imagine using this but lining your walls with it .
y is right next to u on a qwerty keyboard
what an album that is aswell the track 'u ' https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=e5ri76uodwm is incredible it has that emotional resonance super personal i think its about himself then theres a beautiful breakdown/shift halfway through that gives me chills .
crazy how good the whole record is though i couldnt get into 'good kid maad city ' .
havent heard anything as good as kendricks latest in ages but i like this one from the alabama shakes https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=jbr999n5mia a lot .
you look beautiful in that dress i do n't know if there are any pins doing some magic there but if not it fits you perfectly .
you will probably look beautiful in tons of dresses 15lbs be damned you look amazing !
keep it and go to the trunk show it can be your back up if you find a dress that blows your mind or you can try and sell it .
a quality flower crown would look in place with this dress and unique .
trying on more dresses will make this one look better or worse it does n't cost anything to keep shopping plus when in your lifetime will you try on wedding dresses again ?
yeah i edited my above post it went away when i tried to add to cart .
wait so this is what those bastards at u haul did to my car only being on the inside of the trunk ?
maybe that explains why my fucking trailer lights do n't work when my car lights are on .
but in all seriousness this is one of the few cases where someone can make a wikipedia page for a 1-game series and have people let it slide .
fortunate son '' 3x03 right after christopher and eugene become made men .
this is the first shot in the cut to the celebratory party .
gahhh my fil does this with my 2 month old .
he 'll clap loudly in his face and yell joven !
he 's spanish speaking and then lo gets fussy and cries because he just woke up .
when my son is older and we 're visiting grandpa i 'm going to tell him go wake up your grandfather by clapping loudly in his face and yelling viejo ! '' ''
and then i 'll take a photo up close with flash !
hes pretty chill so his curve is pretty generous .
i wish they had a christmas release too but apparently they do it to clear out the summer wave stock .
if they released the new ones for christmas everyone would just buy those and the old ones would just rot on the shelves .
you 'll want most of the flavors from keiths recipe anyway .
you could probably do without that tpa apple tart flavor .
yellow cake and cin danish swirl v1 not v2 are very usefull/popular flavors that get a lot of use .
fa apple pie ends up in quite a few recipes too .
it 's not really much trouble to be mixing a few more ingredients .
either mix by volume ml 's or look at getting a scale check the sidebar beginners guide if you 're planning on really getting into this .
me and my cousins got our asses whooped while we were growing up .
if you were gon na be a thug you were gon na be a thug .
that 's a matter of who you hung out with and the way you were raised .
the reason people are assholes is because they grew up with people who reinforced that behavior .
if you were a gangster violence was encouraged by your peers as you were growing up if you were a douchebag in highschool it 's because of the friends you chose when you were younger .
i on the other hand got the shit beat out of me whenever i misbehaved and i quickly learned that i could n't do that .
maybe not to the extent that i had it but it works on the same principal that a shock collar works on .
you do n't want to misbehave because you will associate misbehavior with getting your ass whooped by a thin ass tree branch .
your submission was removed because it looks like you 're posting music without a correct title .
does it have spaces around the dash and does it have the genre ?
forgetting these points are almost definitely why it was removed .
you will need to delete this post before submitting again click on delete above .
if you are not posting music please resubmit with the appropriate tag in the title
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/music if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm a bot that can roll dice if you mention me in your comments .
i experience a lot of mixed states with my bipolar .
i was trying to figure out what they were called and more about them the closest i had gotten was rapid cycling '' but that has n't accurately described what was happening to me .
what did all of the former high ranking military officers do after the war ?
hm do you mean srd brigading cause of this link on srd or users brigading on the linked post from other subreddits ?
could be he 's conflict avoidant and does n't want to hurt '' or embarass '' people .
could be he 's literally clueless and does n't see the harm in this .
he just seems to have missed that lesson an thinks if he does n't actually cheat it 's ok .
your husband does n't sound unfaithful or malicious he sounds ignorant .
but its still not ok. a counselor can help you and him navigate this .
og derfor ender jeg nok med at stemme nej .
politikeres løfter er ikke noget man skal stole på slet ikke når de gives på andres vegne .
are these enemies like the jelly dudes in the lecture building ?
i do n't understand why this mindset is so common when someone does n't have socially acceptable hobbies/habits .
i do n't go out unless i have to .
nothing about it is even vaguely interesting not everybody likes doing the same stuff .
my friends all live far away anyway so i can hang out with them without leaving the house .
i ca n't get along with the mums at school because we just do n't have anything in common besides having a child the same age so i do n't really bother .
i go to the events and smile and nod if someone talks to me but it 's so dreadfully boring and i hate making small talk with people so it 's nerve-wracking also .
i know that feeling i used my fedora exactly 1 week .
but the upside is that basalt is really amazing there ull gon na love him !
there 's a great sniper guide by pwadigy if you look that up and hopefully you 've already received some good advice .
i thought dimension door only worked for people 'your size or smaller ' ?
the teams matching the buds hardly have to give up much to get the pick .
gws just went up to pick 13 and only gave up 34 and 41 i do n't see that being enough to give up to move up that much in the draft .
how do you guys think some of these new operators will play out and who do you think you 'll enjoy using the most ?
me and my friends got ninja defused 4 times in one game on mirage a few days ago .
yeah well when i buy a player i make sure i bin snipe him so tax is covered and quite a lot of other people do too .
i 've never lost money on a messi i 've bought
it 's not much but enough to get out of homelessness .
we turn everything up until it can be heard over the drums adequately .
sometimes someone is a bit too loud or a bit too quiet but we just adjust as we go along .
to me it seems hard to get this wrong the drums if played acoustically have a fairly fixed volume and the rest of the band can turn up or down to match them .
side note if your drummer is deliberately playing quieter or louder during rehearsal then it 's not really a rehearsal .
i 've never visited charlotte but i 've always heard people who 'd visited there describe it as boring .
something makes me think it is n't that terrible but what do i know ?
they do have somewhat of a light rail system which at least is a plus in my book .
i guess i think legacy users use both hands though
gowers is honestly even more op but you do n't see it often especially at lower sm ranges .
it weighs a lot and breaks easily but if you have vit and know how to quickly menu swap you can make it work .
it blocks a lot of damage taken from behind as well as preventing backstabs .
i 've just got rid of mine last couple of ota updates ruined it .
response bias in surveys is an extremely well known issue with surveys .
no psychology or sociology paper worth being published recently will say that a survey measures anything more than what its respondents want to admit .
for myself it 's simply because there is no apparent logical reason to assume that any kind of god exists at all .
certainly i could take the middle ground and assume that it 's undecidable but there is n't much point to doing that when the majority of theistic beliefs are entirely unfalsifiable almost as if their followers never want them to be thoroughly assessed and examined .
taking a middle ground does n't make any sense really because then you end up having to acknowledge that pretty much any idea of the most ridiculous god you can come up with might be truth .
truth is that which can be tested confirmed and withstand scrutiny ... and preferably make sense .
without that religious teachings are worthy of little more serious notice than fairytale to me .
i 'm happy to talk about them to people and suspend disbelief for the sake of an interesting or potentially useful conversation at any point but i 'm not going to build my life around a fairytale .
i do n't know who downvoted you it looks like '' an avocado
i do n't know that you and i are going to be able to negotiate the eba over reddit but the key is to keep talking and that 's what we 'll do .
be in no doubt we value our fire fighters and we 'll honour all the commitments we made .
it 's hard to take a photo with the window reflecting the light .
the cooler is slightly touching the cover but there is no problem .
when i was building the pc pcpartpicker did n't show me any incompatibility they probably did n't take into account that skylake processors are a little bit fatter .
great thing about the fomo is that you 're not actually missing out .
and people have been playing football matches with 11 players on each team before that .
we do n't even need to get up of our asses to organize .
are you using v2.4.7.8 https greasyfork.org/en/scripts/2002-hit-scraper-with-export or the dev https greasyfork.org/en/scripts/10615-hit-scraper-with-export-dev version ?
the block buttons do n't do anything to the current results they only add the requester 's name or the hit title to the blocklist .
a scrape will need to be run again to add the red outline or hide them from view .
if you 're using the dev version however the latest update will update the table immediately outlining and hiding them from view without having to run another scrape .
you ca n't just throw more people at it and expect amazing results .
programming has a sweet spot that you need to hit not too many programmers nor too little .
anything outside of that spot actually drags down production .
this is my problem with people 's perception of game development .
it 's not an issue you can just throw more people at and it 'll be fixed .
imagine commissioning a piece of art and when it 's not going as fast as you 'd like you recommend the artist just hire another artist to help him .
that 's not how that works and it just leaves you with an incredibly patchy product that no one likes in the end .
i played like 5h today helping other guardians getting to rank 5 i was actually just trying to get decent roll on the lmg to no avail .
i must 've played around 40-50 matches total though .
i read somewhere that guns only drop after rank 3 as post rewards ?
they call us schizo pete we 're the king of the rumba beat
i bet they gave his daughter cancer from the anal probe they gave her after they abducted her .
i 'm a little embarrassed at how hard i tripped out when they kicked in and also so glad i did not use these for plane rides like i planned to .
sorry to hear that just clashing with the outfit ?
i feel at times my style is like add ooo shiny !
edit i like how the heels actually go well with the dress though .
the sparkles works with the white and the black in the heels just matches perfectly with the black accents in the pattern .
i 'm at a lot of different sites around town but this incident happened on the rather wealthy side of town .
i 'm in the guard shack at the entrance of this office/condo tower and a homeless guy walks by me making random animal sounds .
he meowed neighed snorted like a pig and barked like a dog .
there 's a side road that runs through the middle of this three building complex and i was watching him with my own eyes as he walked through here .
at one point he stops looks back sees me watching him and takes off full sprint squealing like a pig about to be slaughtered .
would you feel comfortable if your town required a key to the front door of every house ?
what if it were a crime to say no ?
what if somebody broke into town hall one night and made copies that no one knows about ?
what if the major declares war on black cats and imposes required inspections ?
when applied to the physical world it 's a terrible idea .
when applied to the internet it 's still a terrible idea .
wacoal goes up to us h which is uk ff
this echoes rather well my own feelings in the past couple of weeks .
i think what has jaded me most was the rather disappointing second half of the hot story line .
i have to listen to it or i do n't learn why and when it blows .
the value of the painting is n't tied to its worth in dollars but instead it 's intrinsic worth .
it 's real value would likely increase over time or stay the same .
its nominal value would rise or fall with inflation or deflation respectively .
so if cpi doubled ... its nominal value would also double to 340 million .
this is how the very rich such as the queen of england maintain their wealth regardless of the stability of the currency currently being employed .
most of his books are about science and not about being an atheist .
the selfish gene is probably the most famous and if you want an antitheism themed book then grab the god delusion .
your submission my date with a ladyboy https www.reddit.com/r/transgender/comments/3u229a/my_date_with_a_ladyboy was removed pending moderator approval .
if your post is not approved within four hours please contact a moderator through moderator mail http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2ftransgender
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/transgender if you have any questions or concerns .
my friends werent dictated by nmom but literally everything else is .
i try to be rebellious but i just feel guilty like im betraying someone and end up giving in .
im yet to escape this craphole so my personality is trying to match my friends because i have no idea what friends do .
i can never meet my friends outside of school dont wan na go into detail .
i listen to other people and they are sooo different speaking to me complete new set of words share different jokes .
i just wan na be able to silently tell everyone hey its not my fault im so weird '' .
internet hugs im really sorry about what you have to go through and i hope you do finally find out who you really are
have him enter at no 1 and have him destroy people 1 on 1 for a while .
read that as terence tao and went into full wat mode realized my mistake but then went back into wat mode
it is n't frugal to make your partner miserable .
some people are just not constitutionally well-equipped to deal with it .
if i 'm cold it does n't help to put on another pair of trousers hoodie wool socks and a blanket .
just spend those few extra bucks for heating and have a happy wife .
maybe create a story of your significant other being particularly interested in the topic of that subreddit ?
pm-ing some other random frequent poster could work too .
that way you wo n't have to listen to your relatives idiotic remarks and advices .
while i am not asking you to abandon your parents but being independent will help you to make decisions on your accord .
you can decide whom to marry when to marry or whether marry at all .
your post was removed because it uses the text box .
askreddit is currently on a two week trial of not allowing anything in the text box aside from a period .
please see this https www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/3tb13m/mod_post_rule_1_change_and_announcement_of_a_two post for more information and please click here to resubmit http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/submit ? selftext=true title=need advice on how safely make a profit off excess student loan/personal money .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
i think it can be a little hard being used to holding up or down only for volume change but i 'll give it a try sounds really cool !
is this with a random or an actual team mate ?
lose to triple-option fcs team by one score at home host undefeated 1 in-state rival in the next game ?
grab 100 in each hand and pet your face with them .
they tend to be the best at non-reference cards too but i think alphacool are your best option now if you 've got a weird card .
yes i see what you mean i hope the edit helps claryfing what i mean
great play but not actually a nutmeg just beats him on that left leg .
the only thing that makes any sense is the ref lost field of view when rex walked infront and blew the whistle assuming he was throwing it away .
you ca n't really become that great unless you 're beating guys who have a pretty good chance of beating you too .
lol and the team i am on is in the same boat .
maybe we can do some scrimming after release until we hear .
the team i am part of will most likely also be signing up for the big 6 tourneys as well !
where have you been that you did n't know this ?
i do n't remember the last time he won any match .
i 've been doing lots of squats for leg strength and endurance .
like 100 in a workout once i worked up to it .
yoga a couple a times a week for flexibility and stablilty .
strait and then on each arm to get the sides of my core .
also since you 're still learning you 'll be getting off the ground a lot so do some triceps workouts .
dips are great for that just do n't overdo them because you can cause serious strain .
getting in shape beforehand is the best thing you can do for the trip .
you 'll learn and lot faster and have more fun because you wo n't be held back by your lack of strength and endurance !
i do n't want to be involved in a poll in which people seriously think western illinois is within the top 25 teams in the nation let alone 100 ...
i spend all my caps on fusion cores because i spend most my time fighting in power armor .
power armor does not take your armor into account and so your base armor is just added weight that stops you from looting more stuff .
the faith system is comprised of numerous magic systems each based on the beliefs that power them .
well with bf4 they are still releasing guns and maps for free to all players after all the paid dlc dropped .
i get that but to be honest most soldiers feel as if they need to be ultra conservative vote republican for job security ''
i 'm not really casually into it because if everything was perfect and i had a lot of money i would play mtg all the time .
however the fan base is a lot of anti-social white guys who are fat or have bad hygiene and so i usually had a really depressing time playing in tournaments at my local game store and the price of continuing is not really possible for me right now anyway .
i thought they would be desperate the week prior when they know they lose first place and only have to beat the lowly lions .
personally i just do n't think this was one of those games that was won by who wanted it more . ''
i really hope this is true because that 's hilarious and i wish the lobster continues to be a motif of the man 's political career indefinitely .
you guys think cejudo has been practicing to beat the champ holly holm style ?
what 're the odds we see a different looking fighter in his title shot ?
is there a way to see how many games i 've played with a champ ?
i have a bit over 50 with irelia this season in ranked but i 've played since season 1 so i 'm curious how many i 've played ever with her .
well alternatively we also call proboscis monkey as bekantan but i always hear monyet/kera belanda more than bekantan .
oh and we were not colonised by the dutch .
mms all say downloading and never do since updating to marshmallow .
no push bullet ever installed ... what solutions have been found so far ?
this may not be exactly what you 're looking for but it 's a favorite past time of mine ... for years one of my most inspirational and wacky high school teachers has participated and help organize a caroling walk through downtown st. pete .
basically a big group of people go caroling at different areas in dtsp .
we usually hit up the ronald mcdonald house an assisted living facility sometimes the yacht club it just depends .
we end in straub park on the water for hot cocoa and cookies .
it 's a really good experience regardless of religious affiliations .
i 'll read that blog-post but you provided a lot here too .
in the market this unit '' obviously can not be any physical characteristic of the commodity such as volume or weight it is but a metric that represents a social relationship .
i think a lot of the confusion besides being intentional by some comes from the fact that the exchange necessitates a qualitative difference between that which is being exchanged because why would you exchange like things for like things while this systematic measure '' as represented in the regular exchange-ratio between two things necessitates something commensurate as marx says .
i seem to remember marx or maybe it was david harvey talking about abstraction as being a real occurring phenomena .
rather than being something unique to or only found in the analysis of the exchange the abstraction occurs in the exchange itself .
that money '' represents the power to command social labour in general
because of the need for the economy to reproduce itself prices do not just simply appear from the preferences of the consumers because those prices must act back upon production which will act back upon the stock which will act back upon exchange and upon prices so the movements of prices '' and with them aggregate sums of economic value and with them the division of labour in society happen following certain logical patterns certain laws of motion '' that act to reproduce the social system .
i think this is the circularity you were talking about in your discussion ?
you would need prices to inform your preferences in the first place but if preferences dictate prices then we get into this illogical mess .
halo 3 high ground is the first one that comes to mind that map was so much fun .
black ops 2 standoff and raid were also great maps .
fume knight is actually raime the warrior that was also the right hand man of vendrick but then he fought with velstadt and left .
he eventually found brume and was corrupted by nadalia becoming the fume knight .
i find the mods on this sub to be quite nice actually .
hope whatever the scene evolves into is as supportive .
yeah fuck the guy for being in love and trying to make things work am i right ?
he would be so much better here with us receiving love '' from absolute strangers that only care about him as long as he casts games for us .
2x3x4 leds on ebay ... or 3mm flangeless leds ... heck if you only need two leds just post in r/mechmarket and someone might send it to you so you do n't need to get a hundred
pretty much the script to house of cards season 3
saw dertydans amazing drop squad video and i thought hey that looks fun were gon na do it too so we stole the name and music .
apparently the actual fleet itself is not what i thought so whatever well just roll with what we got .
not really worthy of this sub but i think stupid f'n jokes '' or effing might get the message across in a clean search friendly way .
you can buy it online at quite a few places just google ticket stub diary '' and it comes up .
it 's on amazon modcloth barnes and noble chronicle books just to name a few .
i just roll my eyes at people who need '' an 800 dollar phone but panic about paying rent on time or wo n't fill their gas tank until the light comes on .
hot tubs queen size beds full kitchen great balconies .
also its only a 10 minute drive from downtown gatlinburg .
i do n't know to me checking out '' means looking for a bit longer than just a glance ?
and i just thought all the challenges are supposed to be a redemption but winning ones still count ?
it 's not just natives it 's modern africans modern rural chinese etc ...
my favorite insult for people like that is to just say wow .
you are exactly as smart as i expected you would be ... '' .
unless the video is in the hood you can assume that a stolen bike video is fake .
i 'm in that type of thing and it 's a nice thing to have just to be friends and have physical intimacy .
i have n't actually known anyone irl that was interested in me maybe because nearly all of my friends are female ?
idk but i got a ton of messages on dating websites .
i eventually made one friend there that i do it with pretty often and it 's a lot better than hooking up it 's just a lot more comfortable doing things with someone you know and like .
aside from that serious relationships really are n't for me i was never very romantic and i never seemed comfortable with the idea it could have something to do with having a lot of emotional baggage but w/e
savage smh go ahead and rub it in such is life in the desert .
the boiled down version of what they 're saying is one of the following make more spend less or both .
you can oversimplify and generalize every piece of financial advice down to that but that does n't mean everybody knows the details .
if they did nobody would ever learn anything from a financial adviser .
since many people have the same issues a lot of advice will apply to tons of people .
anything interesting going to come out of the main event tonight ?
do n't let fame go to your head too much .
us folk in the world capital of heroin overdoes on public toilets have learned our lesson .
we were able to literally swim through the sea mine swam our dinos around it sailed our raft right over the top of it and it did n't explode .
but as soon as the demolish timer hit 0.0 it blew up .
to me that seems pretty evident that it was the act of demolishing the sea mine that caused the explosion .
rather than my tribe mate triggering it some other way because we gave it a very thorough test and could n't trigger it .
the refs can not be allowed to make mistakes like that ...
unless you are absolutely sure about something do not blow the whistle .
plays can be reviewed not your dumbass blowing a whistle inadvertently
i ca n't imagine rent being 400/month for a place that costs 8000 total .
what type of cases are you doing where this is an issue ?
ok r/nfl which one of you guys is buying me a lexus for christmas since that 's such a common thing .
it 's the worst if you use a password manager like 1password because there 's no easy way to auto fill those requests .
after a couple of significant losses in my family it 's a reminder every day not to take anyone for granted .
do n't wait until tomorrow/next time to tell someone you love them .
newsflash its possible to believe that all lives matter while disagreeing with alllivesmatter and agreeing with blacklivesmatter .
alright just rewatched it you 're right but that 's not to say that amendola could n't have cut up field and broken free too
i 'd agree but i think op was trying to have the table double as an end table .
but because price was traded mid-season toronto does n't get a compensatory pick for him
oh no how will we cope without your contributions to the community in the next 4 weeks ?
you still have retinas i just figure its an invisibility cloak like harry potters .
they can still see you if you are being blatant .
i mean the formula and the games are very good games .
i 've enjoyed playing them from time-to-time but still ca n't understand the rabid fans out there who spend hours and hours and months and years playing these games over and over again .
i just ca n't get into it more than that .
i think having the burn duration change based on distance would help balance it .
or maybe have it so that if it 's used up close the scout catches on fire as well .
the russian/putin official is essentially saying so stop trying to remove our buddy assad . ''
but of course we 're all hearing that and being reminded of putin himself .
that i had a girl we had a kid her parents moved with her to germany so we could n't be together and she died leaving the kid with his grandparents and my family does n't know about any of that .
i was 20 years old virgin with no girlfriend and i was that much ashamed of this .
what i just wrote is the entire point of my op .
in fact other people in this thread literally agreed with it from the beginning .
you just assumed i was talking about something i was never discussing .
it 's why i dislike debating people like you .
saw them a couple of times few years back .
every band has their off days when their performance is n't as good as others .
the radar clear shows them to be inside our borders .
but oh no the russian pilots were just tourists ... we just enabled them to a clearer view of the ground .
how about let 's not and address the issue of marxism being despotic .
it 's never free at the point of delivery .
nhs services are free at the point of delivery to the consumer .
being an old boy now this would have passed under my radar completely .
it took my husband and me three months to find someone we think we can trust to watch our little one when i go back to work ... and i 'm a three day a week full time .
so i shine finding someone who will watch them five days a week will be even more stressful because you do n't want just anyone watching your baby .
maybe sometimes there 's no right thing to do and the only thing you could 've done better was have perfect aim and luck .
this is exactly the type of mentality i want to try and avoid in my journey to getting better .
i feel like positioning and approaching in this game is extremely key and that getting the precise aim to kill the opponent is just the finishing move to your plan .
the problem is i know a lot of people have reached high goals in this game just by playing thousands of hours and having great raw aim without any of the aforementioned so i 'm having huge trouble finding the resources to teach me otherwise
most people who complain that they do n't feel any effect from the box are n't letting it heat up enough to provide a good hit .
with weaker batteries you have to literally draw as gently as you can to the point that you 're almost not inhaling .
hit stacking is also great with crap batteries because it ensures that the trench gets up to max temp while you are hitting it .
true it will be very interesting to see how it all plays out !
if you wish to submit an image or video do so in a selfpost and include a conversation starter .
if you want to submit only an image you should
include a link to the image in a selfpost http www.reddit.com/r/gadgets/submit ? selftext=true .
write a description statement or question in the body of the selfpost describing the relevance of the photo .
attempt to start a discussion using the photo/video as a starting point .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gadgets if you have any questions or concerns .
perhaps on fedora but not on the distros i run .
on the distros i run sane distros nvidia is as simple as stopping display manager running the installer and then starting the display manager .
even ubuntu i do n't use ubuntu does it better than fedora .
love the feel and thought it was very clever .
when chioda was hitting the mat it sounded like thor 's hammer ...
same age as you and have also been looking for a new car but i was getting quoted between 250 330 for insurance .
in the uk thats a term used to describe a semi truck .
the bunny may have escaped from being run over .
honestly i believe the game is more fun when you have to go to a wiki to do some research
to be honest most of the maps have a war effort theme behind them as such you ca n't waste time with helping baby quaggans .
take verdant brink it is a constant desperate battle for control over a land point rallying the survivors and creating/improving defensible positions and camps .
there is no time to stop and help out locals who end up being irrelevant to the war effort .
i understand the feeling of this being one-dimensional thinking but it is a theme and they are coherent with it .
they should however have made/created a more relaxed a area where we can go and do some new dynamic and unthemed '' event chains new tidbits and all .
but i 'm kinda hoping they will add these in the future .
as i understand it if you 're a native english speaker from an english speaking country with a college degree it is n't too difficult to get a job as an english teacher in asia .
the pay is decent an apartment and air fare is usually included .
there 's quite a few horror stories about teachers and their bosses having very misaligned expectations of what the job actually entails though .
this is just what i 've read regarding korea .
yeah and unfortunately you 're not gon na convince a business to employ tox .
for liability reasons you 're gon na be stuck with lync
completely agree calling it prostitution is harsh but it does convey the sordid nature of it all
i 've done nearly 2000 hours in destiny and i 've done my bit for helping other players and will continue to do so
in the past that was mainly doing nightfall with lfg groups and helping people through it
i also used to go into vanguard strikes wearing blue armor to matchmake with newer players and help them through
this new bungie initiative is not in the same spirit it 's sordid
i do n't know what you are talking about .
does frank know virtually all his videos get posted here ?
he 's seems tech savvy enough to not just get completely lost in what reddit is .
when i work a golden ringer 7x12 the paycheck is between 3 and 4000 .
look i do n't have time for your clever computer words here .
just restore my data as i need to work with them now !
there 's one that was posting what were basically ad videos from their youtube account a few weeks ago ... something-something-mozart ?
the thing is it actually looked better than synesthesia or most other programs i 've seen in that it actually looked like it used regular music notation and you would learn a little theory naturally as you played .
not sure if anyone else on this sub has any experience with it i do n't .
so normally either 60/120/144 v-sync has a few issues .
if you dont limit it it will try and process as many frames as it can more or less .
so you might be going at 250fps when you have a 144hz monitor .
especially since the followup to civil war led to the death of captain america story arc where buck became cap .
unfortunately your account does not have enough karma to submit things to r/videos at this time .
r/videos requires users to have a minimum of 10 link and 10 comment karma .
we suggest that you comment in some popular threads and make submissions to other subreddits to build up your karma and then come back .
we are sorry for any inconvenience caused and look forward to your submissions in the future .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/videos if you have any questions or concerns .
it 's awesome and cool and has a strong meaning for itself .
you may be surprised but there 's no mayo in my house .
fon 's were never printed on the back of the headstock only on the interior label inside the f-whole .
they definitely were stamped into the headstock and never appeared on the label but were often stamped onto the inside of the body .
in the first place britain is a pretty big island .
specifically it was a big island full of coal whose inhabitants were forced to learn to sail ships if they wanted to go anywhere else .
so the english not so much the scots were in a very favorable position when technologies and discoveries made it very profitable to sail around the world and bring home raw materials that you 'd then use coal-fired steam engines to manufacture into finished goods .
it freaked him out and his first response was to call his ex girlfriend to consult with her about it .
blamed me for his sex issues and wanted her to comfort him .
it worked for a little while but in the fall he began contacting her again .
he set her up for a fall and now she 's not happy .
tell him to change his phone number and top stop being an idiot .
allow me to chime in defense of its appearance !
also i hate the way it looks too buuuut with that out of the way i can defend it !
out west we had the gun runners crimson caravan the original brotherhood of steel and the ncr .
we know weapon production based upon old war schematics takes places out west .
this is why we still see the old world weapons .
they seem to have an affinity for heavy guns and energy weapons these have n't really changed much in 4 .
although energy weapons do n't look like they did in fallout 1 2 not sure why bethesda totally changed their models from the original designs
there is no mention of weapon manufacturers out east so we assume as all but the most hardy of these old world guns fell into disrepair that people just began scrapping them for parts .
the assault rifle being a fantastic example of something needed in the wasteland it was likely the first to go .
they pulled out what they could and had to fashion new housing for it from scratch .
that 's why it looks like something built in colin furze 's garage more than like a proper mass produced weapon .
also with little to no mention of trade happening with regions outside the commonwealth and the fact that the cpg never got off the ground it stands to reason nobody has the ability to mass produce weapons anymore .
it explains why a lot of the models have changed to look so different .
the weapons were needed new ones could n't be found so people had to frankenstein them .
udøvet pædofili bliver i danmark som udgangspunkt betegnet som en forbrydelse .
selvom børnene gerne vil bliver det betegnet som et overgreb .
i personally like avast really much but i know there are lots of other softwares .
i swear the reason shorten is unpopular is because he 's unpopular .
well it 's not exactly that far off what 's been happening with all the cuts and sanctions and driving people to suicide anyway .
actually they 've made some commits recently for cm13 for the i9300 p
fun fact the artist who created the stained glass windows for the kirin tor was actually based in alterac and loved his alterac brew pup so much that he often would depict his faithful canine companion in many of his commissioned works .
actually that 's not true at all and i made it up but it sounds convincing no ?
me and my girlfriend are both ex-smokers amongst other things .
both of us did n't like the effects it had on us independently years before we met and we 're both straight edge now .
personally i get an excellent high from doing exciting sports for exercise and that seems to result in a much happier life
i work in the nhs and this has been happening for years .
services are being cut off and sold after lengthy tender processes .
it 's happening with sexual health departments pathology labs everything that can be seen as a limb of a hospital and run with autonomy from a private company .
to everyone saying so it begins '' and rip nhs '' this has been happening by the back door for a long time
just to add to what others have been saying if i were you i would ask him how he would feel if the situation were reversed if he could n't have children and you could so you came to him having already discussed your insemination with a male friend he has n't met and the male friend is insisting he impregnate you the natural way .
god even just typing that out made me feel ludicrous .
oh i thought you meant you can do it on the console version .
that sounds like an overcomplicated and ineffective way to drop the synced animations without having to tell chris roberts that the idea was shit .
it 's kinda hard to get door dings from the jeep with no doors .
i think he sums up the situation very quickly once luke returns and yells out to him .
he can not defeat vader quickly luke will try to come to his help luke and leia will get caught by reinforcements .
the sacrifice throws vader off his game and gives the others time to escape .
affected customers eligible for the goodwill package are not required to waive their rights or release their claims against vwgoa in order to receive the package
well getting people engaged in politics is an achievement in itself i have great hope for america good luck with your election guys
you can use open office for free so you do n't have to buy microsoft office .
im a little more than casually into both as in i love to do both and spend as much time as i can get away with doing them but holy fuck do i hate talking to other people about it .
this picture is so surprisingly accurate on how i feel about it now haha .
my cousin has one of those and he is an extremely shitty driver .
he has has license suspended a couple of times already and his insurance is through the roof .
it could be that hummers attract shitty drivers as my cousin was shitty driver well before getting his hummer .
if you play on an us server you 're probably right that most people wo n't be there to start immediately after the wipe but in that case you wo n't have much of a disadvantage compared to others because as you said most people wo n't be there .
alternatively go grab yourself a copy of cubic ninja .
dont start playing unless played 1.6 ... . dont need anymore idiots ruining my mm haha
the giftee 's status wo n't influence my spending but it is a bit of a bummer to know in advance i probably wo n't get a thank you .
i record source material like what people are suggestion itt and use a fantastic plugin called dehumanizer .
a bit pricey but well worth it if you plan on doing this kind of thing a lot .
i guess i can comment on this as an r/dota2 mod
first off the title is true because these users if you even want to call them users we should really just call them assholes do post and originate on r/dota2 .
however they are a small minority and a lot of the same people who are using multiple accounts to avoid bans .
more aptly its the subset of dota people on r/dota2circlejerk who are the purveyors of the harassment .
i kind of find it upsetting because in an arena like this it makes us all look bad as a dota community .
i do a lot of moderating myself to help combat the harassment .
some people really find it fun and i would say there are a good 5-7 account bans a day as a result .
also the person in question in the op the ex-moderator '' was never a moderator .
he was on staff for a short time to help flair posts but was removed after people realized he was kinda a twat .
i went mushroom block trampoline to floating block platform with pipe end level
i did n't use the p-switch or the door .
that shot at carville and matalin about their kid was a real class ten burn .
it was like he was channeling his future self .
last time i saw some globals crying here on this sub about smurfs with high elo on global games .
which is why there are so many random workbenches literally everywhere .
oh my god if this is n't of things this game does n't explain was n't long enough .
the lip sync battle he did with jimmy fallon was great .
my son just tried to cuddle our 6 month old kitten .
the cat meowed at him i told him he did n't like it then the cat bit him on the nose .
well you ca n't exactly do outdoor games in every city either .
can you imagine trying to do florida vs dallas or something like that ?
oaktat konspirationsteorier så var casus belli för irakkriget skyddande av terrorister i betydande lägre grad än det sverige sysslar med nu .
i think i have one here that will be impossible for ya 'll to beat .
i used to know a couple that had two teenagers .
keep in mind that they made less than 55k after tax .
anyway they sold the house and made about 50k after it was all said and done .
his financial genius mother told him they could get a no-down mortgage so they spent all the money from the sale of the house on junk .
one of them got 15k inheritance which they spent on a used car they did n't need .
the mortgage they got was a high interest variable rate loan .
after a year or so they got tired of the mortgage so they walked away from it .
being complete luminaries they had the plan to declare bankruptcy so they maxxed out all their credit cards .
to add insult to injury the smallest apartment they could find was 200/mo more then their mortgage was ... and was smaller than the house they sold .
their daughter wrecked the car they bought which had no full coverage insurance so that was 15k gone .
also their credit card debt was n't written off in bankruptcy .
in the end they were out 65k and that does n't include the 20k or so in credit card debt .
to make things much worse they did n't seem to care that they utterly shafted themselves .
crowning does n't seem like the sort of thing slash'em would remove .
i do seem to remember that in order to improve balance they made it harder to get sacrifice gifts maybe that 's related .
not true in the slightest i honestly do n't even know where you could have possibly gotten that from .
i looked it up and it 's written by richard jenkins .
personally i love bourdieu but i find his writing incredibly difficult to understand .
op is probably more than capable but i also just feel the need to warn that conquering his works by the end of this semester might be a bit too ambitious .
it 's evident to me this tsm is a team that can heavily improve and potentially be a top tier team they just had only 4 days of practice .
i 'm not even a tsm fanboy when i say that .
nrg has a korean supp/top/mid and the supp can translate fluently so i do n't think there will be communication issues by the time lcs starts .
they 'll probably not have the cleanest dives but they 'll get better .
they have gbm and impact that alone should crush na .
c9 right now to me looks way better than tsm in terms of a jungle mismatch .
balls might be a weak link but i feel like he has been playing decently and is n't the source of the problem and not worth replacing imho .
unless you bring in smeb or something and even that 's not worth it there will be communication issues .
balls just has to do his job as he 's done so far know his boundries and adapt to patches well and he 'll be good .
he 's not as bad as everyone makes him out to be .
the longer you wait the more people are going to get ahead of you in seniority .
i say cbd it 's more dynamic and actually does more in a game rather than bringing the game to an assgrinding halt .
your submission has been automatically removed pending manual approval because your account does not meet the minimum karma or account age requirements of r/worldnews .
please collect some positive karma in other subreddits to avoid having to go through the manual approval process .
if you are new to reddit we suggest you read
you may also want to review the reddit guidelines regarding spam http www.reddit.com/help/faq whatconstitutesspam and the wiki on self-promotion on reddit http www.reddit.com/wiki/selfpromotion .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/worldnews if you have any questions or concerns .
actually my team is now 10 1 despite a pretty bad draft .
took a lot of waiver wire pickups and a few trades to get the team i have now but i am number one in the league .
just watched it on youtube 9/10 with no prior knowledge .
all i know is the one on the right looks like he could fuck me raggedy .
thomas was the 2 back at michigan then transferred to central michigan where he suspended after facing 3 potential felony charges from his time in michigan that he eventually plead down to misdemeanor attempted larceny he supposedly took the fall in a situation where he and two friends stole a woman 's purse from a casino .
these are not the kinds of things front offices ignore as the concern is what will someone who does something like that do when they have lots of money in their pocket .
i do n't really blame them but so far it seems like he 's turned things around .
bruce had similar pre-nfl issues so hopefully they keep thomas on the same straight and narrow that he has managed to stay on as well .
crab shack in old sac chevy 's on river spaghetti factory downtown la terraza in old sac tower cafe
take them to old sac it 's pretty festive .
this remains one of my favourite ice-related youtube clips of an time .
and then the scandal that ensued about how the camera crew did n't warn him there was ice..
i 'll say this for ireland you do n't know how to deal with cold but that is some serious ice you 've got there .
i think she 's just kinda one-note comedy actress .
yeah the op has much skinnier steps more like rungs really
i 'm sure that applies to the situation where you 're being chased by a hyena .
instead of just being allowed to be prescribed otc ?
do military people pay for this or is this some weird 'support our troops ' thing ?
dude 2 sounds like a goose ... or should i say ... a swan ?
my grandma put one in the area around our fire pit on a family camping trip and let me find it .
it was an awesome and memorable experience for a 6 year old .
bob ross always said it was your own world .
i recently rented out our house in san leandro .
on tuesday we casually advertised an open house for the following saturday .
we ended up pulling the craigslist add the next day and actually had the new tenants moving in on saturday .
after meeting a few of the people in person we then shortlisted and then ran credit checks .
we payed for the credit checks and charged the tenants one months rent damage deposit equal to 1 month rent .
i think that 's what it was we pay garbage and gardener for the front visible areas .
the backyard is theirs to do with as they please .
with the current water issues we figured it would be best for them to pay for water as we did n't want to be on the hook for a huge water bill if they decided to go crazy with water .
i do n't know if this is a normal scenario or not but it 's what we 're comfortable with and our tenants seem to be happy with every thing so far .
this is for a relatively nice place ... 3 and 2 1350sqft .
over the past 10 years we 've pretty well remodeled or upgraded the whole house .
the biggest thing is that while we did n't have any kind of bidding wars we definitely had plenty of people to choose from .
if you do n't have spot-on credit and a good paying job someone else will .
hah 3.5k mmr everyone knows you have to be at least 8k mmr to be able to even view this sub !
i am turned on and turned off at the same time .
so there 's an entire class of factual statistics that nobody is allowed to mention or discuss because to even acknowledge the reality of them is too hurtful to a minority group ?
you 're on dangerous dangerous ground when you start saying certain aspects of real life should not be discussed because it 's best not talked about . ''
so he effectively proved that after all encryption literally is a matter of free speech
it might be better to make a few videos on the subject .
let me know if you all would like to see something like that .
i know he wo n't brag so i 'll do it for him u/iainesmith is an og vert skater who rode for roces aussie team back in the day and still holds it down on a ramp if anyone in r/rollerblading can demonstrate solid blading acrobatics my money is on him .
i like to get kissed before i get fucked . ''
look if you remember swain enough to nerf him can we at least get a freaking skin for him ?
i agree but that 's not going to go down well here .
a lot of non-dual people think it 's illusory .
if you 're looking for something at a lower price point this is n't a great suggestion but bollinger is the champagne that finally got me to stop buying veuve .
it 's very popular in england but not many people are familiar with it here .
it can sometimes be hard to find but i buy it for around 50 in ca .
my guess would definitely be slytherin for both although i could see an argument for ravenclaw as well .
that is the only requirement when i looked at it
usually in some place so secure that i 'll forget about it shortly thereafter .
i want to say i came across it in a target store in california .
i have a couple of fancier '' more expensive wallets but i always just like that one the best .
this is the only trap song they dropped in their set at ef this summer the rest of the set was probably 90 their album music .
earth 2 has supes bats and ww killed off in the first issue .
i remember seeing that bridge club building in la jolla cove hosting a wedding party last weekend .
they had outdoor tables and obviously an indoor facility that sits right the ocean .
yes i 've done both presale and groop camping the past two years .
if you do n't agree coddle them now and do n't be tough on them .
but remember my words when they 're 30 and still live with you because they ca n't get a job doing this makes jacking off motions ''
1 yeah until you play enough to recognize what junk has useful/less common components and what 's abundant i would suggest grabbing everything .
there 's too much to list i 'm like 20+hours in and just now really have a grasp on it .
2 you can drop them in a settlement and then go into workshop mode and scrap them but basic clothing/armor options only give 1 metal leather or cloth depending on type so not worth it at all .
only keep armor if you plan to use it or its upgraded .
3 i 've been hoarding the cores since the beginning and this is on very hard difficulty with an only 1 endurance build .
companions you 'll miss out on a few quests yeah .
i would recommend bringing if nothing else but for a pack mule .
the new junk systems means you 'll get weighed down quick .
once you have a couple viable weapons of different ammo types you can just alternate .
when one gets low go back to base and swap your main weapon .
5-settlers can die some stuff you build water pumps turrets crops ext can be damaged and need crafting materials to repair .
also if you have power armor stored take the fusion core out of it or it can be stolen as well .
i definitely agree with not reducing hammers thrown now that i think more on it for pve .
you mean besides constantly fucking up the simplest of rotations ?
howling '' darker than black op1 x puella magi madoka magica
i guess spoiler s 'the contract is it worth the price ?
edit proof http www.youdubber.com/index.php ? video=fgobtex_qzw video_start=0 audio=kw5lpfulvyq audio_start=0 for the doubters .
right now i 'm totally fine with my format which is this from the top down whole series divided into five story arcs which are told through seperate stories which are broken into serialized installments .
example the first story arc is has the condor crew on a wild goose chase across the galaxy to save their abducted families .
this arc features six stories each taking place at a different location first story on earth and aeron second story at hotel cintair third story on utahnah etc. .
the small installments are sort of like chapters to each story .
only thing is i do n't know how to script those ca n't draw for crap do n't know anyone who knows how to do comics and have only ever read watchmen .
as for an adaptation an animated tv series would probably work best with a mature animation style not anime though nothing against it just never got into it .
i tried to look for a show with an animation style similar to what i was thinking but did n't find anything and also i 'm tired .
i hate the worship and veneration of reagan like he is a saint by many on the right .
vocal people on the right hold him up as this great president who did little wrong while in reality he did some sketchy things and was a middle-tier president at best .
iran-contra should have gotten him impeached and his reaction to the aids crisis gets swept underneath the rug .
craig ferguson needs to be peter capaldi 's new companion .
or atleast temp as they go on a time bender .
my mom let me read the regulators by richard bachman when i was 12 .
no dude if you get pushed backwards and it gets called dead for forward progress even if you get pushed out of bounds the clock keeps running .
if the play is live in the 2 minute warning and last 5 min of game and you run out of bounds the clock always stops .
section 3 article 2 and section 4 letter c http static.nfl.com/static/content/public/image/rulebook/pdfs/7_rule4_game_timing.pdf
i do n't think that 's how it plays out .
he 's not going to be able to completely nullify him like he did to nick .
if it turns into a slugfest though condit can hang with anyone .
credit on the first one should really go to tyt though bashti was in the right place right time .
second one was really unorthodox the way he took it with his right foot and went near post .
that was a ball that you 'd expect someone to go far post with the left foot .
but maybe that area was blocked by the defender and he just went with what was available .
and that the prince allowed a mosque to be built within amsterdam .
nintendo does know how to use nostalgia for profit .
yeah of course and although i 'll spurt masses of political stuff here i do n't think i 'm actually in an incredibly serious movement to save western civilisation .
i 'm a 24 amab and been noticing a few hairs on my back i have n't noticed before ... for instance a lot of things can still happen 'til i 'm 30 right ?
so far i 'm not that hairy overall at all .
i should ask my therapist but i just started freaking out now and would appreciate some advice ... if i would start hormones could it slow down this eventual development of more body hair ?
estrogen cream for instance or is that not powerful enough ?
my conflict in all of this is that i would want to look more feminine as much as possible to be honest but i would like to have a functioning penis a bit of having and keeping the cake problem perhaps but this is making hormone therapy not an option perhaps.. .
edit beside shaving/waxing in the future what are my options ?
once the characters move into each other 's square they would engage in combat .
and this moves us into 2d combat where we control the characters in combat .
characters that i remember water elemental a life stealing shade that starts with low hp a demon .
since i was about 12 i 've always made my own way to school there was a bus stop about a mile and a half from my house so i would get up have breakfast and make my way there .
the thing is i 've never been much of a morning person and i normally set my alarm at least an hour before i need to get up but should i sleep through and wake up late i 'm pretty good at leaping up and getting ready at the last second in a panic .
my alarm used to go off around 6:00 but this one day i woke up looked at my phone and it displayed that it was around 6:30 i must have forgotten to set my alarm meaning i had to leave in about 10 minutes .
i did my customary leap out of bed and rushed to get ready .
while in the kitchen i looked at the digital display on the cooker and it said 00:30 but i did n't think anything of it we lived in spain and had frequent power cuts which would reset the oven clock to 00:00 so i finished getting ready and left at a brisk walk .
as it was winter it was normally still pretty dark in the morning so after a cold dark walk i made it to the bus stop .
i sat there for a while and saw flash lights in the pub across the road .
in my mind this confirmed that people must be having power cuts and that these were the people who worked there trying to find their way around .
after about 40 minutes i started to get suspicious as i was the only person there and the sun should have been coming up by now .
i finally pull out my phone again and look at the time .
suddenly it dawned on me that in my half awake state that i had somehow confused a 12 for a 6 .
so i dragged myself home and went back to bed at around 2am by this point and then my alarm goes off at 6 as usual and i actually managed to drag myself up again and catch the bus .
queue the most horrible school day of my life and the instant slump into bed once i got home .
i sat a few meters away as someone broke in and stole half their stuff while i just watched .
now i always make sure to triple check the time when i get up .
tl dr confused the time tried to catch the bus 6 hours early .
