i played long ago with normal forestry then a bit with the extrabees mod i may be wrong with the name the one with the pixelated bee dna .
i stopped doing bees about the time forestry added the breedable trees .
what is the current best way to automate alvearies and apiaries and all that ?
last time i played used bc pipes diamond/apiarist 's .
i hear its good and makes breeding less grindy .
there was a lot of mention of a master plan in a few episodes around the middle of season 3 up until 3.10 when nikolai jakov was killed .
in that episode when lana cyril and ray question a russian sleeper he mentions that barry has a master plan that is extremely clever .
boris also said to jakov that he had a master plan .
my question is have we just completely ditched this idea or is barry/boris currently running through the final stages ?
i 'm trying to decide which prebuilt i should buy from walmart .
i 'm looking to buy a prebuilt because i 'd like to get a hands on feel of something that 's already been put together and then upgrading whatever requires an upgrade .
here are the three prebuilts i 'm contemplating between i 'm aware that most will just recommend i build myself but i 'm asking you guys which one seems like the best deal for a prebuilt .
p.s i 'm looking to make videos and doing medium-high setting gaming
ie weapon 1 scales with str and dex and weapon 2 scales on dex alone .
for a weapon scales with 2 parameters would it work better if you level both those stats ?
or can you get the same results if you just have a lot of points with one of them ?
it adds the notice boards in front of the various cities in lctasff legendary cities skyrim frontier fortress you got it
just got into empire and the music is definitely one of the best parts of the show .
anyone know of any playlists on spotify with all the songs used sung and released for the show ?
tyson italian breaded chicken strips on sale for 5.00 ? ? ?
they ring up for 6.99 asm standing right there tells the cashier not to change the price because i 'm an associate off the clock.. technically customer ? .
she said it 's a new 'policy ' they have .
should i report this to home office or is this really a new policy ?
so looking back at the show i ca n't remember this .
on the episode where barry lost his powers wellsobard looked at the newspaper and saw that it was changed so remind me why is it so important to eobard that the future remains intact ?
why does he need for the flash to travel back in time at the year 2024 ?
this year the festival of lights will be celebrated on 11th november 2015 .
special diwali gifts can really light up your family and dear ones lives .
send impressive diwali gifts to india for your near and dear one via leading online store .
have done the raid on my hunter a few times ive just got im titan to 292 have raid weapons and touch of malice invite nova-halo
my wife and i currently have 65 life insurance which we pay about 130 per month for the two of us .
after listening to her friend suze orman she wants to get rid of the 65 life and get term life insurance .
1st question is what do you think is better and 2nd is how easy is it to settle your current life insurance to cash out and if you stay with the same company can you roll your current value into the new term life ?
exactly like kwote but allows to set a canvas size .
so i was wondering since when you max a class atlas you get a bonus .
is there a bonus for maxing a invasion atlas lets say the mechanoid one ?
if any one has any info from rus server ?
hello steam users i 'm a trader that live in indonesia http en.wikipedia.org/wiki/indonesia sea south east asia region http en.wikipedia.org/wiki/southeast_asia .
i 'm one of the oldest bundle trader since 2013 .
i have been trading since december 2013 and never got any negative reputation rep .
i did n't take another item beside keys or gems
reply here first or comment in my steam profile before adding me .
for indiegala bundle i will need your mail to send the gift .
1st priority will always go to whoever send me a trade offer .
reminder keys gems that you just purchased will be restricted for 7 days before you can trade it
you must be at least have proven trader '' flair or any high reputation .
send the money as friends/family or as a gift .
you need to comment below and i will pm you with the payment details .
indonesian price is for sea trader only indonesia malaysia philippines singapore and thailand .
this is due to the gift i buy in steam store will be sea region locked .
if you want to ask the price just comment below .
indiegala indiependence http i.imgur.com/fkbh2ep.png 1 key i return tod 2000 gems 1
indiegala get over it http i.imgur.com/uyopirl.jpg 1 tod 2000 gems 1
i only do other bundle on demand only and i ca n't guarantee the price is cheaper than my indiegala price .
it will be more expensive if you can buy the bundle yourself .
tier 2 http puu.sh/gvkex/1c5000ae95.jpg 4 keys 3.5 keys 15000 gems
he is n't there yet as rock frequently tops lists of the highest paid actors of the year so he has a lot of value to his name .
but batista is starting to get into some huge stuff like 007 and the marvel universe .
tl/dr a rant about powerplay inspired by recent events .
instead of adding bigger ships they added a bunch of pictures .
you ca n't farm merits and credits at the same time .
do n't bother with it ignore that shit completely .
but if you want to dip in it which is not recommended join hudson or ald get to rank 2 and farm credits by bounty hunting in their space .
a very popular community opinion and good solid advice overall .
so naturally when i just got the game i avoided anything pp-related like plague .
i do n't need any additional grinds i do n't need any unwanted interdictions i just need to farm credits in relative peace so i can get a bigger ship so i can farm more credits so i can get a bigger ship so i can farm more credits so i can wait for even bigger ships and whine about fd not releasing them yet .
so i played the game as i was supposed '' to slowly progressing and upgrading ships .
the game was becoming more and more boring so i had to invent my own goals to keep it going as i mostly stick to missions i decided to only help pro-imperial minor factions by doing missions for them and harm the rest if possible some kind of covert imperial agent .
and then ... why not try pp after all ?
choosing a power was a no-brainer senator lavigny-duval is conservative lawful and anti-corruption to the extreme the best kind of leader for a loyal imperial officer my home '' system was already in her space and the rating 2 bonus is just an icing on a cake i do n't bh much but some additional credits wo n't hurt .
i found this subreddit learned about pp basics to avoid being that guathiti-fortifying asshole read about the pegasi pirate war and every thursday evening would make that trip to pegasi sector kill to maintain rating 3 and quickly gtfo completely forgetting about pp for the rest of the week .
this week i did n't need to go to work .
i was bored and decided to read galnet never read that before .
it was interestingly involving and suddenly there was a world of politics around slowly transforming into an ongoing story .
to be fair that 's not the best storytelling in the history of video gaming but oddly enough it clicked .
well of course i was n't playing alone i killed other cmdr 's and was killed by other cmdr 's but it still felt as every man for himself each plays his own game .
but suddenly there were players working together for common goals which can shape the game story and i could be a part of it in fact i already was just have n't noticed it .
so i wanted to learn more about pp mechanics how expansions work what differentiates good/bad systems etc .
i checked preparation page something there was n't right but okay .
well previosly i would just ignore it and let the situation resolve itself .
i already have my 750 merits why do i care ?
i am the officer of the imperial navy i ca n't just stand and watch .
and i had a lot of fun while doing it .
of course i could have carried imperial slaves and palladium instead of corruption reports .
well um ... let 's just ignore the last question .
in the last two days i had the best gaming experience of this year .
there were the most intense fights i had in elite since i started playing .
and that feeling of getting home in one piece and seeing undermining counter jumping to 100 ?
and as a side effect i accidentally made 16000 merits while doing it .
a lot of people say that powerplay is a waste of time well yes but are n't videogames in general a waste of time ?
a lot of people say that powerplay is pointless and grindy .
now instead of reading some random pp-related ramblings why do n't you go back to farming credits while waiting for the next ships ?
how 's your triple elite rank still not there yet ?
twice now i 've been unable to defend your fob due to disconnections .
on the third attempt just now i was finally able to join only to find the command platform almost cleared of soldiers and the nukes gone was coming back from an invasion and only came back to the idroid far too late .
was wondering if anyone that has had success doing it was helping people out ?
i have a defender titan and lock at 295 if that helps .
i 've mailed my rent check to my building manager through fedex but he was n't home to sign for it .
he acknowledges that there 's a fedex notice but refuses to pick up the package from fedex .
the rent is due tomorrow and my 30 day notice to vacate is in there too and i 'm overseas .
can he charge me a late fee and not honor my 30 day notice ?
he knows it 's the check and the 30 day notice in there .
i know this sub has a lot of hate for cafe bikes and hipsters but i am just looking for some information .
i was at the dgr atl and was ten feet from this accident that took place .
all participants were parked lining the streets at a bar and some rider tried to get fancy and surf his bike .
he bailed and the bike jumped the curb and hit at least two bystanders .
i know the guy who took the brunt was really bad off .
from my guess critical condition he was convulsing the organizer of the event had everyone who could ride out leave asap and i never heard what happened .
just surprised that i have n't seen anything on this sub about it .
i do n't have a lot of money so i ca n't make a huge investment either .
i would like to save up some money but eat healthy while doing it .
i 'm not really a picky eater but i 'm open to trying new stuff .
it honestly seems like it 's getting worse as i go on .
i do n't remember it being this bad when i first started .
i go into every class telling myself that i have to get an a if possible and i work myself to death to get good grades even though in the grand scheme of things it really makes no difference .
possibly what 's happening is that i 'm subconsciously starting to freak out considering i 've changed my major so many times that the clock is literally running out .
i upgraded to signature status just so i can play right now and its not even working the way it is supposed to ...
currently looking for a refund since i can see a fair amount of people noticing the same thing .
only reason i got signature is so i could play right now .
i was hoping for someone to play with me in a galaxy far far away or some other awesome type of fandom .
my kinks include dub-con non-con dirty talk rough stuff and more !
here are some prompts listed by character but i love hearing other people 's ideas fantasies and scenarios !
get as deep and dark as you want my only limits are blood scat and piss .
after escaping naboo and being forced to land on tatooine i accompany qui-gon jinn and jar jar binks while under the guise of a simple handmaiden but perhaps it was n't a good idea for an attractive vulnerable young girl to venture into such a hive of scum and villainy .
perhaps i 'm captured and sold to a hutt perhaps i 'm just pulled into an alleyway but either way i 'm losing my virginity in a way that no queen could expect to .
on the eve of the podrace that will decide whether or not we successfully leave tatooine i choose not to take any chances .
i approach the other racers perhaps all at once or one-by-one and barter what i have to get them to throw the race in anakin 's favor .
the gungans are reluctant to help aid my people during the naboo invasion so i arrange for a private meeting with the gungan leader to come to some kind of ... arrangement .
with the naboo invasion resolved it 's time to relax ... meaning i finally have time to call dormé or sabé to my room to help with 'relaxing ' .
after being captured on geonosis nute gunray takes a very personal revenge on my taut young body .
aayla secura a stone-cold professional i do n't flinch when ordered to go undercover as a slave girl/dancer to help take down a sleazy criminal empire .
i will do whatever it takes even if it means seducing my enemy .
satine kryze i 've been disposed from power and thrown into a filthy cell awaiting my fate ... and then some of my previous deathwatch enemies decide to swing by and administer their own idea of 'justice ' .
hera syndulla after the ghost is shot down i 'm abducted by a criminal gang and sold as a slave girl .
while incarcerated at arkham asylum i know how to get better treatment .
orderlies doctors guards the janitor ... it does n't matter .
i 'm willing to seduce anyone and debase myself utterly for a nicer pillow or maybe a room with a window .
after mistah j dies i 'm left in charge of his criminal empire .
unfortunately for me that means a bunch of thugs who both lust for and hate me now knows i have no protection .
when i try to boss you around you show me who the real boss is .
other fandoms i play in and the characters i play
saw a stupid repost on imgur about it searched for its original source and found this
am i a little sick in that my first calculation was that 4 could hold up the average 3800lb car and thus could act as jack stands ?
assuming medical/legal clearance all works out i 'll be a health volunteer in burkina faso leaving in june 2016 !
i had a super long waiting spell from june to september but things moved really fast in the last two weeks !
also thanks for all the support/question answering you guys have provided throughout this process !
so since i put a new hdd in my laptop and did a fresh install to windows 10 education 64bit .
i 've noticed that it 's running a bit hot while just browsing reddit and watching youtube on chrome of course .
here http i.imgur.com/u2engxz.jpg is a speedfan reading of my temps with the windows task manager next to it under the cpu tab .
it only does this randomly for about 1 2 hours but it does seem a little concerning to me .
can i delete one of the orders and buy a new one or am i stuck with the ones i got ?
saw a few times in the chat box that someone rebirthed and got priest .
really lost all hope now on getting a sss priest to make into blackaria .
edit 31 now without priest d gamevil please check my account to see if got coding error or not please
the players in one of my campaigns want to own a farm to give them a toe in the economy and to give them some fallback cash .
i am wondering of 3.5e has any rules for such ?
i know there are some fairly vague rules for running businesses .
is stanford named after the college because stanford is one of the best schools on the west coast and because they do live on the west coast and there logo is a pine tree is that where the name is from
i think given the storylines and match quality surrounding the history of both titles the women 's title is actually more prestigious .
so its all started out like this ... .. me and my friend where hunting in a haz-res when we decide to reset the spawns i nav-lock to him and he drops .
i soon auto drop after and the games decides to smash my fdl into an astroid knocking out all my shields and 21 of my hull .
so i decide to shrug it off about a minute later i see a federal gunship my friend starts to scan it than the ship just goes full reverse and smacks into my ship sitting .5 km away from him bringing me down to about 50 hull .
my friend get injured in a future battle and goes to repair at the station as he leaves i see 2 ships flying in different directions it was a gunship and a dropship i decided to scan and start to kill the easy dropship kill when the games decides to tell me that after i got involved that they are in a wing .
so i kill one and try and get the other with no prevail 25 hull and heading to the station .
i see the station and request docking the relief of being safe or so i thought .
i head to the mail-slot and make sure i 'm on the right side of the slot as i enter i look at my req notification to see what pad when as i am mid way through the slot a type-9 rises from one of the close pads in front of me .
i tried to swerve but there was no time bang i smash into the type-9 and die 10 million bounties lost and 5 million of my insurance money gone in the blink of an eye .
the last thing i see is the type-9 floating quietly away out the station and into the black .
i am making a game that has a platformer-style section in that section there are enemies that shoot arrows .
for the arrow i have the code set to if it is traveling to the left use image index 0 and to the right image index one .
this gets its direction based on the enemy 's facing direction .
however the only way i knew how to do this was to check for the enemy 's facing direction and then change the speed to or 7 .
if the enemy fires an arrow and then turns around the arrow will come back in the opposite direction like a boomerang .
sept 5 i paid my car insurance bill with my paypal debit card and a temporary authorization was placed on my account for the full amount to be funded by paypal balance .
sept 6 the temporary authorization was canceled and the money was released back to my account .
my car insurance account shows the sept 5 payment as approved and the account is paid up to date .
it 's been almost 4 weeks now what 's the chance that money will be taken from my paypal account at some point ?
i dont have any friends really i 've never dated anyone but i really want to start making friends also start dating guys !
i 'm 21 female i 'd really like to have more relationships !
i really like video games lozelda kh twitch plays pokemon pokemon ddr gta sly mario kart whatever tv adventure time anime like death note fate/zero naruto spongebob its always sunny in philadelphia south park breaking bad similar types of shows jeopardy whodunits like poirot watching ufc fights movies clue star wars million dollar baby tinker tailor solder spy the departed the dark knight nightmare before christmas hayao miyazaki similar movies music edm pop trance kpop jpop rap hip hop classical lots of music .
i like taking martial arts classes like bjj taekwondo .
i like candles tea board games clothing youtube paintball bowling ice skating walking at the park laser tag flag football practicing bjj karaoke suntanning my dogs .
someday i 'd like to travel to holland switzerland south korea japan and maybe other places in the usa as well .
i like exercising cardio zumba laser tag ddr man hunt capture the flag giving massages whatever .
i love singing funky dancing listening to happy pop tiesto snsd music as well !
sometimes i can be pretty peppy/happy i like dancing/doing spontaneous activities .
perks i am a nice person i 'm also very loyal and loving .
i can have sex i can bear children i can cook i can clean i can drive a car i can go food shopping .
i want to be a massage therapist or a personal trainer .
i 'm pretty easily impressed i think people who are good at math video games are so attractive amazing .
aesthetics i have moderate acne my hair is curly i 'm always 5 pounds overweight big butt pear shaped face is just kinda below average aesthetically .
however i dont think moderate acne on people is ugly on a daily basis i think nearly all guys i see are good looking .
i like clean kempt guys clean as in showered short hair shaved dont stink who are anything except obese just cause i 'm not sexually attracted literally no other reason .
beliefs i only trust people who support individual pro-choice legitimate suicide assisted suicide euthanasia for people with quality of life complaints like mobility issues or privacy issues related things such as the terminally ill the non-terminally ill the disabled the unmedicated mentally ill who are coherent the medicated mentally ill who are coherent anyone who is coherent because if i were in that predicament i would want friends/partner/family that would support me .
i also support legalized gay marriage pro choice when it comes to people being in control of their own body their own mind their own health decisions/refusal of health decisions .
because of my strong beliefs i dont really trust people who dont agree with me on those specific issues mentioned .
i dont believe in respecting other peoples opinions '' on these particular issues because these policies affect my life as an individual .
the problem is i have never met anyone that really shares my listed beliefs .
i also dont really want to date anyone religious just cause i 'm not religious i dunno i 'd feel strange about it .
i dont wan na date or befriend anyone physically/mentally abusive either but i guess that 's obvious ... i 'm kinda willing to bend my beliefs but i also need to stay true to my feelings beliefs .
health i dont do any drugs not even caffeine or drink alcohol because of health reasons i 'm not against other people doing it if it does not affect me i dont care .
i have irritable bowel syndrome so sometimes finding something i can eat is rough ... basically plain chicken plain lettuce .
i try to follow a very restrictive strict diet for my ibs gluten free dairy free i cant eat lots of fruits veggies i eat very carefully when i leave the house .
do you think i can ever make friends or date guys ?
should i give up on making friends/dating or should i try to find someone that matches my difficult needs ?
what would you do if you were in my position ?
do you think i do n't have enough substantial/beneficial things to offer to other people ?
i 'm not particularly pretty or particularly artistic not award winning super athletic not particularly funny i dont have an extremely 24/7 bubbly happy-go-lucky personality but i think i 'm pretty good company and i like doing fun activities like paintball bowling bjj board games video games lots of activities like that .
also i want to be a massage therapist or personal trainer so maybe the skills i garner from my career could be beneficial to or of interest to other people too .
i 'm afraid i 'll never make friends never get married .
i think it would make my life kinda lackluster i 'd probably only live to 40 or 50 life willing if i were single socially isolated .
if you could make your own champion using different skills and passives of other champions what would be the ultimate champion .
rules only 1 ability/passive per champ and has to match like cant have a tryndamere ult for q .
ultimate r mimic leblanc it would mimic his/her ability 's
i mean i 'm here in reddit while jojo 's playing in the background .
does anyone know anywhere i can find some sour ales on draft in seoul .
here are the pops i have for trade http imgur.com/njt65q9
batman and spiderman pops are mainly what im looking for atm but will consider all offers .
it seems like every stay of execution story in the u.s. is just like this recent one from oklahoma http mobile.reuters.com/article/iduskcn0ru2o520150930
do authorities always wait until the last possible day ?
is it possible to sort these things out a few weeks ahead of schedule ?
i was in b before and after a couple weeks i open up to find i 'm at c .
did it not save correctly or am i missing something ?
the thumbnails in the operating system appear as the logo of my default video viewing program in this case media player classic .
i use at t and my reception is spotty in my apartment and in the area .
trailer fades in slowly bro 's are sitting on some storage crates we 're bros right ? ''
chris kattan gets captured by bad guys tracy driving away on something fast
cuts to tracy thinking while driving a speeder bike and feeling emotions
i 've got to get him back he 's my brothah ! ''
i dont give a damn i 'm going ! ''
cuts to action scenes explosions tracy reaching out while chris kattan falls off a cliff backwards in slow motion while reaching out back
keep your bro 's close and your bronemies closer ''
i saw this years ago but ca n't find it anywhere not even legit pay sites .
i was told i need a tuner or i ca n't change channels .
i was told i need a dac or it wo n't go digital .
now that all of summer 2015 is over or nearly over for the few i missed i thought it was best to post this and see what everyone thought .
as clarification for the few this matters to such as myself this is not for the best anime or the ones you gave the best rating to .
this is your completely biased opinion on what was your favorite .
top 5 shows ending this season that started this season by choice
edit note as my title may be misleading i 'm talking about the anime that are ending not the endings or ed of anime .
298 titan with 310 raid pulse rifle and void sword .
ok so it 's almost christmas and am getting a new console .
i have always been a nintendo fan and until this christmas i have only gotten nintendo consoles .
so now that am gon na get a new one i have seen that both xbox and ps4 have hd collections of their main titles .
so my question is what should i buy xbox one bundle with mcc and halo 5 separately i could buy gear definitive .
or ps4 bundle with nathan drake collection and last of us and separately i could buy bloodborn .
ps i like both adventure and fps so i do n't prefere any style just tell me wich console for wich franchise is better .
i have to update the software on my blackberry .
the library computers only go for 1 hour max and if it cuts out while the update is still proceeding than that can cause my phone to crash and probably malfunction with half a updated software .
hey guys i was wondering if you guys had any good crosshairs that would be good at tapshooting .
earlier i was writing a paper for my highschool literature class when i thought man setting up the font line spacing font size margins and header for mla format every time i need to type a paper is a chore . ''
dbz dokkan battery jp what dies it add besides the new people also how do you get the new peoole
so i want to read up on magic 's storyline and decided to do so by reading the history of each plane in order of what block they were introduced starting with dominaria .
so does anyone know where i can find a list of each plane in order of when they were introduced ?
there has been a bit of debate about the bo1 format and good '' teams losing as well as not making it to the majors so i thought of a slightly different approach to the initial stages of the tournament which would hopefully make it more interesting .
for starters it would be a 32 team tournament with qualifiers similar to the dreamhack ones this past week .
this allows the best teams to be present at the major instead of having qualification spots taken by a less skilled region .
the 16 teams from the previous major would automatically qualify meaning that 16 more would need to qualify .
for the major itself the teams would be split up into 4 groups of 8 and would play in a miniature league '' within their group playing a bo1 against each other team .
while this would certainly take much longer than the regular group stage it would allow less known teams to play more games helping them to gain reputation as well as giving the better '' teams a higher chance of qualifying for the elimination stage since they have 7 games to play meaning they could still lose 1 or 2 bo1 games due to upsets but still easily make it .
the top 4 teams of each of these groups would then move on to the elimination round of 16 .
with a few stages a couple sets of casters and good time management each group could be completed within 2 days for a total of 8 days of group stage games .
this also means that after playing out their group games qualified teams could have a few days to rest and scrim against other teams while they wait for the next tournament stage .
after the group stage the teams would be split up into elimination brackets starting with the round of 16 .
each of these elimination games would be played in a bo3 format .
for scheduling the round of 16 would take 2 days the quarter-finals would take 2 days the semi-finals 1 day and the finals 1 day .
with enough production and team support this could easily be done within the time frame making the entire tournament take 2 weeks .
while this is much longer than the standard majors thus increasing the cost of running the tournament it would also attract more viewers and gain more attention as hype tends to build more and more as a tournament goes on .
i just got out of a leadership seminar and one of the smsgt 's mentioned that the new epr will be good after a few years but cutthroat in the beginning stages .
one person said that information will be held so they are the technical experts compared to everybody else .
somebody did the math and it looks like my squadron will only be giving must promote to 10 people .
i 'm assuming the commander is going to rely on the flight to make the call of who is their top guys .
is there anything you 're doing to preserve a promotable epr this next cycle ?
let me preface this by saying i was really really impressed by the stream it was very informative and it really showcased a lot of incredible quality of life changes i do n't know why bioware wanted to be so secretive about these great changes but whatever .
that said there were a couple relatively minor points that i did n't like other than the level-scaling which everyone is already debating
companion abilities the way it looked was that companions now each have only 5 abilities per role and they may be just standard abilities for all force companions and all tech companions .
please tell me blizz can still pull out his rocket launcher .
companions albeit storyless ones are now available in cartel packs .
290 first run solar titan and void hunter so far looking to do a first time run through the raid .
to join add your gamertag to the game lobby here https www.the100.io/quick_join/9u7q5 z2oq https www.the100.io/quick_join/9u7q5 z2oq
or you can reply to me here on reddit .
i 'll send invites on a first come first serve basis .
you can also use the chat on the game lobby page to communicate with me .
another crocheter from my city posted a picture of a box of yarn on instagram a few days ago and i asked what it was out of curiosity .
her response sort of upset me because i felt like i was being dissed or something .
she just said the super soft squishy kind ! ''
i 've never encountered someone being secretive about their yarn before but my friend said she does all the time .
because her weird response kind of makes me feel like i do n't have any right to know what other people use .
i mean she does n't have to tell me it just seems petty and paranoid like i 'm going to copy her or something .
i do n't know it was just strange to me .
for 3 weeks now every morning when i wake up i feel sick and feel weak like i 'm going to have a migraine any minute .
its probably one of the worse feeling i have had in my life .
i also have horrible gaz burps and i dont know why my doctor doesnt either .
i go to school and have to be active everyday so i take a anti-inflammatory most days now.. and sometimes i still have full blown 15 hours migraine even if i took them .
i talked about it with my doctor but she does n't want to give me anything else until i see my neurologist in 2 months ...
i dont do sports drink or eat fast foods anymore because im worried its going to trigger a migraine .
im also scared to get rebound migraines because i take too much .
so sometimes i just skip them and hope it goes away but it doesnt ... .
i tried to change doctors but my family doesnt want me to .
i am the author of an me3 mod manager .
i do n't have the collectors edition of this game .
i need ot know what the md5 and filesize of the default.sfar for the dlc_onlinepasshidce folder in the game 's folders .
you can make the md5 with a simple tool like winmd5 http www.winmd5.com/download/winmd5free.zip and the filesize comes from just looking at the properties in windows .
you can find this default.sfar file in your origin games/mass effect 3/biogame/dlc/dlc_onlinepasshidce/cookedpcconsole folder .
i have been driving this 2002 wrx http imgur.com/a/bw3ew for the past 5 years .
it was in good shape when i got it and has held up pretty well .
it 's a blast to drive and makes me proud to be a subaru owner .
however because it is n't particularly new or in pristine condition i 've never thought it was worth spending money on upgrades and mods .
i figured i would just drive it into the ground and buy a newish sti that would really be worth investing some cash in to up the performance .
recently though as i 've been making friends with some car guys and lurking on here and other local subaru forums it seems like these bug eyes actually get quite a bit of love .
i 've started to take a little bit more pride in my car .
and now i wonder if as someone new to the scene this is n't actually the perfect platform for me to start working with right away .
i 'm not naive enough to think that i 'm going to get 500hp out of it overnight but i 'm thinking of starting with something like new suspension wheels tires brakes cold air intake and some cosmetic stuff .
like i said i 'm very new to this .
i 'm about to start a new job and this will continue to be my commuter for about 45 mins each way to work .
or should i just let it live out it 's golden years in peace and look into something newer when the time comes ?
any thoughts or advice on where to start are much appreciated .
i 'm female and bi my friend is lesbian .
in june she asked me out over a text and even though i was kind of interested in her i turned her down because she was still getting over her breakup with her ex who had cheated on her in some ways she still is .
also i just did n't know her enough and did n't entirely trust her motives .
lately she 's been visiting my store a lot texting and fb messaging me often and suggesting things for me my sis and her to do .
last night on fb she messaged me and asked what i was doing i said i was trying to recover some deleted photos on my phone that were very important to me .
jess seems like this is really life or death for you what kind of pics were they ?
me pics of friends and my mom 's grad photos .
i lost everything ... .oh and some nudes jkjk what are you up to ?
jess nuuuuuudes how scandalous hahaha i 'm lying in bed trying not to think of anything
that was the last message she sent me last night was she flirting with me or am i reading too much into things ?
i 'm really bad at understanding flirting signals and mistake them for friendly banter .
oh and today she came to my store again and talked me for a long time and seemed to enjoy herself .
she mentioned needing a gf again to cook for her and things were awkward for that moment when i started suggested she buy a blender and make smoothie bowls as meals she 's into health like me .
but yeah she also said she 's excited to see the movie .
so with the mana change to the boots i 've got a little confusion about which boot is better for kukulkan .
usually i 've gone pen thanks to the mana and high power but with the stats from the pts ... well pen boots have 45 power and cdr boots have 30 power but 250 mana .
with the 5 from his passive and 3 from book of thoth the 250 mana becomes 20 damage so cdr boots have a little more damage .
so here 's the question what is better 5 damage and 15 cdr or 10 pen ?
while i 'm not goan myself i am east indian .
anyone else in the neighbourhood and would like to meet for drinks vindaloo ?
i ca n't cook good vindaloo myself but i have bottle masala and would be interested in attempting vindaloo with someone else .
i am only about 4 months into my bjj training so i am unsure if this problem is actually a problem or if it is something that i have to simply suck up or if my body will adapt and grow out of it .
i have been feeling knee pain on and off the mats .
i am pretty sure this has only been an issue since i began bjj i think it is from all the work from the knees etc .
i have been thinking about taking some supplement/vitamins for joint health if this is something that is likely to persist .
before training bjj i played high level rugby and spent a lot of tie training in the weights so perhaps this could be some sort of cumulative issue but like i said the pain is recent .
urrigon farwynd was the type of man to have many bastards and little love for any of them much less for the salt wives whose bodies were naught more than objects of pleasure for the ironborn captain .
a harsh man with cruel eyes grey as iron and an unforgiving edge as sharp as the winter sea .
it was little wonder to his last wife a woman he had chanced to take from the pleasure houses of lys that urrigon did not even visit to witness the birth of his fourth daughter .
she would not wonder long as two days of strenuous labor would see her heart stilled and her body given to the waves .
infants were little use in a household but at the age of two each of the farwynd 's children trueborn or not were tossed into the sea and made to learn how to swim .
salt water ran as swiftly as blood through their veins or so they were often told .
not three years later yara pyke would earn her first true taste of the sea aboard the deck of her father 's ship the sea bitch .
from her fifth year of life onward the girl spent each day rising well before the sun to race down rocky slopes to the wharf where the men of lonely light tutored her in sailing knot-making and sail-stitching .
the wooden timbers of a ships ' deck served as a bed many a night the stars her shimmering blanket .
the journey down to turbulent grey waters became easier each year as legs lengthened and feet became accustomed to the path though she never quite reached the height of any of her siblings .
through years of effort and countless voyages in and around the isles slender arms soon became strong enough to wield a sword .
she favored a sensible weapon in a scrap unlike her father who relied on his bare heavy fists .
the year 355 saw the passing of a fifteenth name day and a raid which would forever incite in the young woman a hunger for spoils and a sense of leadership .
the six bastards of the hardhand commandeered a longship which was promptly sailed north .
the crew ransacked a coastal fishing village and though few valuables were discovered yara was elated at the prospect of bounty so easily won .
urrigon beat every single youth who had taken part in the reaching until all were bloodied and bruised but for yara the consequences held little meaning .
three years later she would steal another longship from her father 's flotilla along with the help of her longtime friend and fellow bastard cragorn .
it was a vessel bordering on near-derelict and the pair nearly lost their lives in the face of a storm as they fled south rounding the tip of westeros and navigating to the stepstones by sunlight and starlight .
for the next half a decade the two young iron islanders would find a place amongst the pirates who called the broken arm of dorne their home and they would school her in the shaded arts of sabotage .
it was through clever deception and no small amount of bravery that yara managed to capture the volantene galley divine wind renaming it the hardhand in spiteful memory of urrigon .
the past eight years have seen the bastard woman grow into a pirate and sellsail of some renown well-liked amongst the brigands and thieves who inhabit the bowels of torturer 's deep and feared by merchant vessels who should ever fall within sight of the crowned skull and black sails of her war galley .
during countless exploits and adventures yara managed to amass a crew of strikingly different backgrounds each of them vowing to prove their loyalties to the bitter end .
340 ac yara is born to urrigon farwynd and a lyseni salt wife called marei .
342 ac yara learns to swim the ironborn way .
this also serves as a sort of baptism though she never expressed interest in a religion .
345 ac yara has her first trip aboard a ship and from this point onward she learns to sail .
350 ac yara takes up the sword and she is instructed by her father 's men .
355 ac yara and her bastard brothers and sisters go reaving . ''
358 ac yara and her friend cragorn pyke steal a ship running away to the stepstones .
359 ac yara and cragorn are taught how to raid ships and the coastlines by pirates .
363 ac yara assumes control of her very own ship a volantene war galley .
she becomes more independent of the stepstone pirates and begins gathering a crew of her own from various ports and places .
urrigon farwynd of lonely light the hardhand father b .
a brigand from the bowels of torturer 's deep wryn knows the narrow sea and the oceans beyond as well as the back of his own hand and has never lost a prize .
the bastard daughter of a pentoshi magistrate shiera found herself working in several pillow houses before she was recruited by yara not as a whore but as a counter of coin .
cragorn black fist http i.imgur.com/qivszsr.jpg bosun of the hardhand 32
the child of a salt wife like his captain cragorn pyke was a constant presence in yara 's life as a child and his severe demeanor and brutish strength make him an excellent bosun .
a former servant to the glorious master of new ghis ashur built ships during his days as a slave and was rescued from the wreckage of a cog during a storm in the gulf of grief .
born in the far reaches of the known world in yi ti xiáng was a soldier in the imperial navy of jinqi before joining yara 's crew his skill in combat unmatched by any western man .
a boy '' found pickpocketing and singing around the wharves at the ragman 's harbor in braavos he was abandoned by his previous mates who sailed aboard a westerosi ship .
the war galley is some one hundred and seventy-five feet in length forty feet wide and is powered by both rowers and sails .
a ram cased in bronze sits partially submerged beneath the water at the fore of the ship just beneath a figurehead in the likeness of a skull wearing a tri-pointed crown .
three rows of oar holes are drilled in either side and two masts support sails of silk as black as night as well as a triangular foresail which can be unfurled in front .
decorative gable runs along the outer edges painted crimson and carved with valyrian glyphs and the wood is stained dark in places by innumerable patchings with sap and tar .
the ship was originally known by its volantene masters as the divine wind but was renamed as a spite to yara 's father .
if i press it and have necrocorns they stay and the necrocorns disappear .
if i press it and do n't have necrocorns they leave .
they stay if you do n't press it too apparently ... at least more than long enough for several trades in my case .
and if you do press it the button stays so nothing changed .
i 've been replaying dark souls 1 recently and i 've been reminded of how little i like equip load .
equip load allows dex builds to be more optimised than strength builds as they inherently need less investment in endurance and can use those levels for other things .
i say this as someone who much prefers playing dex-style characters across games .
i 'd like to see equip load removed and armour have a minimum strength requirement instead but i 'm not hopeful for dks3 .
here i sacrificed hp and stamina by changing the ring but there are many other permutations with different sacrifices .
im looking into going solar and companies are stating that my roof can be 10 to 15 years old and its still ok to install solar on it .
with the solar items have 25 year warranty and most asphalt shingles lasting 25 years max i dont understand the reasoning .
so with the help of some people on here i finally build my first pc and at first everything was going fine .
the main game i was playing was dirty bomb and i remember the first time i fired the game up i was getting a constant 100 fps most of the time it was sitting at 130 fps .
now the framerate likes to range from 45 yes it 'll go down to 45 when a lot of stuff starts happening to 120 which only happens in hallways and overall not demanding places .
also weird is that it does n't matter if i change my graphics settings .
i get the same results from having the graphics settings on the lowest .
while a friend of mine was playing battlefield 4 i plugged in my floor lamp because we needed some lights and i heard my speakers do a buzzing sound and i heard my friend go woah '' .
and when i later asked on a different sub what the hell that was it was apparently magnetic interference from the floor lamp dimmer but i just kept asking myself if that damaged my computer .
now a week after that happened i 'm just getting some weird ass problems .
stutters during gaming or here 's what happened when i changed the graphics settings for l4d2 http imgur.com/fsfpkoz .
alt tabbing out of the game and back in fixed it tho .
when i start a game and it shows a black screen alt tabbing out and back in ususally fixes it .
i do n't remember how this happened but i thought i 'd put post it too http imgur.com/rn2nq19 .
the cpu temps are usually 38 50 when gaming .
gpu usually at 60 69 it 's weird that it hit 's 69 when playing wow .
when i turn off color 8x/depth 8x msaa it gives me a 20 fps boost .
that option does seem to hit the framerate hard .
i did n't know whether or not that 's bad because i know wow is more taxing on the cpu but still 45 fps ?
i remember the first couple days after i build my pc the fans would n't even start spinning while playing dirty bomb maxed out .
the temps would stay between 59 63 while mainting 100 fps .
i 'm confused because battlefield 4 still seems to run fairly well .
but i have n't been playing the game for long periods of time .
i 'll usually play it for like an hour or so .
borderlands the pre sequel does n't run as well compared to some youtube videos i have seen with the same gpu and more or less same build .
stuff like trees and certain objects start popping in at certain distances and i 'm never sure if that 's normal .
i did n't even worry too much about that .
what started to worry me was just that something just seems wrong .
also sometimes when i boot up my pc for some reason it fucks up my audio interface which is a scarlett 2i2 .
i 'll hear a high pitched peep or the sound is slowed down and distorted so i end up having to unplug the usb and plug it back in .
i tried and tried googling for solutions before comming here but i ca n't seem to find a solution .
i have read that it might have something to do with memory issues but i 'm just hoping it 's anything but the motherboard because installing the cpu applying the thermal paste and then putting the color on top was the only part i really hated about building the pc .
all the other parts would be real easy to just get out and return .
is it possible the computer is n't getting enough power ?
pcpartpicker part list http pcpartpicker.com/p/v9bbp6 price breakdown by merchant http pcpartpicker.com/p/v9bbp6/by_merchant
i still have n't seen them posted anywhere ... any one else wondering about them ?
more or less a day after the f2p started my launcher just began to take more than a minute to open .
i have the first window with the loading bar that does n't load the window close i wait 2 minutes then the launcher open .
i tried opening the launcher in admin mode but nope .
albus white is both a tech company and an outsourcing provider for b2b accounting .
we are an innovative group of accountants developers designers service and marketing professionals working hard to disrupt the way small businesses outsource their accounting operations .
giving away your bookkeeping should be as easy as dropping a file into dropbox .
our product is already loved by our current clients now it is time to bring this experience to all businesses in germany and europe – and we want you to be part of that journey !
as a ruby on rails developer at albus white you will be contributing to the development of our core product – the albus white dashboard with its many applications .
in addition you will be automating processes in order to optimize operational efficiency .
this involves the integration of different apis as well as developing automation solutions from scratch .
you get to shape the best accounting product known to date
challenging tasks and the freedom to choose the right tools for them
exciting product to work on – we work on a full-fledged business suite with manifold applications using cutting-edge technology
highly scalable business model in an antiquated market – large upside potential
if you are looking for the start-up atmosphere the thrill and the chance to build something big but still want the security of a proven business model profitable from day 1 – let 's talk !
is that as a tr soldier i wo n't be earning the new directives as quickly as my counterparts .
post your light level and preferably your sword level along with your class .
so i 'm pretty hyped with timewalker gear being introduced in 6.22 thanks to timewalker badges http www.wowhead.com/currency=1166/timewarped-badge items .
there 's a vendor http www.wowhead.com/npc=98690/auzin in dalaran for the wrath tw events .
then there 's a vendor http www.wowhead.com/npc=98685/cupri in shattrath for bc tw events .
you can get all of this by doing 1 tw dungeon and the 500 badge quest item you get from the last boss .
you can fill up 12 slots of a fresh level 100 alt with 675 items just by waiting 4 weeks .
you may need to do a 2nd one from the next event if you want to grab gear from a 2nd spec ie weapon neck back ring trinkets .
you can also do the event quest to do 5 tw dungeons for a hfc normal 690-700 item .
personally i 'm doing this to gear up all of my alts .
just grabbing the gear from 1 event boosted several of my alts 30-40 ilevels .
this makes tannan dailies harrison and oronok quests much easier .
it 's also nice to be able to grab a 675 1h for dual-wielding off-hand or shield as it may not be feasible with baleful tokens .
rtwiright-in da rules read 'em carefully post a comment talking about yourself try to be descriptive to or maybe tell a story unique to you remember this is n't as much about my little pony as it is the community so tell us something about you it does n't have to be show related it could be anything .
twisecret-in do this and someone will come along and tag you based on that comment that way they 'll always recognize you !
twismile-in i 'll put a prompt at the bottom of this post if you ca n't think of anything to put down .
rtwisquint-in important step 2 is to reply to someone else 's post with a tag or lacking res suggest one based on their comment .
twipride-in link if you need to download res http redditenhancementsuite.com .
i 'd highly recommend doing so shits cash yo .
twismug-in also for any newbies i would also highly suggest downloading betterponymotes .
twiponder-in prompt what 's on your bucket list and why ?
has anyone used marquis reagent with what they know is 4-aco-dmt ?
i am just curious because i did some google searches and saw some mixed results .
some sources said it should be grayish/green and others almost black which is what i got .
i am trying to determine what i have from a possible recent vendor mix up .
so it is 1 of 2 substances both ofwhich will show positive with ehrlich reagent .
i am using broeselhud with a 40 second uber timer https www.dropbox.com/s/976hsz09c1qjxf1/broeselhud_with_uber_counter.zip made by u/martijntje and am running on a macbook pro retina .
turns out a lot of stuff gets screwed up when you use a mac !
could anyone give me some guidance about which .res file contains the font size and what that section of the code might look like ?
ie what is the heal target 's ammo and health called '' ?
i dug around in the clientscheme.res i could only find a few instances of the word ammo '' .
surfacehpammo28 '' and similar but all that did was change the font size of my ammo .
tried changing tall '' and wide '' values in spectatorguihealth.res as suggested in flame 's guide https www.google.com/url ? sa=t rct=j q esrc=s source=web cd=5 ved=0ceeqfjaeahukewiq2vnhvadiahvmo4gkhcaqbnu url=http 3a 2f 2fflamehud.googlecode.com 2ffiles 2fflamehud.pdf usg=afqjcnhba339zvkeg93n-aythnema5ge5w sig2=mjpgmqabfbi_y8v_wac8wa cad=rja and this only shifted the health text .
saw the words surface15 '' here so i dug around again in clientscheme.res and changed all the tall '' values in all the surfacexx '' values as suggested by this http www.teamfortress.tv/17182/changing-hud-s-hp-and-ammo-size .
after a good amount of dicking around struggling i 'm no further than i was before .
playing in the chl in bap and my d stand behind the net and try to pass it through the net constantly as well as turning it over more often than successfully making a pass ?
also is there a good way to get team play up ?
i 'm dominating shifts defending my area not getting scored on laying hits and scoring 2-3 points a game but still only c even when i do n't have any turnovers anywhere ?
i really want to watch a professional lol match with the team 's communication only .
maybe release two videos one about the team a 's one about the team b 's but still the same match .
we have seen highliths mic checks but never a full match .
this should be the perfect opportunity to see how pro teams work in game maybe we can learn something useful .
between two english speaking teams for the better understanding not one-sieded i want real fights not an easy match with bleeping if necessary .
i started college and noticed how many not all people look very similar to people i already know even if i only knew them vaguely .
obviously they did n't look exactly like people i 've met before but their similarities do sometimes make me do a double take .
is there some of kind of explanation for this ?
i quit maplestory a few months ago because a scummy pile of horse shit would look like a godsend in comparison to nexon .
basically i want nothing to do with nexon at all ever .
which sucks cause some of their games are pretty sweet .
i 've been recommended other games like tera guild wars 2 la tale elsword and some other free mmo that starts with a v i think .
but i just ca n't really get into them .
they either feel too involved or they 're just really poorly made in the case of la tale .
i really want to play an mmo that 's super simple like maplestory .
i do n't particularly want something that 's a huge grind fest but i really want the option of just grinding it out if i want to .
and to contradict myself i do want a very involved end-game .
i want boss fights to be fun and engaging .
and perhaps most importantly i want levelling up a new character to be even more fun with all my gear cause i 'm a fucking god now .
are there any mmos that kinda fit this or is maplestory basically just it ?
as for the fps side i really do n't like cs go or tf2 .
i wan na be able to buy my guns and stuff before the fight and use them in all the fights i have from then on .
i want lots of game modes and lots of guns .
i 'm sure there are some fps out there for this but i just do n't know where to look tbh .
i would like to know what are the books that you use for each year .
i tried googling it but mostly i only find the syllabus plan nothing about which books they use .
if you study/studied cs can you please give me the plan their books that you took/take ?
spsrtan 4s are loud and spird avengers ninja turtle power rangers while blue s tried and true and are simple just like real halo .
please someone who has done it or is high level help me out
1 share verification pics holding a piece of paper with your username .
no faces or nudes necessary ... .just proof that you are male/female
3 player b tries to guess the number or face value
4 if they guess the number or face value correctly player a must remove two articles of clothing this can include things like socks if you wish .
this also means that player b gets to add an article of clothing if they happen to be missing any at the time .
if player b 's guess is within one number of player a 's card then player a takes off one article of clothing if player b 's guess is within two numbers of player a 's card player a neither adds nor removes any clothing .
if player b 's guess is more than two numbers off then player a gets to add any one article of clothing back on .
this would be better over skype for obvious reasons but could work on kik as well ... it would just mean that the honor system is in place no switching cards ! .
it does n't need to get ridiculously dirty but it 's a chance to have a bit of fun with a stranger !
edit i forgot to mention that each player takes turns guessing .
he wo n't make it official until i meet his mom who
he has n't taken me out on a date yet .
we used to frequently text but he has stopped sending good
morning texts and he 's been short with me .
him at his home we talk about us and we act like we 're a couple
i 'm falling for this guy but i feel like he 's scared of commitment
he has told me before that he 's scared i 'll break his heart
help me out redditers i feel like he might be the
very briefly i 'll say that it 's easy for me to socialize and connect with people in spurts but in the long-run of entire school or work days my introvert traits tend to override social skills .
i 'm wondering if entry roles even focus on those aspects or not .
well one of the factors in us prioritizing a project has to do with how 'fair ' something feels when it is powerful .
the hope is that by increasing clarity players understand the situation better and it might make riven feel more fair .
if accomplished the 'ceiling ' for her power is a bit more flexible which is important if a higher of players get there .
so with other words they want to make bad players understand when they need to stay away from riven and succesfully make it so that good players have even more tools to use to punish riven .
have held my own but have n't found the right group yet .
i 've been tasked with evaluating open source monitoring solutions for our noc .
i 've heard of zabbix opennms and cacti but want some input from people who have used them .
here are some of captain america 's birds https scontent-dfw1-1.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-xpf1/v/t1.0-0/q84/s526x395/12011322_501172190058185_3939726561975486897_n.jpg ? oh=a0aa513e94b9bfe62635353b9fb14a25 oe=56a55d53 and a water test https scontent-dfw1-1.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-xtp1/v/t1.0-9/p720x720/11168073_502180716623999_1332238966528145083_n.jpg ? oh=c377950fb6c27dd6582bdaf73d570ab0 oe=56a83ab3 for samples !
hey guys a single himiko wrecked my team and a thor keeps sending lightning without the any party member activating a chain 3 .
seems like the the colosseum ai is giving some payback time .
i want to create my own gooseneck tube that is flexible yet rigid and holds the shape to put electrical wires inside .
apart from taking it off from an old lamp is there anyway i can craft this myself ?
to cut a long story short my dear grandma passed away yesterday .
i was never really close to her mainly because we have been living in different countries and with different languages ever since .
unfortunately i ca n't even make it to her funeral in romania .
as she was very religious i would like to respect and follow greek orthodox mourning traditions .
however i know next to nothing about these as i am not religious myself and have difficulties finding relevant information on the internet .
i asked my mother briefly about it and she mentioned not to wash any clothes and generally use as little water as possible on saturdays .
what are other rules '' in this direction that i should follow also regarding housework work in general or food preparation ?
i 'm deeply sorry if my request comes across as rude or ignorant .
i just feel a bit lost now and do n't want to be disrespectful to my grandma .
i have created this account only for this thread .
however i will try answering questions if there are any !
i bought tasker yesterday and i figured out i need to be rooted for gps controls .
this is okay because i plan to root in a couple months .
my problem is i set up a disconnect/connect to wifi to enable or disable data but nothing happens when i leave wifi or enter wifi .
do i need to have root to do this too ?
the f2p face hunter deck has been the same for over a year now wich is good it alone makes f2p viabe even if blizzard always try to find new ways to screw us over new screw on gvg board any1 ?
i have so much gold and dust saved up at this point i could buy a full golden collection 5 times over .
but that would just play into what those savage p2wins wants us to do so im saving the gold and dust for extra bm .
this week i would like to take a moment to how on how bm should be used .
followed immidiatly by i will hunt you down ! '' .
but ive found most people concede faster if you just go with well played '' indicating the game is over before it start as it is .
this philosophy i took from sun tzu's art of war !
but be ready with a i will hunt you down !
this will make them think you know where they live and youre coming for them irl .
they so scared they probably uninstall game wich they should !
sometimes you can get a mirror matchup wich is tricky cause what if your opponent is a fellow f2p brother ?
well hes not he is p2w in disguise and you can just procede as normal .
ive got solid rektel that f2p always get p2w opponent who topdicks the right cards 100 of the time thankfully to great f2p cards like huffer and another huffer they still cant beat us !
the brawl this week is f2p but you cant do classquest in it wich makes it suck hard beyond reason .
so it is f2p but its also forcing p2w on ladder/casual blizz just cant get it straight tbh ... plizz blease xddddddddddddd
edit things that suck your opponent blizzard r/netdeckstone r/competitivenetdeckers p2w the prez he is p2w that blurry thing around the card wich should be ultra hyper mega max hd and every streamer ever !
open the graphic settings i suppose the wrong graphic card is chosen .
the gane possibly tries to use your intern graphic chip .
you can change that in the nvidia settings panel .
when i am home again i can send you a few screenshots where to change it .
i 'm guessing they 're not actually related and he 's just been taken advantage of .
albeit weeble will likely be an ally of luffy for a while or he 's gon na end up scaring this people hating mink-tribe at a crucial moment thus saving everyone or something like that ...
officially the chapter of the dark angels is the same as any other kind of chapter out there but then you 've got their successor chapters which all know about the fallen too .
the dark angels and their successors constitute about 15 of all the space marines so that kinda gives you a figure of about how many chapter masters and other high-ranking marines know about the fallen .
it 's not that every battle brother knows that much about the fallen beyond inevitable rumours but they still work together much more than other chapters and their chapter masters have their seat at the dark angels ' inner circle .
this makes azrael the de-facto/semi-de-jure grand master of all the successor chapters too .
feel those body parts go numb as you have a nice long exhale .
someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit
footer if you follow any of the above links please respect the rules of reddit and do n't vote in the other threads .
what do i need to look for when reviewing a demo ?
and should i look at the overall demo or just run it with lowlights option and analyze my deaths ?
i get all the tna i need by just watching the ec3 stuff
i 've seen images of bone for a while but the way the character looks has always put me off it for some reason .
first wave of units companies usually look at every failure and use it to improve quality for future builds .
by bringing in a unit that has a problem you may help prevent the same issue for a future customer .
this post has been removed due to rule ii .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/poetry if you have any questions or concerns .
i really wish they had n't dropped wireless charging .
yea you are assuming the first offense is just a slap on the wrist ... it 's like 9/mo with breathalized 6/mo with no license 10k in fees and numerous hours in court .
i 'm not some serial wasted driver who you can just decide is a bad person .
i '' m not right but i 'm not evil .
it scared the shit out of me the first time i saw my ferret like that .
i picked her up and she was completely limp .
i wiggled her a little bit and she look up at me like ... 'wtf ?
why are you waking me up ! ? ! ? '
after a short bout on google i read up on it and was prepared for it the next time .
i used to mess with her like this she was such a laugh .
i moved somewhere i was n't able to take her along and gave her to my brother .
it 's a flaw but it 's his prerogative .
you get more blankets and other necessities with the same amount of money by using the bargaining power of the government .
i had an instinct that these bhosadiwalaz are doing it for votes !
instead of appealing for calm helping and assuring the victims they are doing this !
how can any supporter of their 's not feel ashamed at it ?
elements as alliance placed first in eu lcs with tabzz .
every run has the potential to be pacifist but not every seed has a haunted castle .
well every run ca n't be eggplant or no or maximum or hell or low .
i also do n't want to put this list in a position where every time someone comes up with a new type of run on a whim it has to be added to the list .
then we 'd have to add drain olmec two robots anubis ii to yama etc .
you are saying that a run that is popular should be listed thus my argument that shiled runs should be listed because they are more popular than pacifist even though pacifist is a bigger objective in the game .
the niche runs tend to have very descriptive names .
true pacifist hell run and single player eggplant run sounds more complicated than shield run .
regarding maximum i recall a discussion from earlier concluding that it had to be the ice caves worm partly because the jungle worm would prevent going into the black market or haunted castle .
there have been discussions about it but we have not decided on anything at least not with me present .
i half fear non of those characters from birth by sleep will even be touched on in the new game .
the zygote is an entire human being at its earliest stage of development .
at this point i 'm arguing semantics but that 's not really what you said earlier .
also a zygote is a eukaryotic cell formed from fertilizing two gametes .
the term itself is n't even exclusive to humans so using it to define an entire human being at its earliest stage of development '' is a misuse .
you 're trillions of times more complicated by cell count than you were as an infant
those higher functions are encoded into the organism from the very beginning
encoded does not mean present and does n't necessarily guarantee they will be present either .
you are not the same physical being you were a year ago .
the food you eat is literally transformed into your physical body .
the point i was making is that people are not the same organism from fertilization to adulthood .
if not interrupted it will result in a fully formed adult human
not necessarily since a lot of conceptions end in miscarriage and the birthing process is imperfect and can produce inviable offspring which are occasionally dangerous to the mother and have to be aborted how do you contend with that ?
at most i 'll give you that outside of external variables the system in place will attempt to produce a healthy infant .
i sincerely hope you are not trying to make this argument based on the scientific criteria for life .
ok so in biology a living organism exhibits the following characteristics
this is a scientific definition for life in a biological sense .
if you look at a zygote as its own organism it semi-passes semi-fails like a virus a zygote does n't quite exhibit a couple characteristics .
however if you look at a zygote as you would a human being it understandably fails miserably .
it just does n't exhibit the same behaviors that humans exhibit .
however there is a point in development where these characteristics start to be exhibited by the fetus by a human standard .
i hope you see the distinction i 'm making .
removing a zygote is not equivalent to removing a late-term fetus .
the issue with zetter is he 's pretty easy to play decently well and he absolutely wrecks people that do n't know how to play against him .
which i guess is n't really an issue now that i think about it .
all of his moves have pretty long start up times so it 's easy to parry or just avoid them .
i have n't really played maypul much but i 've played zetterburn a fair amount .
i will say that maypul is pretty much a free win .
might be the only person in the game with worse recovery than zetter and is super light to go with it .
that being said if you get zetter off the edge it 's basically free his recovery is terrible and you can stop him from getting back fairly easily with basically every character i think .
the problem is he can live to 90 pretty easily and kill at 60 which is kind of weird .
but honestly i think it kind of balances out he lacks recovery options and can be gimped super easy .
i 'd like to know if 2 moldering shards were the only loot you received or was there something else too ?
the 10 most sought after majors from the university of ignorance !
wow i never would think that would get a job !
comparing these camps to concentration camps while demeaning and wrong as they were does nothing but water down the definition of what a concentration camp really is .
similar to the current definition of genocide being watered down or not understood at all due to certain political groups calling everything genocide .
0.5 seconds is not a long time to react even when you know its coming .
true but some countries you would n't want to include as part of the free travel nor all of them would be up to the standard required for a common currency or otherwise you 'll end up with another greece .
new engine supplier it 's replacing the kf engines .
also the fact that ditches are clean of any clutter and bushes .
that 's not the case in real life and might be the reason why roads seem so wide .
podding slicer into havenghul lich was one of my favorite plays .
no matter how many times i tried nothing ever top enel 's shocking face .
always nice to see a fresh new moderator to see what ideas and changes they can make to the sub .
if you wan na get that splash screen launch archeage and before the splash appears close glyph fast .
just an fyi on this it is possible to get surgery as a smoker .
the one i saw in vancouver will do di on a smoker but not peri .
while i agree with the idea of fading defenses in their second or third consecutive road games the larger concern with hill is that game flow has n't been a concern at all for cincinatti .
the bengals have been ahead throughout most of their games so far
the most damaging part of jeremy hill 's miscues and role loss is that cincinnati has trailed for just seven snaps so far the second-fewest in the league . ''
a small group of fundamentalists does n't seem like much of a threat .
at the moment whilst we 're nothing like the usa hurray for multi party politics the tea party and/or the fundies over their started small .
i rather tackle a small problem/group now before they get a foot hold .
persian cats look like they went charging across the room lost traction and went face first into the wall .
well that 's just confusing for things like devoid .
i mean i know how it works but its one way for one thing and not for another thing .
even so not like you could cast an out of color devoid card anyway .
the rest are just extra maps/skills/abilities that are not necessarily just pay to win stuff .
the consensus that most videos have and what worked for me was splitting the wick into two parts and stuffing part of it into the juice wells .
the low mounted pipes are from zard and also wrapped .
i 've also put on a motogadget mini tacho .
no other performance upgrades yet but suspension is next !
de bate pronto o grande problema que eu vejo é o hash n salt .
essa técnica só é segura se a formula da geração do hash for segura .
se o programador entergar/vender essa informação não há garantias de que alguem não possa ir lá e concatenar alguns votos extras .
you need some rich white patron to make these yellow people actually do something interesting .
i use a custom command for moving around brackets .
move cursor to the previous occurrence of left bracket .
the list of brackets to jump to is defined by xah-left-brackets ' .
move cursor to the next occurrence of right bracket .
the list of brackets to jump to is defined by xah-right-brackets ' .
give them a key such as c-7 and c-8 .
you do n't want to bind it to tab because by default that 's indent or completion .
there will be more 3d shows in the future but i do n't think 2d will die as such .
it 's japan there are always going to be creators who feel connected to the traditional art of animation .
right now there is some weird stuff going on with old pvp items .
you probably checked when i deleted the whole table and regenerated it .
it 's also been specifically stated that those with 2.0 relics will have some kind of shortcut on the 3.0 relics .
a popular theory is that this will be a stat choosing step so it is possible .
same here 70 tasks or so without hellhounds or abyssal demons .
the rework was atrocious was no need for it .
what has become of this game that this is a thing to complain about.. cides ppl with hi elo do n't want to play a position they 're not good at on their account because the risk of it effecting rank..especially concidering the balance is drawn by a rank that reflects just wins and not by position proficiency .
this a diamond mid queuing as keep would play against diamond mids and get owned ...
this would in effect ruin the match for his team .
you know in the nhl a keep can not pass the middle of the rink without getting a penalty..
i do it whenever im concentrating on something like reading
as awful as that must be for you that sounds horrible for him .
basically his family is telling him you 're too good for him ?
you sound like a great couple hope the stress from this bullshit does n't affect the relationship .
i like the video trying to teach indians how to poo in the loo .
you have to learn how to play other people 's music before you can make your own .
that 's why people who know how to read sheet music are generally much better at writing music .
it 's because they know what other people have done and they know what 's new .
you look like someone who would make a dating site profile just to send dick pics
it is but i dont know how to use it since i constantly switch i 'm a very paranoid person so i tend to write my transfer codes down on a piece of paper ...
i lost a magician kotori account with an idolizable sr though ... sighhh
you 're really faulting someone for not attacking an already calm bear ?
do you really think that the best and safest course of action is to literally get up and hit the bear in the face ?
poetic justice would be him getting sodomized in jail by a big black dude .
poetic or really any meaningful sense of justice would be for this guy to suffer the most he possibly could .
i promise that there 's no greater suffering caused than the suffering of remorse in where this guy could potentially come to a point to where he feels as disgusted at his behavior as you or i feel about it if not worse .
the best way for that remorse to be possible is through cognitive rehabilitation .
put a guy this naive merely behind bars as punishment much less just slapped with a fine and i promise he wo n't learn his lesson .
if he did it 'd be a miracle much greater than if he learned his lesson through modern therapy .
the only justice i know is this guy feeling as much suffering as he 's caused .
which can only come most likely through actual rehabilitation not merely and only petty fines or jail time .
edit apparently he did n't get jail time and paid a few hundred dollar fine .
if our justice system was more mature and in accordance to modern psychological insights then he would have also gotten some kind of mandatory therapy/cognitive rehabilitation sessions that he 'd be forced to attend and show actual progress in until he could be released or face actual jail time at least .
slapping the wrist does n't work on most adults but neither does mere confinement from society .
you need cognitive rehabilitation if you 're this naive/dysfunctional .
there 's an extraordinary bias against the prequels and it twists people minds and makes it near-impossible to give them any wins .
not saying they 're perfect but people hate them 'because they 're the prequels ' because they 're 'not ' the ot and they project that onto the films .
not really she never gets objectified when she 's not wearing it so it shows only one scenario with her .
on the other hand it shows both scenarios for him .
the message i got was that he 's too attractive to not get get noticed sexually objectified by both sexes and she 's just okay .
i watched it and now i sense the shit winds
sorry your post was removed because you did n't have the 2/3 digit country code in your title .
please resubmit with the country code in the title .
now i know why pro 's have mechanicals during races thanks !
i do n't live in the oregon area but if you could snap a picture and post it on pns i 'm sure it 'd hit front of here and we could all get a good chuckle out of it .
as long as you 're wearing your yoga pants i let you get away with that one .
i dont even know what game that was but what i just saw was fucking awesome .
i spent a large portion of my childhood in no mercy .
well i 've run out of lks but at least i got approved .
context if needed morocco is not a member of the african union because they recognize independent western sahara .
also it 's one of the poorest arab countries .
the sound is similar to han geng 's recently released i do n't give a shit '' but no shade i think that 's an awesome coincidence .
maybe people can stop coming for 24k for no reason now lol .
unboxed a strange factory new night terror as my best unbox feels good man .
made an overall profit got three cases sitting in my inventory .
worth noting i do enjoy sharping its a rather zen thing to do .
more just wanted to know the benefits and when to stop i guess .
onetab is an extension for chrome that lets you save restore groups of tabs .
but it might not be exactly what you 're looking for .
i consider it a basic human right for all .
it 's shameful that people/corporations are allowed to profit off of human deaths .
i wo n't even start of the profiteering of the prison complex .
in addition to medical copayments more than half of states allow prisoners to be charged room and board while incarcerated . ''
you can probably look up your county offices online .
mail usually takes 2-3 days to be delivered locally .
watch out for your security guard he might betray you
i find this funny because the nudity is part of the game .
joaquin seems to be now aiming more towards the sc/nc area than the northeast http i2.cdn.turner.com/cnnnext/dam/assets/150930205048-hurricane-joaquin-possible-paths-exlarge-169.jpg .
just saw that the bb-8 in the hasbro black x wing is n't painted with orange decals .
my first assumption is that it 's a piece of crap .
but then i thought it might not be bb-8 but another ball droid .
bb-8 might be with the gang down on the dirt ?
any reference to bb in the final act of leaked synopsis ?
well i also have to bring mine jacarandas but have very similar needs as i understand it indoors .
what you should do is wait til spring when it can go outside and chop .
put it on the balcony all year when temps are above 50 f ... not sure celsius sorry haha .
it 'll get more sun probably than a window .
you can chop it this spring but i 'd also transfer it into a larger pot .
continue letting it growing to full size then chop and repeat until the trunk is where you want it .
when growing something out for the long term always keep the plant 's health in mind when making decisions .
i try to remove as little as possible since they do have to fit in my garage but at the same time i want them to grow and be healthy as much as possible so i time my cuts for maximum growth .
when you up pot it do n't disturb the roots .
here 's another thing that often comes up make sure you forgive yourself if you do get cravings .
it is normal to have those feelings just do whatever you can not to act on them maybe call someone who is n't going to judge you or freak out if you need to .
i really do generally try to be polite to people but you 're just the definition of a stupid shitter .
it 's no samsung built-in camera for sure so you definitely lose quite a bit of functionality .
best face best photo all those others that i never figured out those perks are gone and what you 're left with is pretty basic functionality .
besides the developers made a disclaimer that the connection with camera is one of the hopefully few outstanding issues with the rom so they recommend using an alternative camera app should you run into problems .
so far i have had once a connection issue which is easily rectified by a reboot .
i have a couple or three camera apps so no big deal for me so far they 've worked flawlessly .
i do n't even know which of the multiple calls that should have been red this post is referring to .
well studies show that your score plateaus after the third test but nevertheless i 'd rather eat dog shit than study for this thing again .
70 pure coke would be amazing it would still look very fish scaley now a days most coke is around that purity when it comes out of its source country they press the bricks now a days with levamisole primarily and sometimes ephedrine right in the source country or when making its way through the cartel in mexico .
they do this so they can make less cocaine less cocashrub needed to be grown for the same amount of bricks the dea posted something like 87 of cocaine seized mostly at the border from mexico contains high levels of levamisole because it has the same fishscale appearance as cocaine .
levamisole is a bad choice for a cut and its definitely not being cut into it in the us .
its done by the cartels for the same reason any drug dealer steps on their product more profit .
then onces its in the us its cut again at every level of the supply chain and by the time its made it to the street level dealer its already cut to shit and the street dealers cut it with rc stims like apvp amd ethylphenidate aswell as benzocaine lactose powder etc .
especially because rc 's are so cheap and easily available now a lot of shit sold at the street level isnt even cocaine at all anymore .
just fucking assholes mixing some apvp or ethylphenidate with a bunch of benzocaine or lidocaine and an inactive substance so that it attempts to mimic cocaibe since ethylphenidate and especially apvp are much more potent .
its hard to find even decent coke these days even 30 is considered good quality these days .
the coke scene has turned to shit just like the mdma/ecstasy scene is now primarily flooded with methylone and other rc 's somewhat similar to mdma .
any street dealer these dats can order that shit online and make an absolutely crazy profit margin .
so unless you know someone thats not at the bottom of the food chain almost all street coke is absolutely cut garbage .
i dropped out halfway through year 12 for multiple reasons .
basically my mum would n't allow me to drop a subject that was far too draining on my study time .
i was getting behind in a few subjects because of this .
i left to go move in with my aunt in another town and study there .
then i studies retail and decided it was very much for me .
i 'm getting into management now future is bright and all .
i think ultimately i would have taken the same path had i completed highschool .
i was n't going to get a uai if i dropped the course so was n't going to uni anyway .
the main positive was not leaving highschool but leaving my mum we do n't have a good relationship .
i did this last weekend biked over gg bridge to sausalito and took the ferry back .
check the fog first though because the view from the bridge is the killer part and it looks like it 's going to be cloudy this saturday .
i only ask because areas like that are closer to home for me and despite even the most rural areas having decent population density compared to out west t-mobile seems to still have lots of 2g put of cities and spotty lte at the moment .
he does n't have a studio it 's run out of his house .
all employees are contracted and mostly from out of country from what i understand .
shai-halud is distracted ... also herbert has a ton of really campy weird books from like the 70s that get looked over .
i would recommend hellstroms hive for a quick read .
i myself am a leo and my best friend is a gemini .
i think for the most part the signs are good influences on each other .
the leo encourages the gemini to get out of their own head and enjoy living in the present and the gemini encourages the leo to think more about the bigger picture and the reasoning behind their actions .
they 're both pretty friendly and outgoing even though i think that gemini has more introverted tendencies they 're charisma is pretty equal .
i 've loved all you quirky bastard geminis that i 've talked to .
and not to brag but to totally brag leos are fucking awesome .
parry his q to win trades and once you get some lifesteal he really ca n't punish you at all .
just like most riven lanes you need to play around her shield .
try to anticipate when she 's going to stun to parry with q otherwise try to parry 3rd q .
at 6 if you parry her ult you shit on her .
actual hard lanes for her ... malphite is so easy to play into her .
his passive can reduce her q poke he has no notable damage/cc that 's easy to parry and he can generally just beat on her .
lissandra is considered a pretty strong mage into her .
a well played kennen can win ... probably a few more
it was so romantic and amazing he ended proposing to me .
then he cheated on me and put me through hell .
now my birthday is just a reminder of that .
girl should send it to another boy who may or may not have the same initials and loves cigars .
call sigma aldrich make sure to emphasize you are a lone individual and are interested in the most destructive power per ml .
just be a decent fucking human being do n't get all white knight about it .
do n't worry kids getting eaten by an alligator is just like falling asleep ... in a giant blender .
hahaha i thought the same at first but apparently you are arrested first and then the da decides to bring charges or not .
there are different procedures on this depending on what state you 're in .
i 'm gon na go with producing a technology is not the same as giving up a patent . ''
while the article had a clear agenda bias there are some points it makes .
i mean it is clear as night and day that resource overconsumption has the potential to be a major problem in the future and it is first-world countries such as the united states that contribute the most to overconsumption .
also while we may want to instinctively make fun of the article for implying that cubans are better off than westerners there is a point to be made that higher affluence is not an indication for actual happiness and feeling of well-being as anyone who 's studied positive psychology can tell you .
in fact while people in first-world countries are demonstrably better-off than they have ever been before rates of depression and anxiety disorders have been rising for over 30 years .
like it or not we will probably have to cut back at some point on our resource consumption .
that does n't mean no technological improvement just that perhaps we will have to go without having 3 cars two tvs and three computers for every home .
seems to me like it 'll become a popularity game .
people that are cool '' and outgoing will get a ton of positive reviews while the introverts are shunned or disliked for being antisocial '' .
i find it difficult to believe that they 'll manage to handle to cyberbullying .
no we need to lock him up before his price goes any higher .
he 's a young athletic 7 footer who strokes 3s and is finally figuring out the nba .
and he 's gon na get tons of pt .
and also what else are we gon na spend paul allen 's money on ?
yea im trying to buy with a credit card and i keep getting the same error message .
my problem with the rito croud is that that they do n't acknowledge the shit that happened or the shit thats still happening
... because the migrants that come to america are magically the good ones .
skipped school in the 6th grade to go get some fish n chips .
walked up to her and asked for her autograph .
she gave me a long as pep talk instead about keeping my head up or some bullshit .
no they wait for you to grab it and then bust you ... how didnt you think of this ...
my wn8 lies around 630 but i am improving quite rapidly .
i have the yasenkrasen mod installed and in the last 100 games i have around 1300 wn8 i really f*cked my stats when i first started playing wot
my winrate is not worth mentioning as it is terribad
kevin feige says he plans to make a cameo on screen in which he will shoot spider-man in the face take a dump in his mask and mail it to aunt may .
then tobey mcguire will return for three hours of emo dancing spider-man .
you are talking about a guy who is also according to him suing a dressmaker for 2m over his wife 's wedding dress .
i ca n't decide if you 're being genuine or just really good at this .
so you say that you would have a ranged and mage strength .
is n't that essentially the exact same as power ?
the way you 're putting it just makes the game grindier in my eyes .
in most countries there is no individual liability for an employee of a company told to use pirated software only for the company itself .
but there is definitely a moral/ethical aspect to the whole thing .
if your boss knowingly tells you to install a bunch of essentially pirated/unlicensed windows servers for example do you
just do it '' since they 'll get fined not you .
refuse to do it and see what the fallout is .
on this site a lot of people would pretend that sysadmins only do 2 and 3 but the sad truth is that a lot of people just do 1 since it is the path of least resistance and if the company gets fined it often does n't have any direct negative impact on the employee the worst they can do is fire you .
i wish there was a candidate who was honest and would just send out
'' if i am elected i will use my position to boost my media profile and to flesh out my corporate bio a bit .
i 'm in chicago and it 's shipping from a western burb .
if you 're a good looking asian dude that is 6'3 you are a god damn unicorn .
i 'm not surprised girls throw themselves at your brother .
it may seem impossible to stop a grey goo now but that 's because we do n't know anything about the exact properties of general purpose nanoassemblers because they have n't been invented yet .
once we have them we 'll know what sorts of circumstances the available designs do and do n't work in all sorts of simple things might deactivate them .
like water or heat or cold or lack of one or more of the gases present in air or lack of a key solid ingredient in the feedstock etc .
and we 'll know how to build nanoassemblers that just go after rogue nanoassemblers .
i think it depends on how the first two games go .
if we 're 2-0 after grenkshaw i think anderson and wood both get starts and then greinke again in 5 if needed .
if it 's 1-1 or we 're down yeah you 're probably right .
read books by tony robbins and simon sinek they changed my life in a matter of weeks .
also read books like the compound effect the shortness of life and how to make friends and influence people .
also follow and understand the material and teachings of tim ferris who can teach you many things about how to approach new things and be successful with it .
yeah people need to regard their dental health very highly .
went through a patch myself around 18-20 years old where i got very lazy with my flossing and brushing .
while my damage was not nearly like yours it did cause a lot of enamel wear my teeth are visibly much more yellow than before and i believe i have gingivitis because of it ... it is not worth it ! !
it costs a fuck ton of money to get it fixed '' down the road .
o psb ainda está ferido das eleições além de planejar lucrar com o enfraquecimento do pt .
this will be ignored but for the love of shit why is there not a watch pg '' option on dvds ? ?
just make a new playlist with the mature chapters removed .
also pretty obviously divide the movie into chapters so the adult stuff that does n't further the plot is isolated to its own chapter s .
it 's only a dream it 's only a dream it 's only a dream
discover youtubers like stonewall and realize just how bad those guides were
start watching pro play and realize just how bad those youtubers are
realize neither me not my teammates will ever be that good
yeah it 's hard to keep motivated to stay on it 's just so much more user-friendly and intuitive than yammer imo .
good to see gausman with a deep outing like that even if it was against the jays b team
seriously though the competition for thinnest '' phone is beginning to be a con for me .
i wind up putting a case on my phones because they 're so thin that it 's easy to drop them and because they 're so thin they 're also incredibly fragile .
however aftermarket cases are n't without their own downfalls .
if not designed carefully they can lead to overheating and damage of the phone .
i 'd much rather purchase a phone with a longer battery life 240fps slomo smartburst sd support wireless charging etc .
and was the same thickness as the droid x .
i was trying to be price conscious just a little bit .
maybe not for deterring the actions of usa and russia but economically it is very relevant .
you say that as if that would make them magically approve of it .
use a t4 aircraft to grind them that 's what i do to avoid the 6.7 madness ...
he constantly talks about how much tsm has done for him in furthering his career
i do n't know how to answer your question .
but here https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=xno_k3vmvc8 is a 20-minute long rambling video where a lutheran pastor does a review of a trailer for one of david platt 's other books which may have similar content to radical but may be completely different for all i know without having read the book but only watched the trailer .
having said that i think he makes good points and maybe it could be relevant to you i do n't really know .
your submission has been automatically removed because it is not a direct link to the image .
please delete this and submit a link ending in .png .jpg or .gif .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/thewalkingdead if you have any questions or concerns .
every time i see pb '' i think of peanut butter .
i just really like to take care of the people i love .
i feel kinda weird about it like it 's old fashioned and house-wifey but really nothing makes me happier than making sure that people i love have everything they need .
just wanted to make sure whoever made it originally got credit cuz i 've seen it before .
i just bought a 1 hr golf lesson for 20 and redeemed it today .
man did that make a difference in my swing and my game !
you might have to wait and look for awhile but keep checking and you 'll find a deal that will fit your budget broke grad student here .
the instructor will not only give you tips and help you understand the swing but he 'll give you drills that you can work on at the driving range so you 'll be able to practice for much cheaper than playing a round at a course .
jace the mind sculptor was banned on my birthday 6 years ago .
dad '' has that feeling of familiarity to it father '' is more formal and impersonal
you look like you joined the navy so you could be the ship 's cum-dumpster and your poorly placed anchor tat means you love se a men '' like popeye loves spinach .
i know how much you like some good begging !
true you do have good points but try applying this logic .
while sasuke may not be able to go as fast as naruto for the entire time he can definitely react no matter how fast naruto is going considering that 1 .
they 're pretty much even in terms of power and 2 .
sasukes equipped with ems and rinnegan which combined will allow him to track naruto 's movements and still be able to fight him .
this is the same thing sasuke did back in the fight with haku .
haku was too fast for both naruto and sasuke and when sasuke unlocked his sharingan he was able to keep up and react to haku 's attacks even tho he was n't going as fast .
it would only be better if the dog handed over the hammer grip first .
the question is valid but it could have been asked in a better way .
instead of saying it seems this is only interesting is if ... '' sounds like this is shit i 'd only use this in one particular special case maybe '' .
but it is not really the intent behind the question i think .
comparing this to ntp reliability is a very valid question .
as this adds a layer of complexity and embeds itself into the server membership/gossip protocol .
for me its been dornish guys they just ooze sexuality and they 're open to bisexual stuff .
maybe i 'm alone in this but he has n't played a single nhl game yet .
i do n't think he should be on the list .
you know how reddit says do n't put your dick in crazy ?
looks like it was still there but the picture was moved above the signature .
i moved the text up and its all visible again .
i 've never experienced anything like it before even with north face snow boots for a 10 hour day .
if we continue to watch and share frustrating content like this are n't we promoting the continuation of similar programming ?
i pk with them half this stuff was n't bought just random items from my bank .
that 's what happens when you start your season against troy eastern kentucky old dominion and south alabama
bob the builder gets butt hurt when i call him out on being wrong but look at him now being a dick .
if that 's not the reason could you then explain why you ca n't seem to recognize the basic fundamental difference between a non-profit organization and a public corporation ?
when i say nerfed i mean nerfed triton i havent had much luck with triton
did n't play a lot of games with my brother growing up we both played rpgs a lot and on our 1 pc so had to take turns .
one that we played that i also played a bunch with my friend is a rare lesser known super nintendo game called metal warriors .
played the head to head in that game so much .
one time i left an embarrassing message on my crush 's family 's answering machine .
i was probably like 7 or 8 at the time .
i called back a couple minutes later to tell them that it was my evil twin who left the first message and that 's why it sounded so dumb .
i immediately regretted it and was about to call back with a story about an evil triplet or something when my mom stopped me and hid the phone for my own good
america doesnt backup isis they backup rebel factions who are competitors to assad and are part of the civil war in syria that started well before america even showed up
some things indirectly unintentionally get in the hands of isis/whoever but america does not intend this and its a problem for them too
america wants a legit '' government in syria just not assad because hes a dictator and many syrians agree given the civil war occurred in the first place
i really hope you sort it out because i feel your experience is unusual and you might want to send the ticket soon if no one else can help .
support time can vary usually within a week or less .
for instance the median annual income for a dental hygienist is 70k .
one thing that 's amazing to me is how so many people were speaking against chrome os only a few months back and now no one is contesting so many people preferring chrome os over android for the pixel c. honestly it 's just like chrome os actually is a better os in some ways .
when i was 11 or 12 me and my friend at the time were home alone and were talking pyromaniac shit .
we decided to make molotov cocktails and went behind my house along a mountain trail to throw them .
there was a concrete gulley that ran along the base we threw them at the concrete and had some fun .
thinking we 'd extinguished all the flames and embers we went back to my place .
cut to an hour later and we smelled smoke we went out back to check it out .
the whole mountainside was on fire all my neighbours were frantically trying to put it out as the blaze crept toward their homes .
the fire department came and after about 4 nerve-wracking hours it was finally under control .
no one lost their home but it came damn close .
i hid in my room the rest of the day praying the authorities would n't knock on my door .
my grandfather figured out that i did it and helped the neighbours as well as hid me and he never mentioned it to anyone until about 7 years later .
now it 's regularly used to stir me up at family gatherings .
the n5 was a high end phone when it was released .
the 5x while more expensive is just an average mid-range phone at its specs and hardly an improvement over the n5 .
you say he doesnt care to learn but surely if he 's bringing it up then there are aspects of it he is interested in knowing more about ?
check the junlge win rate and note that noone plays jungle lc at high mmr this is representative of low mmr games .
lc is a good counter to am for example but if you jungle the am will be ahead and you 're not a counter anymore as he will straight up kill you .
lc is a good counter to broodmother but will do nothing against her if you 're in the jungle .
if you look at the hero list of who lc is good against all those counter-mechanics will not work if you have jungled as it is likely that they will be far ahead by the time you got your items .
not every uneducated girl might kill herself when getting her period without understanding what it is but please make sure the girls in your life know what to expect .
lol come back to the sub after 3 months to see this.. such a shame .
you can look at my post and see what i have !
if the offer stands id like the ddd and little mac ! .
it will be my day 1 as well tomorrow .
just because fnatic is good does n't translate to the whole eu region being good .
so my question for the panel is this a secret as to what happened to missing and/or hidden content ?
i have the following illegal pokemon you might be interessed in
love ball ha tepig love ball ha slugma love ball ha cottonee love ball durant fast ball hoppip and friend ball snorlax .
i 'm not really looking for anything specific surprise me with legal bankballs preferably with egg moves
still driving and striving as fast as he can ''
mix half and half to start and work your way through the old food over a couple of weeks or longer .
yup just good ol ' fashioned 2 ballpoint pen p i do n't really know how i get it clean i guess practice !
funny the day you 're born that 's really your death sentence .
my last drop was the m4 nitro worth 5 bucks .
why does everyone think dyrus is going to go ham on tsm ?
what he hates is the majority of the community and certain analysts .
says it in the q a section at the bottom .
you should go for it i once wrote about 3 strategies here http www.theworldlyblend.com/how-get-clients
yeah that seems quite strange to not utilize the octane .
for the engine i built yesterday i did n't utilize all octane because it output most power at 97.8 ron but i 've never had that before and had no clue that was possible .
went i got mine they had the standard metal pole legs single height .
i think some standing height ones and other things .
i do want to go get the drawer piece http www.ikea.com/ca/en/catalog/products/10192824 that replaces the legs .
i would say that because of our labor laws the only way to get to lay off someone is basically to claim there is no work arbetsbrist .
so it might be a ruse to get rid of bad workers ?
or lack of skills of the jackasses he was shooting .
we spend about 80b annually on the department of education. yet most pundits agree that the us education system is in arrears .
hell there was a post that made the front page just today about how we apparently rank behind even russia in several academic disciplines .
if you took every penny from the koch brothers why stop at 900m ?
you 'd only get it once and it would only fund doe-level spending for one year .
since that has failed to positively affect our education rankings i do n't see why anyone would assume it would make a dent in poverty .
thank you hopefully you would enjoy my new stuff too
just upgraded to el capitan and am running office 2016 .
absolutely no problems with excel word or outlook everything 's working flawlessly .
i read the reports about it being buggy but thus far have not experienced anything bad .
having said that you should always have a recent backup just in case !
802 chapter later and goda still have unexpected suprise for us .
and if there 's a tribe which has lived for 1000 years does that means we will learn something about ancient kingdom here ?
i searched for cuckold cock and instead amazon keeps showing cuckoo clocks .
i meant the racer/flash combo i completely forgot about black flash !
what i meant was i do n't remember the racer/flash combo having skis in jl 44
even you 're a bleeding cunt '' is n't harassment .
these people are cheapening the word harassment which will do more harm than good .
when simple name-calling becomes harassment all harassment loses gravity .
i ca n't even find what he 's talking about though .
there doesnt appear to be a macbook air '' with an 11 '' screen with an i7 .
the highest model is an i5 with 4gb of ram and 256gb of storage .
this should be the first proof that we 've always known the physical differences of man vs woman .
i 'm not saying if a woman can do the job she should n't be offered it .
display the skills needed for job regardless of sex .
thanks dude that 's actually my favorite picture too .
i 'm not a photographer or anything but i 've always had a high appreciation for good photography .
playing in diamond i 'll say its actually because diamond players will punish the 4 player team on the afk situation and not the afk himself .
the afk when and if connected usually knows how to just farm a sidelane and not get killed but the 5 player team has usually pushed their advantage at that point to where it 's very difficult to come back dragon advantage turret advantage possibly inhibitors down .
when i started playing tf2 i was an engie in mann vs. machine boot camp .
one of the upgrades was disposable sentry '' which i did n't even realise i bought .
i found out that i could place a smaller sentry along with my larger sentry .
on my first pub i found that i could n't place the smaller sentry and i typed in chat how do you place a disposable sentry ? ''
to which a lot of confused people replied what ? ''
i did n't play the game for another year .
tells me i can pick up craigslist item on wednesday
hmm well logic would dictate that the persons with the most to gain would be the obvious suspect .
given how everyone would automatically suspect putin since he was his opposition '' i would suspect who ever had the most to gain by trying to vilify him .
in my eyes it is a lot more likely the right wing nationalists in ukraine would be behind it .
its too public for putin or even the us to do themselves .
it could even be other members of the anti-putin brigade inside of russia itself .
frankly given putins history he would be much more likely to concoct some sort investigation on trumped up charges then just disappear him in to some prison where he could parade him out as an example of why you do n't question putin .
killing him like he was does n't server any of his goals or fit any of his prior actions at all
for soloq i really do n't recommend shen top .
i love his playstile but he 's not that good for soloq .
he has some very punishable weakness that you ca n't compensate just in soloq not rankeds 5 due to lack of communication specifically in lower elos .
if you face a strong early champ or splitpusher like tryndamere shyvana jax and those things well you are going to be 24/7 in toplane because you do n't push that hard and they do .
also if you ult into a teamfight the splitpusher is going to be there to take your top towers so teleport is a must and your kill preassure in lane goes very low .
besides shen i think that 's a pretty good champion pool
wo n't directx12 use the integrated graphics from the i5/i7 even if you have a dedicated graphic card ?
i 'm in love with the chords/leads you got going on everything really is perfect in this track man really unique .
tenshin shin'yo ryu the first style kano had learned had ne waza techniques and so did many other ryu .
ne waza was part of judo from its beginnings .
ground techniques played only a minor role in early judo though .
the story goes that kano 's students remained undefeated in all matches against other schools except one .
there was an extremely strong ne waza expert from a school called fusen ryu who they could not defeat .
anyway judo grew and it 's techniques became more outfleshed .
to what extend they adopted fusen ryu techniques i can not say but it seems likely they incorporated effective techniques from this style as they did with many others .
i found this had no chance to assess the quality of the source yet but it looks promising
in 1900 the kodokan suffered a school defeat in a contest with fusen ryu ju jitsu .
fusen ryu specialized in ne waza or grappling techniques and this specialty carried the day .
typically kano persuaded fusen ryu 's headmaster mataemon tanabe to reveal the core syllabus to kano and kano sought out a similar style jikishin ryu ju jitsu to incorporate its techniques into the kodokan syllabus .
from this point on kodokan judo began a trend toward ne waza .
kim sol '' a history of the kodokan '' manuscript university of montana 1999 .
the only legit reason to be looking at your phone during the game .
jk you also got ta send friends/family pictures of the view from your seat to make them jealous .
he 's basically saying she 's an idiot which she is
i mean i had a head light out too so it 's not like it was even drivable .
oh and he still owes me 2 used cottons ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
i totally fucked my dealer over did n't i guys ? ! ?
and a large number of nasa 's operations are actually done by usaf personnel out of various bases .
nasa might not get the same level of funding it got in the past but it gets a lot of free stuff and employees as well
two months after the fact but having a difficult time imagining this place anywhere in the end .
look at kaku 's special ... new dex character with a special like mc
what if it were hitler who was fondling katy perry ?
obviously a new player who never discovered the end turn button
one of the few good theories i 've seen on here .
yeah so we 'd just sit around while the weapon debris is inspected before retaliating ...
specifically the thing trident is designed not to do .
your submission has been automatically removed because the title contains cringe '' .
please put more effort into your title and describe what 's going on !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cringepics if you have any questions or concerns .
and if you like ciampa now just wait until he gets signed and he brings out the mask .
iirc the 2001 's have the wings like this but not the 2013 release .
i 'm gon na skip the technical wavelength stuff but ill start with this ... antenna size does n't matter its the surface area of that antenna .
there 's a silicon chip in a phone designed to act as an antenna and its only a few mm big with traces that are only nm big .
that translates to a ton of surface area and there for a wide range of frequencies and power
the half-life goty box is great and something i wish i '
the monitors looks great and i would love to do something like this but i have n't been able to find something that matches my yamakasi catleap 27 inch well
they 're holding the burger toppings in place with an item that doubles as a suction device to be deposited in the drink lid after it has fulfilled its initial purpose .
mcdonald 's is at the forefront of maximizing efficiency and minimizing waste with this design .
they said 2-3 weeks to get new stock seems we were too slow on the trigger pull there .
chances are esperanto will probably make arabic easier for you https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/propaedeutic_value_of_esperanto .
definitely soloed it yesterday for that quest that i ca n't think of the name of .
if we freed up money why did we have to convert part of drew 's contract to a signing bonus ?
pobby and dingan '' by ben rice is one of my faves .
really short you can finish it in a afternoon but it will stay with you for a while .
about a struggling family in a small australian mining town that comes upon a heap of trouble when their young daughter loses her imaginary friend .
you 'll laugh you 'll cry you 'll upvote the hell out of me .
one of these days you 're going to kill some poor boy 's erection forever by screaming love me daddy '' as he 's cumming in your hair behind a dive bar .
demand to get your own think of all the trouble you 're having just getting it installed and then imagine what it 's going to be like when you have circuit trouble .
i understand where you 're coming from but still have to disagree with you .
the main problem is that steam 's drm is surprisingly weak .
publishers do not trust it and you ca n't blame them .
and last i heard vac bans were hit or miss on non-valve games which make use of the service .
it would end up being a mess down the line if we kept it to steam 's drm alone .
i 'd go so far as to argue this would hurt game quality .
drm is only put in to make the contract look safer to investors .
by managing it on their own they will be able to modify it to however the investors will feel comfortable .
drm will never go away because it takes away too much control .
if anyone thinks ubi wants to hassle players with uplay they 're out of their minds .
the truth is not everyone is has that valve money .
and some company 's long-term goals are different from others .
we need to look at it in the long-term rather than argue so much over the 'now . '
to put it even more bluntly drm must exist as it does .
investors do not have the time of day to be concerned with whether a single company is protecting their product from what they perceive as thieves .
despite what people say those who torrent games are lost revenue .
it 's just how it is and companies have a moral obligation to hit returns for their investors .
for a while the data was migrating not immediately but it would show up in the new app .
i can still access my zr5k runs in the classic version but it 's nice to have them all in one place although on the other hand classic still syncs to runkeeper so that 's a pro for classic lol
thank you for your offering i guess we will go straight to knoxville to enter the blue ridge parkway and leave a couple of days off in case of mishap and not be under much time pressure but thank you again
my problem is i can never feel the vibrate or look at the time without unlocking my phone !
as long as the pc 's could do the research themselves granted they 'd probably b/c npixies then i 'm ok with this .
you and i are on much the same page even if i do n't explain myself well .
i believe it goes just as high maybe not though either way it 's pretty close but yes it goes farther to the side .
thanks for taking your time to read through it i wanted to do a realistic scenario that would n't end up with a clichéd attempt at hitler 's life .
i hope not because this is beautifully insane if it happened .
i 'm a big fan of the 2-4-1 because inexperienced teams will frequently have no idea whether it 's a clam a zone or person d .
what a guy for allowing it to go on for a month and probably longer had you not realized your mistake !
im sure he can tell me himself if he doesnt want to join us
i 'd rather she play hippolyta how cool would it be to see that .
i pulled the trigger on the white 32gb 5x and it 's showing 2-3 weeks
i wish my boyfriend would help pick out my makeup lol .
he does help me with clothes so that 's something .
as a tink main i consider rob 's grounded side b an unholy abomination .
for ex instead of building a huge autoclave for the carbon fiber parts acquiring talent staff and the related infrastructure you outsource it to a company who 's good at it and already have everything setup .
you need to have the 'mod ' packaged as a dlc .
and all the players in the mp game really need to have the same dlc in order for it to work properly .
this is my understanding of how it is done .
i just make mods i do n't play mp .
mods that use lua which is about 95 of anything really interesting anymore do n't play nicely with the mp work-arounds as i understand it .
partly it is some of the commands mod-makers use within lua partly it is just firaxisciv5+mp=crap
get back on it yes you can no longer say it 's been 191 days since your last cig but you went 191 without a cig and that 's amazing man .
i think we will be seeing some more of those two colors with faria arla and valentina .
blazer and alice may also help if you do n't mind the red and/or green mixed in .
medusa is just a beautiful card and while the knights of the round table use quite a bit of red key cards like gawain and perceval are yellow .
well i do n't even believe in it really anyway .
but it was the only thing that seemed was happening at the time .
did i read that stoner is out with an undisclosed upper body injury ?
what are the chances of manson playing so well that he fills in for him while this injury heals and stoner ends up taking a seat ?
i know salary would be a big time issue but one can hope .
fyi i 'm about half a mile north of the line so lake michigan it is !
we have n't put anymore dirty hits in than we 've been given in the series you just remember them because your guys happen to get injured .
oakman could have easily injured mahomes with both of his dirty plays in that game if you want to start that talk .
i hope to get most of the core mechanics sorted out over the next 3 or 4 months .
i 'm definitely looking forward to working on and optimizing the item and pokemon handlers .
for reference the map currently has 700 textures for just the overworld pokedex and a few menu frames .
i do n't think i 'll never not be impressed by that standing moonsault .
persona 4 golden was one of the best gaming experiences i 've ever had and it got me through a hard time in life .
is there anything you could provide to give a sense of scale ?
it 's what happens when the graphics card begins to fail .
before the pussy level rises to where he is drowning in it it puts out the fire thus he is no longer hot and the pussy evaporates over time .
this took place about 10 years ago to two of my cousins kate and emma .
kate and emma and sisters kate being the oldest .
kate was around 10-12 ca n't remember exactly and emma is about 6 years younger .
before i tell the story i want to describe the build of the house so you can visualize they story better because they run around the house quite a lot .
the house is built on the slope of a small hill .
the front door sits at the top of the hill and theres a curved staircase the leads up the hill to the front door .
the entire first floor sits on top on the hill also .
in the kitchen on the first floor is a sliding door that leads out to a large deck on the side of the house .
the deck has two sets of staircases one that leads to the front yard and one to the backyard .
theres a door in the basement that leads to the garage .
the garage leads out to the driveway which is next to the beginning of the staircase that leads to the front door.hopefully that all makes sense i might include pictures later .
so on to the story kate and emma were home alone watching tv it was sometime in the afternoon .
now they lived in a fairly safe neighborhood they were also in the country small town indiana so it was pretty normal to leave younger kids alone while the parents were at work as long as the doors were locked .
kate walked out onto the porch they had an indoor porch and looks out the window to see a middle aged man probably mid 30s-40s just standing there .
nothing in his hand dressed pretty casual nothing really out of the ordinary .
kate knew never to open the door to strangers so she walked away hoping he would just leave thinking no one was home .
a few minutes had passed and the guy beings banging on the door and does n't stop .
kate is now a little freaked out because clearly this guy is not gon na leave .
kate grabs the home phone and calls her dad and tells him about the guy .
he says to grab emma and go out the sliding door down the deck and run to the neighbors yard .
so still on the phone with her dad kate grabs emma and walks into the kitchen .
she had n't noticed that the banging had stopped until she saw that the man was now standing on their deck right at the sliding door .
now in full panic mode kate tells her dad and he says to run down into the basement and let jake off his chain .
kate runs down into the basement and into the garage .
jake 's cage was in the garage and they would often leave the garage door open just enough so jake could walk under it and move around outside while still attached to his chain .
when kate and emma get into the garage the guy was standing there right outside the garage petting jake clearly not scared of him .
now kate and emma are basically in tears not sure what this guy wants .
their dad says to quickly run back out the sliding down down the deck and to the neighbors .
practically dragging emma by the arms kate runs up the stairs and out the kitchen onto the deck .
the guy is now walking up the first set of steps to the deck shouting angrily at them .
they scream and run down the other set of stairs and sprint across the grass .
since this is the country the houses have a decent amount of yard in between each .
while running on this strech of grass the guy is chasing after them screaming for them to come back .
kate and emma finally make it to the neighbors and burst through the door without even knocking .
their dad arrives shortly before the police do and begin questioning the guy .
apparently all he needed was to get some gas as he ran out a few blocks down .
i do n't remember exactly what happened after that or what happened to the guy but i can ask my cousins later and update you guys .
anytime this story comes up in my family we all agree that his true intentions were clearly not to get gas from two little girls clearly terrified out of their mind .
to the scary man who chased my two little cousins because you needed gas '' ... let 's not meet .
edit so sorry about the initials i did n't know it was a rule i changed the initials to names
after watching chris rock talking about bullet control it made me wonder if instead of gun control laws what there were indeed more restriction on ammunition ?
ammunition is not a firearm just like gasoline is not a car .
we already have restrictions for explosive chemicals or mixture of chemicals .
had it ever been mentioned if aragorn ever visited the hilltop where the tomb of elendil was ?
replace the black girl with a white boy and you have the breakfast club more or less .
virginia has privately contacted all eca member states protectorates and pennsylvania to establish joint bases for all eca forces to freely move in when in confederate government .
virginia will allow its air and army base in mayfield kentucky to be used as a joint eca base and will allow up to 50 of the forces stationed there to be eca/approved .
we suggest other member states who had privately agreed to name or construct a base for eca use .
i just took around 1400 mics assuming these tabs have the amount they were sold as .
i believe they do based on comparing previous dosages on them to the list of effects by dosage here on reddit .
i figured there must be something i need to see down the rabbit hole before i give lsd a break .
it 's been about 20 minutes and visuals are already becoming noticeable .
the earliest i can think of is robert deniro in raging bull ...
i know this seems like a help question but it is more of a statement to see if anyone else has noticed this lately .
i am a network admin at a college and lately we have noticed the google search captcha happening a lot .
it seems normal except there are two things that make it weird .
first it has nothing to do with a virus on the computer you are on .
we took a brand new macbook pro out of the box and by our third search we had the captcha .
second it does not seem to affect windows pc 's .
we have several of those on the same network and none of them have experienced this .
yet 100 percent of our macbook 's and imac 's have experienced it .
uk eng so i used to work for a company that gave out free shares in a share incentive plan .
now since i left i thought they were forfeited but im still getting dividends years after .
therefore the pleasant feeling you feel after taking a big shit might be compared to orgasm .
my friend is 60 rep short of rank 3 and really wants to get his titan auto rifle .
he has done all test weapons this week and he has found all 4 dvalins .
i know some quests give gunsmith rep such as the this crucible quest http db.destinytracker.com/quests/3690749381-weapon-master which gives 500 rep .
but he has n't even started the first crucible quest .
could r/destinythegame help us figure out a way for him to get 60 gunsmith rep ?
i just restored my laptop windows 10 and during the process of reinstalling the apps that i lost readit would n't install from the store .
select retry to close and update the app '' with an error code 0x80073d02
edit i 've tried running wsreset.exe and it didnt work
edit 2 installing other apps works just fine which is strange to me
hello i got a new laptop today acer aspire e5 721 .
it already connected to the wifi in the store successfully but at home it just wont work .
my router is secured by wpa2 personal and a mac security where i registered my new laptop .
when i enter the password it says can not reconnect to the network '' .
if i enter another 16 digit password it does not even realise that i used the wrong password as long as the password is 16 digits long .
i would visit the store but tomorrow is a work free day where i live .
i am starting another side business soon and while coming up with the premises i decided to try combining things i love .
almost all of my annual charitable giving goes to animal dog rescues across the country .
so i was thinking about using a decent portion of proceeds to go straight to animal rescues with some items where 100 go to the rescues .
the model is more of a dropship model and will not have any stocking cost and fairly low on the upfront costs so i am comfortable with a decent portion of proceeds going to these causes as this will or should anyway be extra income to help fund other business ideas if successful .
it was a bit of an afterthought but it occurred to me that this might help with marketing the brand .
does anyone have any experience with using a portion of revenue to a cause as part of marketing ?
i 'm just a french guy looking for a website where you can meet someone and talk with like a real life exchange program except it 's on the net because i want to have a better english and i 'm kind of shy talking through a computer is easier for me .
today i 'm selling a lenovo yoga 14 2 in 1 .
the only cosmetic issue is a missing rubber foot '' on the bottom of the laptop .
yes i know it 's on ebay for that amount but look closely those are a similar model but lacking the nvidia graphics card .
i 'm looking to set up a deck with alters for captain sisay as captain toad reki as luigi gaddock as mario saffi as yoshi etc .
whether or not everyone admits it most guardians are quite conscious of how they look .
as a titan i want my half-mini-skirt to match the rest of my armor which is why i have around 7 different class items of varying colors that i 'm trying to infuse up to 300 .
in destiny 1.x if i wore the saint 's helm i put on a purple shader .
if i wore ruin wings i put on a metallic shader .
i made most exotic armor work except for armamentarium there was no hope for you my grenade-nippled friend but was always disappointed at how exotic armor choices limited my shader choices .
why then would this wonderful fashion-conscious upgrade to armor only apply to year 1 items ?
are we going to have to wait for destiny 3.0 before year 2 exotic gear gets the same upgrade ?
immolation fists are kinda ugly as they are but what if i could make those shotgun shells bright red or pink ?
i hope bungie has plans to bring year 2 exotic gear into the wonderful world of shaders sooner than later .
edit i should clarify that i 'm referring to new year 2 exotic armor .
i 'm aware that year 2 versions of year 1 armor adhere to shaders and i appreciate that !
i just find it strange that old exotic gear was updated to work with shaders while new exotic gear does not .
name and background nevshi22 here though most just call me nev in game .
i 've been playing since launch and i 've run the raids many times and have worked with another person on here to sherpa people though .
times i tend to play from around 7:30 to 11:00 eastern .
i do split time with my wife so i might not always be on but if i know in advance i can make the effort .
raids i feel comfortable doing vog nm vog hm ce nm and ce hm .
i can teach king 's fall but since it is new i 'm no expert .
style i 'm pretty much an average player and i do n't expect amazing heroics from people .
everybody is going to mess up at some point .
unless it seems deliberate or is the result of completely not listening to the strategy i wo n't get upset at messing up .
if we wipe we try again until we 're tired of doing it .
other than that i 'm willing to let people do things if they want to .
let me know and we can go over the best way to do it .
requirements be around the right level or light level and do n't bring green weapons .
also you may need to put up with some cussing .
i am willing to take someone who does n't have a mic so long as they know the battle well enough to compensate for that .
tips it never hurts to watch a video or read a guide regarding the fights .
i 'm not going to give a pop quiz but it helps if people have a basic understanding of the fights .
i was diagnosed with bipolar disorder a few years ago .
things were bad very bad at times but i feel like the alcohol managed some of the symptoms .
i stopped drinking 7 months ago as i tried to kill myself and i knew that if i didnt stop drinking it would happen again .
i do n't black out 3 nights a week .
i had a hypomanic episode that was much stronger than i had ever had before i smoked weed and was intensely paranoid thought i was shouting on the streets though my mouth was closed was completely confused and couldnt find my way home i thought that i had lost touch with reality months before and people around me were nursing me they were n't real friends anymore and all my friends around the world were in concerted contact for about 6 days before going to the hospital and getting antipsychotics .
from then on i would only have fleeting bouts of paranoia .
i had never dealt with paranoia before and did n't know it could be a feature of bipolar disorder and i 'only ' have type 2 .
i went on a trip a month ago with friends after being fine for about 3 months and took some stimulants and amphetamines .
i separated myself from the group and got intensely paranoid again .
i noticed dozens of micro expressions that indicated their distaste for me i thought they were constantly acting nice around me even someone walking past i thought had some sort of negative intention towards me .
they are aware of some of my problems so they let me have time on my own .
somewhere in the back of my head i know that much of the things i notice can not be real there would be too much group effort involved but i ca n't help feeling that it 's true .
i sent an email to a friend explaining how i felt and saying sorry about how self involved it made me and received a no bullshit response which was exactly what i needed .
then i started thinking about it and now i do n't believe any of it though i know i should .
i know i 'm paranoid but i ca n't shake the way my thoughts are going .
i want to believe my close friends because i love them dearly but i ca n't .
i 've been on two separate antipsychotics for about 2.five weeks but it just keeps coming back .
the doctor did n't tell me exactly but i know she thinks i had a mixed episode .
i never leave the house because of anxiety was teaching but lost students because after the trip i could n't see anyone .
i constantly feel unwanted in every social situation or i feel any time anyone wants to interact with me it 's out of pity and i do n't want that .
i 'm living at home now and my friends are in a different country .
i do n't socialise because i think every action or movement i make is weird and makes people uncomfortable .
i ca n't keep living like this i 've stopped drinking i run 20k a week now i 've stopped smoking i 'm trying to be as healthy as i can because i want all of this to stop but it feels like i 'm never going to get out of these cycles .
the paranoia comes in waves so in a few hours i 'll be fine but in a few days it 'll happen again .
if that does n't happen i can look forward almost certainly to another episode of depression or hypomania in the next months .
i am an intelligent able bodied guy in his best years '' but i ca n't get a job leave the house .
i do n't want pity i just want to get my life together .
has anyone ever dealt with this type of paranoia ?
how can i be so self aware aware of the paranoia yet still believe it ?
any advice at all on anything would be really appreciated .
round 2 bloodlusted goku vs bayonetta with 1 month of preparation time
currently running 8.3 on an ipad air 2 loving it .
i used to have an ipad 2 a couple years ago and it was jailbroken as well .
i remember setting up in my old college radio station between shifts and popping up gpsphone and using a wiimote to play some pokemon .
now i 've got gpsphone and btstack and everything but there 's no way to set up a wiimote with it .
i 've done some looking around and currently i 've got retroarch downloaded as well but it crashes as soon as i get into frontend settings and i do n't even know if it would work anyway .
it sounds familiar but i ca n't put my finger on it .
so i recently made a fursona one which i have not got a name for yet haha .
for future reference for myself and maybe other people d i need a ref sheet .
i am an amateur artist at best and do not know what angles of my char and other information needs to be there .
i got a butane torch that i 've been dying to use .
what can i sous vide in under 12 hours and use my torch to char the outside ?
hi i 'm new to eso and im playing on the xbox .
i want to make a character mainly around my bow .
i remember reading that because of the large number of people imprisoned when stalin was in power some of the criminal jargon ended up influencing the russian language as a whole .
do you know of any common words used now that originated from say the gulag ?
pm me some pics and i 'll do the same and we can meet somewhere and then maybe do something later on .
several people asked me to make a post about my impressions after experimenting with draft and 5v5 play here it is as promised .
1 randomized draft order turns out it 's a terrible idea !
in my defence a no one could predict top2 world getting first picks in both 1st and 2nd round b 2 out of 3 tournament organizers and 5 out of 6 captains voted for random .
as a result first place was cemented by atletico kebab before cup has even started
i will not be getting too deep into draft picks given what most of subreddit is not to involved with russian-speaking community here is picture http i.imgur.com/mcf0zo0.jpg which is worth 1000 words .
3 we all were incorrect in predicting which aspects of player skill would become more important in 5v5 .
i personally thought what 5v5 will increase importance of positioning and further increase rift between iphl and nghl players .
the unspoken presumption is what nghl player while sometimes being even better than iphl one with puck-handling most of times will be worse with his positioning and map awareness .
turns out space is so much more congested in 5v5 you very rarely will have clean line of passing and your average time with puck is shorter .
as are result you can be mentally most amazing player in the world but if you have need 3 seconds to take control of the puck in 5v5 you fucked .
positioning of course is still important but only if you already passing barrier of entry in technical abilities .
4 overall in 5v5 you need higher average player skill to continue playing passing game which we were used to in 4v4 .
out of 6 teams in our tournament only 2 could pass and that only because they concentrated most of the talent by virtue of good draft .
5 increasing importance of having good goalscorer upfront not even superstar just competent forward who able to receive pass from behind while moving dribble around defender and score .
up to round 6 by far worst drafted team in the cup .
in round 7 they got bure which is a bit controversial figure and mostly known for having great puck control and never passing something like lucic in lhl ? .
bure propelled his team to the cup final with 22g/a4 statistics which is probably biggest g/a ration in the tourney .
several other teams were visibly toothless on the counterattack because instead of goalscorers they had good utility players sometimes very experienced who just couldn perform under pressure in 5v5 .
6 from gk`s point of view a lot less of 1v1 a lot more longshots .
nobody will fault you for conceding 1v1 and you not saving at least 80 of longshots you feel like shit .
my personal impressions 5v5 looks really good with good players and meh wth average players .
semifinals ibutho eyiqhawe vs athletico kebab was some of the best hockey ive seen this year while parallel semifinal xiyarlar blue boys were honestly unwatchable slugfest .
im dont think we have enough quality at this point to move to 5v5 .
saturday it will be cool and possibly rainy/windy which might mean shorter lines ?
will they be closed for both wind or rain ?
maybe i should go sunday but i 'm worried the lines will be long since it 'll be nice lol .
if they say no they 'll look like a total dick .
also works for the person ahead of you in line at the grocery store/liquor store with air miles .
so i like many spend tons on packs preparing for ea taking our dough away .
i 'm no noob to the game but certainly not an insane player like some are .
with the fb players not selling for tons other than cj2k what is the best place to use these guys ?
i know lqs gets a lot of hate/love and the 10 gold players for trophy set is a decent option but since the market prices for trophies are n't very high i was wondering what people think would be the most beneficial use for these players/trophies ?
i think that i might like it because i like civilizaiton v. but am turned off a bit by the dlc .
i am having a hard time understanding which dlc adds to the fun of the game and which is fluff .
i 'd like to think that the base game is all that i need .
should i just get the base game and possibly add dlc later ?
we can start at our checkpoint or go fresh .
gt xh 0 s t i l 3x 0 is a zero
it is high time we did something about the attempted imperial invasion into the pegasi sector .
this is federation space with a small amount of pirate activity led by archon delaine .
imperial incursion into the area is a major issue we will not sit idly by as the empire continues to invade federation systems .
this is an odd situation but the federation has been asked for support from the kumo crew .
they are facing a band of rogue pirates probably stemming from cmdrs serving under various imperial senators .
the attempted expansion into mandii is a front for imperial spies and terrorists .
we must counter this expansion to avoid further imperial incursion into pegasi .
my gt is shenmuezero and id be active and will to join .
i know everyone has different ways of handling this but what is your approach to planning vacations in the midst of infertility ?
i am struggling and curious to see how others handle this .
i 'm australian so my political weight carries little-to-no bearing in united states politics .
that said i love america and have travelled there numerous times .
the people are amongst the best in the world and your natural landscapes are unparalleled for their beauty .
there can surely be no denying that the issue of gun violence is a dark scar on an otherwise wonderful nation .
at what point does a nation of reasonable and intelligent people stand up and say 'enough is enough ' ?
hoping this thread does not get downvoted into oblivion ...
after the departure of princess dahkot queen solaris and parliament planned a national bank and currency .
the bank 's main inspiration was the banks of nippon .
the first bank is to be built in eralena city then port neka .
this currency will be easier to trade and build a strong kingdom .
solaris is also suggesting this the santee empire as well .
hey all first and foremost please understand i 'm not trying to discriminate against anyone .
i 'm just stating statistical facts and odd abnormalities i 've noticed with the sale of my game http store.steampowered.com/app/328080 .
i decided to poke around and look at other games and i am seeing the same trend .
i 'm curious if anyone else has noticed this trend or if i 'm just completely crazy ?
my game as of writing this has 159 reviews .
of the 24 that are negative 13 of them are not in english roughly 55 .
the complaints in nearly all of the non-english reviews have nothing to do with not supporting other languages they 're usually specific to game play .
pretty understandable and reasonable reactions like the game is boring '' or i just did n't like it '' .
normal stuff i would expect as a negative review obviously i wo n't please everyone .
on the surface that does n't sound bad at all really half of my negative reviews are n't in english .
well the phenomenon becomes more interesting when you look at how many total non-english positive reviews i have the ratios of positive negative and the amount of total sales to non-english countries .
roughly 50 of my total sales are from the us and canada and another 10 are from the u.k .
i know there 's many more english speaking countries but for simplicity 's sake i 'm just using these stats since they make up the mass majority .
so i am rounding out assuming 60 of my ownership is english speaking but realistically it may be closer to 70 .
now that leaves 30-40 of my owners making a little more than half of my negative reviews .
that also sounds fine when you think about it maybe just by luck of the draw i have a few more unhappy people that tip the scale .
but now lets look at the ratios that 's when it all goes to hell and makes you wonder whats going on .
note math is all rounded so the numbers will be off slightly
my total reviews have a rate of roughly 5.6 positive reviews for every 1 negative or 18 negative .
my english only reviews have a rate of roughly 10.1 positive reviews for every 1 negative or 0.1 negative .
my non-english only reviews have a rate of roughly 1.7 positive reviews for every 1 negative or 58 negative .
if the negative reviews were related to language barrier problems ie complaining the game was only in english or was too confusing i would completely understand but it 's usually not .
it 's mostly related to just not liking the game itself .
but it 's puzzling to me that i have such a terrible time getting good feedback on my game from non-english people .
as i said i am not trying to discriminate or say man all those non-english speakers are just a-holes ! ''
i 'm genuinely asking what your opinion on this is .
i ran the math on some other games and came up with very similar results .
it just seems like if a review is n't in english and the game is an english game there 's a much much higher chance it 'll be negative .
i get more positive reviews because the game being natively english my community is also english and my community is more willing to support me than a random guy on his own .
maybe steam is n't very clear about what early access really means and some of the countries are going into my game expecting something more completed ?
could the language barrier making them unable to really understand the help/tips/tutorials be limiting their fun ?
a lot of the giveaways/bundles i 've done in the past have been on english websites and people who get the game at a deep discount or free in a giveaway are much more willing to write a positive review as a thank you and much less willing to write a negative review for something they got for free/almost free .
anyways i 'd love to hear your thoughts on this ?
especially from the guys here who live in predominately non-english speaking countries .
anyone else getting this error message when starting up the launcher ?
i need help since i 've had gta 5 since the day it came out i ca n't play it properly .
every time there is an update i have to manually download the update files and put them into my gta folder .
but now when i try to do the update i get code 201 .
when i try to download the social club update manually from the rockstar website i get an nsis error whenever i open it .
note i have already tried re instaling the game and reinstalling windows .
i 'm trying to get into sns and was thinking should i get one of each element stay with teostra/brach/fatty or use relics with max raw .
and for elemental how large should element be compared to attack ?
should it be 700 dragon to 100 attack or 350 attack to 200 dragon ?
i know everyone is struggling with logging into the game .
hope everyone will be able to log in soon .
i use to be full dom in warhound pvp server .
i have a few questions in regards to coming back into the game .
2. if i do go into entity which side has the healthier population and active community ?
3. some of the names i secured during megaserver is now gone ?
we identified a bug that was causing the server outage .
so the last i visited zara i tried on a denim jacket and literally the large was still tight on me .
i 'm looking to pick up a bomber from them but i feel a medium might not fit me .
plugged in a joystick i had purchased a while back saitek x-52
went to go in the training missions and if i take my hands off the stick i have a slight roll to the right .
wondering how i can correct this besides just not taking my hands off the stick
i asked this question because my so and i had had a stupid fight the other night and i was still reeling from it .
thanks for making us feel less alone in our silliness .
well i still ca n't find it ... it 's somewhere in my mom 's home but i was one of the lucky guys getting a pick that richards threw to the audience at the end of the concert buenos aires voodoo lounge tour 1995 .
it went straight to my chest and nobody noticed otherwise it would have been a battle to get it from the floor .
it 's red tearing up all around because of its use and it says honky tonk man '' printed in silver .
i 'll be supporting clemson but i plan on wearing vt clothes we do have a game this weekend too .
i 've always believed that this is the proper college football etiquette but my clemson friends disagree .
this is a throwaway i just recently discovered this sub and i do n't want people to find out who i am .
i was a smart kid when i started school my parents were good at teaching me how to read and write by the time i started school .
i played with the other kids always tried to do my best in class and played a lot .
later my nmom developed a habit of yelling at me and hitting me when i got a very low score on a test .
i remember once the teacher said you had to put a dot after every sentence in a test after it was finished but i did n't .
i started hitting my had and i had to leave class to calm down because i did not wanted to go home after getting a bad grade .
i was not hyperactive i was just an average kid .
years passed like this and i started gaining weight and gradually stopped exercising and started playing on my pc .
after i found the internet it was the worst/best point .
i lack social skills i do n't like being in school i absolutely loved reading but i no ca n't read more than a few pages and i become tired and feel bad .
i realized i was abused my whole life last day .
my mother and i shouted at each other for minutes and i started crying .
after a minute or two i tougt she started crying too and she hugged me and told me i love you son . ''
and the moment after that i had a smile on my face ... until she said '' and now do what i told/tell you .
and it hit me life a hammer she just emotionally abused me just to make live my life as she wanted .
she always wanted me to lose weight and started making schedules and dragged me out of the house to run '' with her which probably made her feel better but humiliated me i ca n't run for even a minute .
she always wants my help with her pc and smart phone and just shouts until i go there even if i 'm on the toilet .
when someone upsets her and i 'm the only one home usually she just shouts at me and orders me to clean my room even if i just cleaned it .
when i got home today afternoon she rearranged my entire room and put my bed in the center like a prison cell/hospital room .
i just realized the woman who i loved my entire life and i had a mental breakdown when she announced like twice very year she will kill herself or me just used me and mentally abused me to control me .
i 'm sorry if my post is not good english is not first language
i have the typical short and sparse east asian lashes and i never liked applying mascara up until i started ab it 'd smudge everywhere curler would hurt my eyelids and eyelashes would n't stay curled .
well i bought the much-loved shu uemura eyelash curler but still the same problems except i finally found a mascara that worked for me non-ab from maybelline .
i randomly stumbled across this https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=ih0a6cq6opc video the other day since it 's a tutorial by by son park and i realized i 've been curling my lashes all wrong !
now i 'm really amazed at how curled they are 0_0 i might not even need to invest in an ab mascara !
i 'd take pics but i have n't fully mastered the art yet so the lashes look a little crinkly '' at times p
note eyelash curling begins at minute marker 2:48 subs say eyebrow curling '' though lol .
many of us know that there is likely a form of bias for russian vehicles .
this can be seen in battle ratings and the over all quality and performance of russian vehicles .
let me begin by saying i do not necessarily blame gaijin for this trespass .
the russian government has requested that video game companies produce games that are more favorable '' towards the russian military .
what this basically means for most games is a complete disregard for much of russian military history as they have done some messed up stuff .
companies that adhere to this likely receive a stipend or some form of compensation for their efforts .
in my opinion if there is in fact a bias toward ussr vehicles russia 's stupid make us look better '' policy is probably the cause .
we are just flies trapped in gaijin 's huge bad ass highly detailed beautiful slightly unbalanced web .
how do we make a statement if there 's even one to be made ?
gaijin continually denies there is any unbalance admitting it would be plain dumb so they will keep denying it as long as they can .
if in fact they are receiving some kind of stipend from the russian government they have no reason to stop as it might be part of the reason this game is free to play .
those are really the only 2 solutions i can think of .
the third option is to bunker down and teach ourselves to kill the russian bear .
i invite all of you to share your experiences defeating mother russia on the ground .
maybe we can put a thread together and educate the war thunder world on how to better handle the bias because i doubt its going anywhere soon .
i pretty much exclusively use us tanks because i like to torture myself for some reason .
i would love try the german tree for the tiger alone but i 'm jewish sooo ... ... anyhoo in wwii america focused more on tank production that they did performance as opposed to germany who favored shear performance over numbers .
this meant that bulky thick heavy armor was n't a possibility as it took too long to manufacture and was too expensive .
unless you are in a jumbo and are extremely lucky never approach any tank from the front .
even the m6a1 will get smashed from the front .
american tanks are all about speed and therefor are all about flanking .
if you gain flanking position on any tank you can kill it .
no tanks side armor at 0 degrees is going to withstand .
you will get penetration 99 of the time if you get hit an angle with 0 slope .
what i have noticed and seen when fighting russian tanks
most russian tanks have extremely sloped front armor but were not meant to be flanked .
most of their tank destroyers have no sloping side armor same with a handful of their mbts .
kv-2 king derp is the perfect example of why flanking in american tanks is pretty much mandatory .
that big stupid dumb head is impossible to penetrate from the front so do n't try .
when you have a shot from the side aim just behind its derp hose barrel that should do the trick .
these tanks do n't have very good armor and are easy kills if you get the first shot off but if you do n't and he 's facing you aim for the turret ring .
a direct hit between the hull and turret will render a critical hit almost every time .
do you have any advice about beating back the red wave ?
had 1 quest pending was only for 40 gold so i did n't do it that day .
now i log on to see i still only have yesterday 's should n't i have 2 do n't they stack ?
i hope you guys like my unison league rap ! ! !
i will be making more of these in the future i appreciate you checking it out ! !
im coming back to my inquisition playthrough still have to finish the regular campaign .
installed the descent and im checking it right now .
question i read somewhere that now you can change your outfit while in skyhold .
also while im here is there some kind of ng mode once you finish the story ?
this is pretty cool wish more consulting firms would offer this up as a 'benefit ' https theconsultantlounge.com/2015/09/pwc-to-help-employees-pay-back-student-loans
in her novel the fountainhed the main character is a strong individual who percieves the world as just a means to an end an end only he can perceive and do .
what i want to question is the validity of her objectivism .
i find it a plagiarize of nietzsche nihilism with a cynical world view added over it .
due to time zone differences i 'm from egypt i download wrestling shows from torrent sites .
when i downloaded last week 's raw and started watching it felt faster '' than usual .
i looked at media information '' with vlc and found out that it was 50 fps .
i like it as it 's smoother than 24 fps which is the format for most releases but it also feels a bit unrealistic .
what concepts or arguments have you come across in your philosophical pursuits that have changed the way you see or think about the world ?
i found a previous post https www.reddit.com/r/askphilosophy/comments/2nq2s6/which_philosophical_insight_has_impacted_you_so from 10 months ago asking a similar question which generated some great discussions but a lot of the the comments there took the form of general personal epiphanies without much context .
i 'm interested in the ideas where you found them and any other context you think might be relevant for them to have the effect on others that they did on you .
pcpartpicker part list http pcpartpicker.com/p/ggy6wz price breakdown by merchant http pcpartpicker.com/p/ggy6wz/by_merchant
update/remove the olympiacos stickied posts and add a pre match thead for utd on sunday ?
it 's a big game and it 's already friday thanks
i told my so i loved him for the first time a couple of days ago and he did n't say it back .
it 's not the worst thing in the world but damn it hurts .
i 'm still feeling pretty crushed but i wan na hear some stories .
pvx|400+|casual|skilled|vets since beta|friendly|jq|international|ready for hot/raids|no rep req|weekly gm|dungeon tours|msg or send mail to minuszerosc.6453 or kagemusha.9518 !
its been a couple months since this friend group has formed in college and this kid has always been an asshole .
theres about 7 of us who go a lot of places together and one of them is always killing my vibe .
when we are together but not in the group he treats me like an acquaintence .
i do my thing he does his and we talk sometimes .
however in a group he constantly fucks with me and tries to pyschoanalyze my decisions in a negative way .
see if he was my friend i wouldnt be mind being poked fun at cause its all in good fun .
however the thing is we are acquaintances and it needs to stop .
he goes so far sometimes as to piss me off which is really hard to do .
im thinking that when we are alone i will tell him straight up to not fuck with me because we are not friends just acquaintances and because of that hes just being a dick not busting my balls .
have you read the sidebar and rules http www.reddit.com/r/buildapc/wiki/rules ?
going to be used for gaming mostly play csgo and sc2 right now look forward to getting a pc that can handle newer stuff light graphic design and viewing media .
plan to have dual monitors and also running a cord to a 4k tv .
if gaming what kind of performance are you looking for ?
do n't wa n't to spend much more than 2500 .
post a draft of your potential build here specific parts please .
http www.reddit.com/r/buildapc/wiki/pcpp do n't ask to be spoonfed a build read the rules !
pcpartpicker part list http pcpartpicker.com/p/29lwq7 price breakdown by merchant http pcpartpicker.com/p/29lwq7/by_merchant
i will like to have uniformity of color and brands if i can help it .
it 's really fun to get to know your enemy team before you play them .
the half-time whether you use it for sportsmanship or raging or annoying has always been a characteristic and important part of the game .
and if you still ca n't stand it you always had the option to mute the enemy team
anyways since this is such a divisive issue i thought it 'd be helpful to see where the community in general stands
sorry for the saw '' movie quote but i really do want to play a game .
i am very easy to talk to open minded not judgemental in the slightest and know my way around the bedroom .
its officially fall in chicago and that means temps will be dropping .
with that sad news i would like to put a positive spin on things .
temps in illinois right now are in the 60s and maybe 70s .
so every say saturday we check the high temp in chicago from the same website like weather.com .
if the high was 76 then 76 would be paired with a body part .
and we have to send a pic to eachother of that body part before the next saturday .
whats fun is the temps are the spinner '' if you will and will randomly tell us what we have to do .
so we could make lower numbers equal more sexy body parts .
here is an example of the spinner '' we could use
30-34 mostly all of upper body can cover face but show nipples
the ranges above can be tweaked up or down or we can change the body parts .
also if we get the same one two weeks in a row we just have to take a different pic of the same body part but we get creative and make it unique .
obviously this is a mid to long term game so i dont expect to chat often with ya and i also wont quit before we get through em all .
im thinking a once a week email with some chatting here and there will work out great !
i will ask you to prove you are who you say you are up front .
and im also not too keen on showing my face ... ..right away .
im just a guy who likes to play sexy games with strangers .
hello everyone my english teacher had me write up a college essay .
i already had one written but oh well she wanted a different one .
any way i got a good score on the actual essay but apparently i had 22 to be '' verbs that she highlighted which dropped my score to a 32/50 .
i 'm looking at my essay and i 'm absolutely stumped on how to get rid of even half of these .
if anyone can help me out pm me so i can send you my essay .
it 's only 500 words so it should n't be too difficult if you know what you 're doing .
recently someone let me try some missouri morels sauteed and then on a pizza .
and it made me wonder why they were n't more common in stores .
why is it that every store caries the common button top mushroom and sometimes portabellas ?
what allows them to be farmed while everything else seems to be caught wild or grown only by amateur growers ?
what 's stopping them from being sold in every store ?
is there a database of it 's genetic code ?
i 'd like to try my hand at growing buttons portabellas and morels .
i 'm thinking of building a grid of small plots using plastic containers .
each using a slightly different mix of growth medium .
any comments on how you would set up such an experiment ?
i 'm looking to experiment with growing mushrooms and i 'm looking for sources of information .
about growing sources for scientific knowledge their genetics and what is stopping the industry from mass producing morels and other wild mushrooms .
i mean do i have to double tap everytime i want to run ?
sorry for the stupid question but i ca n't find an answer to this d
my fleet is stranded with only small maneuvering thrusters .
somehow i think getting the drive going again is n't going to end well .
this is going to sound dumb but anyone know what might be the best lay-up package to use for someone who does n't have inside scoring ?
i know it 's a stupid question but i want to at least have a chance to drive for gods sake on mycourt i missed a lay-up and i was just practicing !
i use steph curry but the 'scoop ' is very susceptible to being blocked i was thinking d. rose or maybe even j.wall ?
i am what a lot of people may consider a nice guy '' and today i actually stood up for myself !
i truly believe that my depression stems from my inability to set and maintain healthy boundaries with people and today i talked to someone who bothered me today looked him dead in the eyes and told him to go away .
afterwards i sat in my room and the rush of endorphin and sense of control i had when i did it was overwhelming .
i felt like my old self was coming out again .
now i do n't know if anyone is depressed because they are n't assertive like me but i have come to a revelation that maybe a lot of us are depressed because we do n't own up to what we are actually feeling ?
i know this is the case with me and try to run away from the actual problem through exercise and excessive working but the problem never really goes away .
for anybody who is having similar problems like me i challenge you to have your feelings validated whether it is through a friend or being more assertive or letting yourself feel vulnerable in a safe environment .
thanks for reading and i 'll update this if any other breakthroughs occur !
i feel that larp is best with more bodies .
i found crazy mass recently a supposedly 'legal steroid retailer ' that says this product is the buzz and lists reasons why competitors are flocking to buy it .
searching the internet for anything to throw doubt into these claims only reveals tonnes of super positive reviews from websites that have names made out of any word combination of healthy supplement life lifting pro bodybuilding etc ''
i ca n't find any discussions about it on reddit aside from some r/crazymass that the retailer themselves obviously threw together .
i post here because i think i may have stumbled upon a very convoluted web-marketing scam and i simply want to hear from normal people a no bullshit facts of what this product is .
note i am not posting on r/steroids because only authorized users can post there .
but if i ca n't find any answers here i 'll try asking the mods there for approval .
like the title says the anniversary stuff has been announced and now chaoscouncil needs daily players/mercs that can earn at least 120 of pve progression in order to be top 100 in pve !
and if the galactus event is anything like the ultron event we 'll need to have all cylinders firing in order to achieve our goals .
we use skype because xbox party is a headache .
was there an option to change servant 's appearances to their previous ascension appearances ?
just some servant 's i prefer their original appearance than their ascended appearances .
mainly i prefer the red kimono tamamo cat wears than her final ascension naked apron look .
i was searching ebay for tf lots and did a quick search for um-01 or ultimetal optimus prime http kotaku.com/arise-800-ultimetal-optimus-prime-1453739582 .
well the seller listed it at 100.00 for opening bid and also had a buy it now link .
for 100.00 http www.ebay.com/itm/transformers-artstorm-chogokin-ultimetal-metal-um-01-convoy-optimus-prime-usd999-/171954775516 ? hash=item28094da5dc nma=true si=opiv43t 252byfnjgtvv0n5qbvkvsz8 253d orig_cvip=true rt=nc trksid=p2047675.l2557 .
i 'm really hoping it was n't an accident and that it wo n't be cancelled though .
just curious and trying to get to know y'all a bit more ... ..i snort dope tar and have for the last 6-7 years but have always been curious about the ultimate high ... iv
i have had an ungodly fear of needles ever since i child and it causes a shitload of anxiety justhe readin some of y'all posts ... and i 'm curious how many of y'all were afraid of needles but then took the big plunge '' one day
either out of need or curiosity ... .how did you ending up shooting dope ?
i 've been doing ocm with hemp oil for a month and well my skin is gradually getting better with on and off days .
however starting this week i 'm noticing my skin on my face is getting very itchy throughout the day and i try very hard to avoid scratching it to avoid irritation .
i already ordered sebamed from the uk and am waiting for that .
hamas sponsors terrorism in israel and fire rockets at them .
this violates the sovereignty of israel and puts lives in danger therefore israel could protect its sovereignty and save people by dismantling hamas .
also by doing that israel no longer has to kill civilians used as human shields by hamas so israel will be able to not commit any humanitarian crimes anymore .
if a criminal threaten lives should n't you put the criminal in jail ?
if a country does not respect another 's sovereignty does the other have to respect theirs ?
looking for up to two more peeps with a charged agonarch rune to join me .
i 'm about to head to the dreadnaught to start the event .
it was sitting in my lap while i had an rda on the kbox mini .
forgot it was there and when i got up it hit the ground just right .
i used some tweezers to remove the glass around it .
the metal bracing is pretty much intact with the exception of a small scratch from the glass .
for the subox mini https vaporhq.com/media/catalog/product/cache/1/image/512x512/9df78eab33525d08d6e5fb8d27136e95/k/a/kanger-sub-box-mini-tank-black.jpg not the subtank mini https cdn.shopify.com/s/files/1/0400/6105/products/kanger-subtank-mini-clearomizer-03.jpg ? v=1436205934 variety of tank .
i found plenty of places to buy a replacement for the latter .
i always thought the glass did n't come off but then i never really tried to remove it .
like the title says i 've decided to go back into a treatment program specifically to deal with self harm .
i made the decision today after putting it off for nearly a month but i feel miserable .
i know i need to go and get help i know i need to stop cutting but i do n't want to do it .
at the same time i 'm sick of all the scars and hospital visits and lying lying lying about how i 'm just so clumsy ! ''
i 've crossed lines i said i never would because of self harm and i hate that too .
i dunno i guess i just could use some support in encouraging me to go and that it is the right thing to seek out help .
i 've gotten so turned around with this that i almost feel i do n't want to get better .
so i do n't usually play rank games because i hate it when teammates leave .
at least in non-rank games i get a bot to assist .
even after the update was released to punish those who quit in the middle of a match i still refrained because i did n't truly believe it would stop people from quitting .
this was confirmed last night when i gave rank games a try again .
in back-to-back games i had teammates go afk '' which subsequently booted them off the game .
cuz i think this is a huge loop-hole in rank games .
going afk should warrant an even longer match-making ban .
having said all this screw you guys who went afk on me .
1vs3 was not what i was looking forward to .
is there a known release date for wave 2 of the black series action figures ?
i ask because i 'm terrible at maths mental arithmetic is a challenge and i was in the slow stream in high school so i never learned calculus or anything but all personality tests point to my being logical and methodical .
in all other areas academically i have succeeded including the arts .
i 'm an architect which is like my ideal job since i can design and solve problems with logic .
yet it seems that logic and skill in maths go hand-in-hand .
for some this may be the last safe month to trade succulents so trade as much as you can !
you can see september 's trade thread here https www.reddit.com/r/succulents/comments/3j9iv0/monthly_trade_thread_september .
there is also a handy link in the sidebar !
if you have sent a plant and not heard from your sender message the mods and we will take care of it .
anyone found to be scamming will be banned from the sub .
there is a list of sister subreddits in the sidebar should you want trade other plants .
its nice to know what you 're getting if you have never grown one before .
share your potting mediums and watering guides to help your receiver grow successfully !
do show us some photos of what you got !
have a quick check to see if there is a risk of frost overnight before sending the parcel .
this http www.theamateursdigest.com/plntmail.htm website gives some good tips of packaging succulents for shipping .
i 've had people send me plants in egg cartons before .
if you have nothing to trade but would like some plants people are often happy to send you plants for money or just the cost of postage and packaging .
it 's 3 am and in 9 hours i 'm going to powells world of books in portland .
i want to start this series but there are a lot of story lines so i 'm curious which is the actual first one that i should start .
was disappointed it droped for me until i looked at the new perks added in year 2 .
you can select between more special drops or more heavy drops .
... or even make more absurd demands for them to have to jump through
methods i use paypal only prices are more expensive if you choose to pay in giftcards .
if you clicked a link to this page please make sure that you 're on the real r/mcsrep .
double check the username that linked you and make sure it matches the username of this rep thread exactly and is n't just similar .
note that just because you 're reading this does n't mean a scammer did n't include this note in their fake profile to trick you into a false sense of security .
always double check and do n't get tricked or scammed !
just here to sell coins and find some buyers for a reliable trusted coin seller .
so i 've been thinking for a while about how much the top 4 battle has changed since city and chelsea got their money .
so what i 've done is look back since the pl began what our league position was at the end of the season and what our league position would have been if city and chelsea had their money since the start of the pl .
since roman 's takeover chelsea have averaged 82 points per season and city have been averaging 81 since their investment .
over the past 23 years our average finishing position is 4.6 '' .
with 10 out of 23 seasons finishing outside the top 4 .
after adjustments for chelsea and city money our average finishing position would have been 5.7 '' with 18 out of 23 seasons finishing outside the top 4 .
i have no experience with oil/wax but my birthday is coming up and i think i 'll pick up my first vape .
i 've used my friend 's arizer solo a few times and enjoyed the feeling of vaping over smoking .
as far as i can tell this one ca n't handle extract i 'd like a vape that handles oil/wax both for discreteness and tighter titration .
which tends to be more available has a greater variety of options ?
is it worth looking into systems that can handle both ?
i often use high cbd weed for its anti-psychotomimetic effects .
i know cbd is released at a higher temperature than thc so i 'd like a vape capable of producing this kind of heat .
do you have any recommendations for an easy-to-use easy-to-clean sub 100 vape ?
after reading a few reviews the puffco looks pretty sweet .
if it matters i live in california and have a medical license which i currently use to get bud for smoking .
i levelled my summoning skill i am now level 18 .
by levelling up my summoning skill i achieved at least level 18 in all skills .
by levelling up my summoning skill i achieved at least level 17 in all skills .
does this indicate that more people have left the game since may 2014 than have gotten legend since then ?
or does this indicate that the game has grown so much that more people have grinded to legend than there were players laddering in may 2014 ?
does this simply indicate that player preferences are more in favor of newer cardbacks ?
how many people have the legend cardback and do not use it ?
i think it 's a combination of 2 and 4 .
which is kind of strange now that you think of it the red pandaria cardback has become more of a status symbol than the legend cardback .
one says hey i played fotm deck for 400 games one month one time ! ''
and the the other says hey i 've been around since beta . ''
i 'm looking to get to know someone on a personal level i like talking about anything and everything .
i 'm a looking for a friend and possibly a fwb but i think its important that we connect for that sort of thing .
if it turns into something more then that would awesome as well .
well send me a pm if you 're interested in talking to someone about anything random !
i levelled my summoning skill i am now level 18 .
looking for players to join a new club do n't mind about the rating add me and message me higgzy i 1 i
i 'm looking for a story where a guy has a girlfriend and this girlfriend has a slave .
the slave is in permanent chastity and the guy thinks she is female .
he fucks her regulary in the ass but wants to take her pussy .
so he begs his girlfriend to let him fuck her .
it turns out the slave is a feminized male and now it 's his turn to become the slave .
did they at least wait until the bodies were room temperature ?
woulda been a lot cooler if you said you did n't .
it 's a very short walk to the bobcat stadium bus stop and an 8 or 10 minute bike ride to campus i am waiting until it cools down .
it 's quiet across the street from heb but they only have 1 bedrooms .
from the source code it appears they are using c3.js http c3js.org for the interactive chart ...
it goes by seed not record and division winners have higher seeds .
your internal ssd uses a different interface to communicate with your macbook .
i 'm not sure what interface it is from the picture but it looks like some sort of mini pcie .
i have an ssd in my laptop too and it is connected through the sata interface .
if mini pcie is anything like sata then it is way faster than usb 3.0 .
my best usb 3.0 drive only transfers at 100mb/s average .
speeds vary depending on how big the flash drive is .
mine gets 50mb/s write and 120mb/s read through the usb 3.0 port on my laptop .
i do n't add '' it to my library i just stream it .
for some reason the act of listening to streamed tracks on apple music also adds '' it to my library which i do n't want .
ah okay that 's definitely not something i 've seen before .
would you consider self-cannibalization if stranded on an island with no other food source ?
also the bulgarians also did backoff for triples at 80 too right ?
i noticed the ratios but what bw and lifts we talking about .
also if you are doing all the sleep and eating all the food that helps a lot .
i was wondering why everyone was complaining so much because i did n't feel like anything had changed .
me and tyrion are separated by about 1500 missing dust .
i dont have many important legendaries so i settled to crafting the neutral ones first .
but i really love playing pally so it might be the time to craft him .
i have to rely on draw while face decks dont .
i played several games against druid too and i 'm really missing a way to kill the darnassus aspirant turn 2 if i dont have a minion on the board .
i dont know for now the number of matches might be too low .
but i might need to settle for hybrid hunter first to power through the lower ranks .
here have the 1.4.7 gt as a 1.7.10 mod p
i know because i was practically enraged while watching that travesty of a gop debate .
and ben carson the neurosurgeon refused to correct him .
do veigar and morg exist on the taiwan server ?
it 's like they had never even seen the champions before .
yeah man i had a small bet on hr glad it panned out for you too since yours was an actual amount !
but the truth is that the game is n't exactly growing in any way other than dev pushing contents out .
no offense but unless you find anyway to do this this is just going to be endless cycle of hype into 1 week rapid decline and a new hype
your submission has been automatically removed for the following reason s
your submission violates rule 1 no videos uploaded to youtube in the past 5 months are allowed .
if you believe your submission has been removed in error message the moderators http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fdeepintoyoutube as replies to this comment or pm 's to u/deepmodbot will not be read by the moderators .
i went into that sell low thread and tried to say that but i was down voted so i just stopped trying to convince people that forsett was a consensus 2nd round fantasy pick for a reason .
the ravens can block for him he gets a 60 split at the minimum and tonight he played all but coming out for breathers .
he played passing downs and blocked he played third downs he played in the redzone and he played well against a pretty good run d. he could be a dud but i think you made a good decision .
the invasion pep talk by vince https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=i-dyt34lygc makes me laugh everytime .
i do n't know how the guys managed to not break character .
because i 'd be the rickest rick there is .
well yeah the whole post process and getting through the bios and such but once the board posts its up to the drive to load the os
i 'm on my phone or i 'd try and help .
but basically what you 're looking for is a bunch of pictures with guys who shot themselves in the leg while drawing due to blackhawks release button system thing
that guy sounds like he 's perpetually playing hide and go seek and about to be discovered .
the subclasses are fairly balanced with the exception of sunbreaker and striker the former making the latter obsolete .
it has an aoe golden gun with more shots stronger damage reduction than any other class and health regeneration upon kill .
its essentially a bladedancer with hungering blade that has even more armor using a golden gun that has even more shots which can hit in an aoe .
high impact sniper rifles have been shown to one shot any class in the head regardless of super except for sunbreakers with fairly good armor .
try mayhem clash to see how sunbreaker supers are like virtually any class gets one shot by them .
it generally takes 2 golden gun shots to take one out 2-3 hits by a bladedancer with a stormcaller having virtually no chance if they are going heads up not to mention is also outclassed on range .
only a striker and a voidwalker can take them out with their own supers and strikers generally die before getting close unless you have death from above .
honestly i just shower dry it with a towel a bit until mostly dry and put some old spice 'unruly paste ' in it pushing it at a diagonal angle upwards .
some days i can go with just pushing it up with my hand and not using product and it 'll stay for the most part .
a friend on mine caught a bad case of bios .
anyway it certainly has been left ambiguous thus far .
there is only one nation state that is christian and that is the vatican .
no game has captured me as much as eq did .
every game that i 've played after vanilla wow was not the same .
you dont have these tight knit communities anymore even in guilds that you join .
in gw2 you can join like 4-5 guilds at one time ?
people dont play the same game for 10 years anymore .
the store is facilitating ebt fraud by ringing up the items as food items .
as seen on hltv http www.hltv.org/match/2298373-complexity-enemy-esl-esea-pro-league-season-2 this match has been rescheduled and will be continued from the 6-9 scoreline https play.esea.net/index.php ? s=stats d=match id=5407685 favoring nme at which it left off .
this was a result of the update and further issues with the server that they were playing on .
according to semphis ' https twitter.com/col_semphis/status/649762780510208000 and relyks ' https twitter.com/relyksog/status/649766485779464192 twitters and now by autimatic the match will be continued next wednesday october 7th at 9 est although this is not confirmed by esea or hltv .
if a match has been postponed once it has started for more than 80 hours the bet will be closed and the items will then be returned to their owners regardless of the score .
however if a match that has started has been postponed for less than 80 hours the bet may be locked until the match has finished .
if the match is then postponed again to past the initial 80 hour threshold the items will be returned .
if the match is postponed for less than 80 hours and then postponed again once it has started again the items may be locked for up to another 80 hours . ''
this means that if the match is not resumed by at latest about 4 a.m monday october 5th pacific standard time skins will be returned .
however skins will be locked into the bet until csgl understands that it has been postponed passed that point and you will not be able to access them .
tldr because of csgl rules and as the match will most likely be resumed next wednesday bets will be canceled and returned but not until csgl realizes the match has been postponed beyond the 80 hours .
edit according to csgl the reschedule is to today specifically 10/2 at 2:00 cest this is not true .
not only do the tweets say wednesday the 7th but i have confirmed it personally with col autimatic since seeing the update to csgl .
however autimatic also added that it may be earlier because one of the players has a lan that same day though esea at least tentatively confirmed wednesday the 7th as the date .
nicotine is a real addictive drug a very addictive one .
i do n't know of any ways to curb it man sorry why cant you buy any ?
what does that have to do with my race ?
i chose my username because i am active on the kratom subreddits and in advocacy for keeping it legal .
when you 're a 13 year old outcast you wind up being so edgy that you 're devoid of empathy .
you 're just a fucking retard trying to out edge everyone because life is so hard and gym class is demanding .
compared to all the fossil fuel burning we do smoking is n't a big concern .
i was against nye saying something becomes human '' and support the view that conception does create the human .
are the maths the premium gold or the dragons of legend ones ?
a year ago he confessed that he was attracted to me guy by the way tried to kiss me .
he said i was the one confused about things .
i tried to repair things by hanging out again a few weeks later but he brought it up again after subtle remarks here and there .
if he could n't be happy with my decision then he can find someone else .
thanks so much for the follow-up post i 've been wondering how this would turn out .
i wouldnt recommend a 75 crew for tanks below tier 4
yes it sucks but how much does it take to unlock the next tank ?
as someone who works for an electric cooperative can confirm critters cause more power outages and fires than anything else
ok thanks ya i plan on keeping it so wont need the box .
wasnt sure though since this is my first rebate .
it 's like early 2000 's hipster kids had bandanas in their back pockets .
except it was also a gay code back in the day .
the pocket told if you were giver or receiver and then the color/pattern of bandana told what type of sex you liked .
you have no idea how the political process works do you ?
sorry but what do you mean by left stick on top of my name ?
but they 're moving to san francisco in a few years .
edit i guess i got downvoted because i 'm lying or misinformed ?
http i.imgur.com/6z9zhns.jpg or maybe i just got downvoted by salty ass raiders fans .
if we 're going what you 're known for though it 's beating michigan and it will always be beating michigan .
and the rest of the country is eternally grateful .
got one first try its got 3 max ivs in def sdef and spd .
the reason i ask is because she is very aggressive and rude verbally and in mannerism especially around people she dislikes and i was afraid i would have to hide in my own home to avoid her .
and thank you for the advice i appreciate it !
the only thing bad about the titan 's gear for vog was that ugly vex helmet thing .
i just did n't like it at all other than that it was fresh af
she kinda knows but does n't really know how much i mean it to an extent .
i mean honestly my whole dynamic could change in two years and the break up happened for the right reasons even if i hate it for the next year .
but i can literally see us not talking for 5 years being in the same location and me just texting her hey wan na grab dinner '' and we would probably just pick up right where things left off .
she is a special person for sure in that she just can go with the flow and just actually cares like deep down .
i like to think i can give fucks but not to the level she does and it is just so warming and attractive it is incredible .
most people are fascinating for a bit and then you realize they are kinda shitty in some areas like myself .
but with her any complaints i ever brought up were trivial in the first place and she had the kindness to work on being better on them for me ?
why do i deserve that i do n't at all and she just does it ahhhh
i was just messaging her and she said to stop or she would start crying so i am ranting here .
i told her i would get her a poster that just says bawl is life . ''
what i mean is that at least her health and care insurance is there to pay for everything she needs so she does n't go bankrupt or lack care .
as opposed to if she did n't have it and would be screwed because i do n't have lots of money to pay .
they kept getting chances then pissed them away had multiple drives at the end of the game where they just score a td and they win .
steelers go for it on 4th and fail and they promptly punt it away .
i think our guys can handle the blitzes better than the ravens did .
except the difference is you are picturing yourself wanting it and this person did n't want it .
think of any single one older woman that you would n't have wanted to fuck when you were 13 .
now picture how you would feel about it at that point .
mark ingram has been the only bright spot so far .
he deserves at the very least a half chub .
http m.imgur.com/jvznjvg my collab between yunk and salt two artists from texas
josh scobee complete 70 of non-blocked field goal from opponent 30-35 while michael vick convert 60.4 of 3rd or 4th down 2 to go situation .
it was 4th and 1 from the 33 not 4th and 2 .
le'veon vell converts 78.6 of 1-yard-to-go situations http pfref.com/tiny/vnzkf .
josh scobee complete 65 of non-blocked field goal from opponent 35-40
a field goal from the 35-37 is very different than a field goal from the 39 .
in the link you provided scobee made 13-19 of the former and 0-2 of the latter .
in the last ten years field goals from the 35-37 have been made at a 60.6 clip http pfref.com/tiny/4vzmj versus 46.3 from the 38-40 http pfref.com/tiny/zw4mm .
shire of fyfe also they have a shire president not a mayor .
i 'd rather visit fyfe than lake grace tbh ...
lol some of you guys need to get laid ! ! !
personally i 'd rather be born with some small defects than shredded apart with tweezers while i 'm still a fetus
if you lose to msu they can lose to us and still make the b1g title game .
we saw the emphasis put on conference championships last year for the playoffs .
if you 're at home while other teams are playing for conference titles you would need other teams to all lose 2 games .
plus if the b1g champion comes from the west then anyone from the east will most likely not make the playoffs .
also you 're making a lot of assumptions about how good or bad a win or loss to either michigan schools will mean for your resume especially since we have n't even started conference play .
if you 're so sure you guys will drop a game then it 's entirely possible that you lose two games .
edit your timing of losing to msu will hurt a lot more compared to losing to virginia tech last year .
i think i 'm gon na name him shrooms .
i think blood moon would be fine in a standard with fetches .
or you could just do cl_drawhud 0 so you dont to fix your crosshair .
i 'm so close to completing the packers set but this guy ... ugh .
i 'm feeling this too and missing the unconditional love .
they helped raise me and have recently left and i think of them daily .
i dont wan na just give up on hoch but hes been pretty hit and miss all year
i did n't mind the squid but what got me is that after all that shit that daniel and laurie decide to have sex right there in veidt 's fight area after all this crap for no apparent reason .
it made no sense and i thought the movie with daniel seeing rorschach die was a way better thing to do for the story .
you 're doing good work i wish i could be so dedicated !
that is a client bug if you actually check your slayer helm it will register on the client .
it 's the kids who want to be hip '' .
seems really intuitive to schedule two games at the same stadium at the same time http imgur.com/upor3xb
my wife drive 's a tesla because she does it for her ''
yeah so the new nam has it hitting georgia .
i 'm not sure if gilding you makes me a sadist or a masochist .
well i did n't let her ghost me since since she did n't ever commit to a time so naturally i had to ask .
she gave me the ole ca n't do it that day after all '' so i just left the ball in her court and called it done in my book .
still she dropped what i guess is a pretty blunt not interested '' for a lady and i had the sense about me to pick it up and accept it with grace .
i will allow this poet of our generation to guide my thoughts and acts in this coming weekend .
oh hey have a very big problem of a virus on my computer that has access to all of my important files better deal with that in a few weeks or so ''
i am looking for some marketing hr based internships .
my interest is in teaching but i do n't have official credentials for that yet
you could give op the most ridiculous optimized character .
and he would find a way to make it fun instead of annoying
grand theft auto vice city iv san andreas v ... all of the sequels are much better than 1 and 2 imo .
moved here only for school and will leave as soon as i get a job .
it looks like they took a soft top off a cadillac http www.topshop-mn.com/files/images/mainpage1 5b1 5d.jpg and glued it on an accord
it was a kidney shot at full speed with a helmet .
he was up and running and twisting so i think at worst it 's a bruised rib or two but even that seems unlikely .
gon na be a hell of a bruise though .
i dont think your opinions will have much bearing on your ratings .
that depends on if you voice your opinions or not .
he 's crucial actually our only young striker on deck .
ca n't let myself put in more work than the authors did
more work than authors pretty much describes any analysis of the storyline at all .
though to be fair she is n't actually cuckolding him more just 'ehhh you 're second place ' which i think is legitimately worse but whatever .
but noire 's father 's whole support is about him acting better/more protective than her 'real ' father which i find really interesting especially since poor writing rant incoming tharja and noire have no narrative explanation for how they were with the shephards in lucina 's universe since tharja was recruited by chance during the second attempt on emmeryn 's life that did n't even exist in the unaltered storyline .
same goes for nowi and nah come to think of it though that 's neither here nor there .
which may also explain why tharja was so much more straight up means-to-an-end in noire 's 'past ' since she was probably a lot more brutal having stayed in the plegian military until everything went bad .
damn because no goals in third i did n't win the bet .
i think i would also take the one year space challenge .
i mean ten years doing the same exact boring mind numbing job ... no thanks
im in the same situation not even mad hopefully gordon puts up .
it has been a very unpredictable start to the season .
aguero/hazard have n't done shit and sanchez was only worth his price last round .
to be fair that can change and i am reluctant to drop aguero or use my wc now since i 'm not in deep trouble and aguero has decent fixtures upcoming .
i 'm leaning towards riding it out and seeing if my squad performs specifically aguero .
i still hope allison road gets completed so we can see either ah or fh perhaps even both ?
some people think guns are harmful by virtue of existing .
i do n't let friends or family watch my kids if they have guns in their house .
the existence of the gun regardless of how secure it is puts my children in harms way .
my first thought for favorite character is one i 've put in a situation where she 'll be getting a semblance and i do n't know what it will be yet want to spoil it .
my recent analysis of semblances https www.reddit.com/r/rwby/comments/3n5o9m/semblances_and_personality_or_semblance_dissonance suggests that semblances are related to a prominent superficial aspect of one 's personality i have a vague metaphysical theory of how that works which i might post if i can tie enough factors to it .
if this is true ... the most prominent of her more superficial characteristics would be her tenacity and aggression .
my first thought is something like the inverse of yang 's semblance when she gets hit she charges a sort of reactive-armor shell which can be used for offense if you try but is mostly useful to prevent additional attacks .
i 'd put it on neither hence my use of desperate ''
i wish this was 100 true as an atheist but i think it 's only half true .
most of the founders wanted separation between state and church '' where church did n't mean religion in general but specific religious institutions .
they did't want the government in bed with the protestant church or the pope etc .
but god '' and references to the bible appear everywhere .
they had no problem with religious morality being a major driving force in say the bill of rights .
vick is going to have to run to keep this drive alive if we want to win
schiavone and ventura on commentary ... which is weird to me because i 've been watching wcw in order and i 'm at 94 ... with tony jesse on commentary .
curtain jerker is hart foundation vs brain busters and it 's a killer match
it 's actually a little floating droid reminiscent of the much larger probe droids . ''
you can see it floating in the middle of this concept art http cdn.fansided.com/wp-content/blogs.dir/319/files/2015/09/inquisiot-s2.jpg
is n't he good in smash 4 and project m the hack turned mod ?
i am not really sure lol all we can do is hope
other streamers made up a tiny fraction ... maybe 50k tops .
you are the guy that ca n't grow good facial hair yet you grow out that shitty seventh grade mexican mustache to prove to people you are masculine just because your self esteem is that low .
if you hate this ignore it you have lost a lot of weight and done a great job !
what if you were to take 6 months to go on maintenance and let your body stabilize ?
the reason i mention this is that you really deserve to look and feel good in your new size .
that can be hard to do if you 're only buying temporary '' clothes for a long time .
if you were to go on maintenance for a season and set a reasonable budget for well-fitting clothes you might really enjoy it .
i am losing weight 11 pounds down about 57 to go and i shop almost exclusively thrift and consignment .
this way i get good-quality clothing without breaking the bank and i can look and feel good while i 'm still on the way down the scale .
anyway good work and good luck with the clothing !
and you will always will be a worthless peon !
turns to dr. kelso who was standing with his back to ted reading a chart sir you know my band ?
well chris from shipping and receiving wants to go solo .
the gatling gun was n't in existence until the 1860 's .
just so you know machine guns are pretty hard to get a hold of .
first off they have to be pre 1986 secondly money .
i 've shot rifles for as long as i can remember .
i even shot competitively for 6-7 years through our local 4-h and in high school jrotc .
the only things i have shot include targets mice and other rodents that cause problems cans and old computer parts .
my father and i can no longer afford to shoot .
it 's too expensive on the people that want to shoot for recreation .
but can something not have more than one intended purpose ?
guns have put food on my family 's table deer dove squirrel .
helped my dad and i bond over something common .
helped protect the feed for our small flock of chickens and our house from would be intruders mice .
my mom once had to pull a gun on a guy trying to break into our house before my parent 's separated .
i do n't remember it as i was still a toddler but she put the gun to the glass where he was and told him to leave before he wo n't be able to .
i 'm not saying everyone should have a gun .
there does n't need to be more gun laws there needs to be better gun laws .
i 'm not the person to make those laws .
i honestly do n't know exactly what needs to be done .
what i do know is that something that i hold very dear to me could be in danger .
this is not a lifestyle i want to see disappear as it has brought me so much joy .
i hope to one day be able to share that feeling with my son or daughter .
no one needs a machine gun but some may want one .
shooting can give you an adrenaline rush like a roller coaster .
get used to the same ride after riding it thousands of times you look for the bigger one maybe this one has a steeper drop or more loops .
some people go for higher caliber guns .50 cals and such or faster firing guns machine guns .
yeah i had a really good listen to this album and it is beyond words .
i immediately listened to pretty much everything he 's been involved with all over again as well .
winters was last called up in january 2013 when sermanni first took over but she did n't stick beyond that first camp .
companies are very careful nowadays to prevent genericide of their trademarks and they do this by zealously defending them at every opportunity such that people are forced to think of and use those names as products of those companies rather than generic labels of function .
i 've rolled in every 3k godfest since i started playing and i still have 0 sun quan d
no he took over for gotg and basically ignored the whole dna run .
star-lord is not the battle hardened vet anymore he kept trying to shoe-horn in earth based characters and his run never really went anywhere .
worst of all he completely retconed the whole ending to the thanos imperative '' and did away with all the sacrifices that gave that series weight .
its not the worst series ever but as a follow up to the dna cosmic run it is a huge let down .
hmmm ... i find i slightly bight/lick my lips when i 'm really tooted up ... i have just programmed myself to acknowledge it as sign that i 'm good and do n't need another line ... saves me money and puts the tick in a positive light so i do n't obsess over it .
always try to flip things to a positive light since the dopamine release reinforces behavior .
best advice i can give is acknowledge it as part of the experience rather than viewing it as a side effect ''
you are awesome do n't let something that other people probably do n't even notice get in the way of that .
if we want our opinions to matter then we should get good means that if we really wanted our opinions to be validated we should go about the other method which is to hold an earned status of expertise in this case being a pro .
and going back to what i said that sounds like an unreasonable standard .
also to mention that top players do n't even create the rules .
what you 're telling me is that for tos knowledge does n't matter as much as skill .
as for the doctor analogy replace skill with knowledge then i 'll agree .
there are people who are highly knowledgeable but not exactly pros and they can still make a difference .
you are too dead set comparing knowledge with skill which is n't unreasonable but should n't also be the norm .
yep it 's there now and the great minds of sps have given his birther free dumb 5 up licks .
the leading mind of the gop thinks the president should be impeached for signing legislation passed by the gop congress .
yeah see i agree with it from a marketing perspective but in terms of keeping it all in-universe and not breaking the immersion it would feel weird imo .
i 'd still buy them if they were paid dlc because this game is excellent .
damn and to think i just bought my pair of old '' slingshot knee sleeves a month ago i kept seeing them use these sleeves in their videos and liked this look better ... damn the luck .
i 'm pretty sure i said that it was common not found with everyone of them .
i know the pain of such projects going down the drain .
that is why i tried to minimise work at first and make something i use as i already wrote those articles just handed them out as pdfs before .
i use a google calendar with a list of links to top10 page for all the trackers i 'm on .
once i wiki i get a reminder to visit them and by looking at top 10 for the last week i 'm also sure not to miss anything .
if you like it so far it 's all about getting used to the mouse..
if you in a few days can feel that it 's odd in your hand just keep practicing !
getting used to a mouse is what really matters the most !
cpu and their damn cooler is fucking intense every time .
every child in the world and i guarantee you all of them have looked up at the sky and wondered what it 's like up there at least once .
maybe you could repeat the tests i did check the beamdog forum link in the op ?
since it sounds like you do n't want to go with specific slating sigils it depends on who you run with .
strength can be good in pugs for the extra might that you 're often missing .
frailty can be good if you 're not hitting vuln cap but it seems that most groups are .
accuracy is good if you 're not getting proper fury uptime or do n't have banners .
bloodlust is decent if you 're good at staying up however many instances will be finished before you can even charge it .
they push out a patch that they 've been told is completely fucked .
he 's still fucking chinese you fucking inbred he looks chinese he speaks chinese he grew up in a chinese household .
all the google maps related tweaks i could find on flex .
much like a broken clock being right twice a day this is the same situation .
it 's worth noting they also claimed that this episode would end in a smile .
in short your leaker '' is just a troll making educated guesses at best .
it makes a difference for games not for watching movies/listening to music .
it 's like a neutral stack that ca n't be stolen
i think australia with best england with a bonus point and then do the same to wales only with a higher scoreline .
but strong combos good tactics will beat good tactics with a poorly designed fleet .
with wave-2 i 'd replace the acm with proton torpedoes .
ackbar 4-assault frigates all with gunnery teams and enhanced armament .
the point of good tactics is to concentrate more fire on the enemy than they can shoot back .
dodanna i 've doubts about the high points cost of the mc30 .
and 4-hull is pitiful for such an expensive ship .
but might be worth trying 5-mc30 's with proton torpedoes ordnance experts .
the other common build '' is to exploit moving last in one round first in the next .
that requires having at least one more ship than your opponent .
6-cr90 's with wave-2 we might see 4-raiders an isd .
a double move by an isd will be lethal .
this tactic is part of the reason squadrons rarely see play .
if you have 1/3 of your points in squadrons you just handed your opponent the advantage of last move .
more like pc developers will be moving to consoles because they do n't want to deal with people asking money back and having to pay more in the legal department because someone could n't run the game on a toaster oven .
a major studio attached and an insane marketing budget ?
i 'd say rocket league has a fairly good shot at being one of my games of the year but i suppose i should take it off my list if it 's not a real '' game .
this community has such a stupid blanket hate for indie games that it 's sickening .
there are a lot of bad games released by major publishers too .
dismissing all indie games as not real '' closes you off from some amazing gaming experiences like rogue legacy shovel knight rocket league bastion transistor ... .
then he is a tard it 's extremely dangerous region it 's like he 's begging for his death .
point guard also known as the 1 '' these are the shortest guys on the court .
their jobs are to make plays pass the ball and be the leader of each offensive movement .
they 're the guys who get the ball as it 's passed in from out of bounds or after a shot .
when they do shoot it 's often from the outside but some can drive closer to the basket note that in recent times the 3 point shot has become much more popular among point guards .
some examples of point guards include steph curry chris paul damian lillard steve nash and russel westbrook .
shooting guard also known as the 2 '' these guys are the second shortest in height but often these players share their positions with either the point guard or small forward positions which is why you might see a point guard with pg|sg in their name .
these guys are the main shooters in the game and plays will often focus on them .
generally the two guards will stay on the outside most of the time around the 3 point line .
shooting guards are also often secondary passers to the point guard to make plays between multiple teammates .
some examples of shooting guards include michael jordan james harden kobe bryant bradley beal and klay thompson .
small forward also known as the 3 '' these guys are smack in the middle of height but are often a bit larger compared to the guards see the pattern in number-to-height ? .
small forwards are the most versatile of the positions and often cover the duties of the guards and big men .
small forwards often share the main scoring focus with the shooting guards and the difference is often determined just by the player 's skill .
small forwards are most often placed on the outside or in the mid range when making plays .
when playing as a small forward expect to do a bit of everything .
some example of small forwards include lebron james kevin durant carmelo anthony rudy gay and larry bird .
power forward also known as the 4 '' these guys are the second largest on the court .
they are also one of the two big men '' positions .
they 're the ones often in the mid-range but some like to hang by the basket right outside the key painted area .
power forwards are often used for midrange to inside shots and supporters to the centers .
power forwards often post up when making inside shots which i will explain further in the centers section .
some examples of power forwards include tim duncan dirk nowitzki lamarcus aldridge blake griffin and charles barkley .
center also known as the 5 '' these are the biggest men on the court and almost exclusively play on the inside and in the key note that they are n't allowed to stay in for over 3 seconds or else it 's a foul .
centers are the main rebounders on offense and defense as well as the main shot blockers .
these are the guys who post up the most often along with power forwards .
this is when they move into the key aka paint '' with their backs against the defender to force themselves closer to the basket .
i 'll explain how to do this in game in my next response .
depending on their skill some teams may revolve around getting the ball inside and often ending with a center .
some examples of centers include demarcus cousins dwight howard marc gasol shaq and hakeem the dream .
one of the biggest notes i do want to make however is that any positions can score points .
if you ever find yourself wide open or if you have a very good shooting skill then you should try to score no matter what position you 're in .
tbf hes the only f1 driver who does actual public endorsements and shit .
the others do n't want or earn as much as him
what i do when it comes to inputting dps those f d d+f combinations on kb is
2 immediately smash down and forward with two fingers simultaneously while making sure your middle finger goes first and not well actually at the same time as your index finger not hard since it 's normally longer
make z move '' is classical suggestion for dps on analogue devices but some people find it easier to think of it as of doing forward then quarter circle forward '' obviously hitting attack button earlier than you would with qcf move .
if you do n't mind shelling out a bit more i 'd recommend these https www.gymco.com.au/client/index.php ? p=162 .
i have a set and can get 52.5kg onto each bar 5x5kg plates on each end which should be enough for a while .
do n't worry you wo n't have to deal with it much longer .
i think something popped up below the water that gave the dolphin concern .
it 's amazing how quickly things can get on top of you .
i was having a minor in the scheme of things problem getting out of a shared lease and i was losing my shit .
i called shelter a housing assistance charity and they helped me with my issue and helped calm me down .
having someone to hold your hand when things are going south can be all you need to get things moving in the right direction again .
some people ca n't spot a joke if their lives depended on it .
rifle is overlapping the white border the gun is facing the wrong way .
eventually it was to the point where we 'd tell her to meet us at 9pm if the rest of us wanted to hang out at 10:30 .
she figured out we were doing that though so she figured oh cool i have even more time to be fashionably late . ''
she was a hot chick though so i 'm sure she found another group of friends to put up with her shit .
i 'm pretty good at making friends but i constantly keep moving cities for one reason or the other by moving cities i mean from one country to another so it becomes really hard to get know someone for a long time and build something .
we were a quick sketch with hodgson this is more like a full blown episode .
egal was man von der fpö hält ist dies nicht nur fragwürdig sondern brand gefährlich .
wenn massenmedien sich aussuchen können welche partei auf ihren kanälen spots laufen lassen können dann können wir die demokratie gleich abschaffen .
murder rates are falling and frankly have very little to do with gun control because barely anyone owned a gun anyway .
http www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/crime/9411649/graphic-how-the-murder-rate-has-fallen.html and before you point to 2002 without reading the article that spike was because of one of the most prolific mass murders ever .
as for hiring 8x the police force again no .
it was slowly rising because we could afford to be safer but the recession has stalled it a lot .
police in england are a lot different to america they are mostly here to help the public rather than to stop bad guys .
hence so few are trained to use a gun .
we have n't replaced guns with police because the police barely carry guns .
which frankly anyone speaking on gbs gun control should bloody well know .
another interesting tidbit about the eyes the receptors in your eyes get saturated and your brain stops processing the signals they send if they send the same visual information continuously .
this has the effect of causing your vision to blind if you stare at one unmoving spot .
our eyes naturally twitch slightly when we try to stare at something in order to prevent this .
this feature can also affect you if you are looking at scenery which is substantially uniform either in color or shape .
it can cause diminished ability to differentiate visual ques .
this is the primary reason why doctor and nurses wear blue or green colored frocks .
these colors are very different from the blood-and-guts colors of the body so doctors wo n't suffer loss of vision during surgery .
the way i see it is the top 4 teams imo of skt edg lgd fnc consistently play to the highest professional level systematically dismantling anyone who does otherwise .
i think some of these other western teams can play to that level but it 's a tall order to prove they can do so consistently enough to progress through worlds .
just imo again but i think kt is basically in the same category they have the talent and ability to play to a high level but they still have much to prove being massively overshadowed by skt in their region .
note that nordsjælland still have the league topscorer bruninho up front .
i would pick the home win ah 0,5 to 2.025 at b365 .
ob lost last three away games 0-4 2-4 and 1-5
and i need to add if the problem is not solved it means you are n't using enough
well most indian curries have ghee https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ghee culinary_uses which is made from butter .
'' mit technology review confusing a company with bitcoin '' webonanza.com http webonanza.com/2015/10/02/mit-technology-review-confusing-a-company-with-bitcoin
message/compose ? to=tweetposter subject=error 20report message=/3n7knv 0a 0aplease leave above link unaltered .
there are videos showing that you can get the chest that kills you in the dreadnought while arc blade is active .
that 's irrefutable proof but you 'll probably pull some excuse out of your ass just so you do n't have to admit you 're wrong .
nice timing screenshot script ... also nice to see that we 're fighting the king 'mon guy .
the e3 reveal had a friggin 3 meter high tesla coil .
you see a person standing next to the damn thing .
what are you going to be using that for ?
i do n't see the gop ever doing anything to address mental health issues either so the carson position is equally without credibility .
its more like you get 4 retards on your team so you are the only gankable option for the enemy jungler anyway
a shot or whisky or a bottle of beer every feiday night .
how many big black cocks did you have to suck ?
you look so much like bruce green from funhaus !
which is not a bad thing mind you merely an observation .
for me playing a game of dnd is a casual commitment .
i play in big groups and people are free to join or not .
we can still play even if more than half the players decides not to join .
if you dont want to play this week you just dont go .
a contract to me would be signing a paper with a consequence for not attending it is n't a little odd '' it is really weird .
the wife of one of my employees homeschools most of their kids because she is currently an out of work teacher .
the kids need to be registered for homeschooling and pass standard exams at the end of the year .
if they do n't meet the minimum requirement grades they are required to attend regular school ...
if this guy was n't going thru that he was unknown to even the board of education or something and as such he most likely does n't exist in the government 's system .
i 'm with you on that one torchwood had a better hit-to-miss ratio of good episodes than many of the more recent series of dr who .
the biggest problem i see with dr who at the moment is twofold 1 you ca n't really develop a great plot arc and satisfying denouement over just one or two episodes they should span more episodes like the old series and 2 the scriptwriters or producers just do n't seem to be producing very good episodes at the moment .
peter capaldi and and matt smith are fantastic but they just have n't had good storylines .
okay there are some competitors but you 're a damn strong candidate .
i 'm neither my dick grows and it 's kinda large soft and kinda large hard you get what you 'd expect .
do n't know why i thought it would be a good idea to wander into this discussion .
if you work anywhere with an even half competent security policy there 's already a procedure in place for handling that .
where i work the policy used to be that you just got someone to come down to reception and verify you .
nowadays they just look you up on the system and look at your photo .
i have the same config as you exception i have i5 4690 and it flows like water on 2k resolution ... i run however win8.1 ... did you consider reinstalling your system ?
in that interview he sounds like a teacher who is mad at his classroom which is america .
that 's true but you 'll never have that trust relationship with him again
yes everyone who knows what they 're talking about and not just fanboying/white knighting the game is pissed off about it
plot hole probably left open by something they removed from the game or was meant to be expanded on later probably in chapter 3 peace .
now that you 've finished the game look up mission 51 .
it 's a cut mission about 40 finished that ends the mantis/eli plotline .
many updates have to update system files which can not be done when the os is running .
so you have to restart to install them before os is running .
wow how did you get away with a warning ?
maybe in a sensible country i could see that working but not with the sbb !
but do n't worry the train stopped there i even did the official thing and got off the train and back on again just to be sure p
there 's this kick-ass website that has so much content it 's like swimming through a torrent of tv .
fuse amperage rates are based on the max amount of current that circuit can handle .
you risk damaging your car and whatever you have plugged into the cig lighter port .
that generally there are no guards and that you van attack anyone .
please stop referring to yourself as a human being .
being mercurial usually means to be moody or otherwise unpredictable crafty erratic etc
it 's possible if you go to cheap enough countries and especially if you do things like wwoof or something similar so you basically get free room and board for parts of your trip .
i get that they want to keep it as similar to an ar as possible but the charger is the single weakest part of the design and does not need to be copied .
well taking care of multiple kids keeping the house clean cooking and buying groceries every day is hard work too you know .
it 's possible the issue is the the cable plant but you ca n't determine this from the test your did .
packet loss to a google ip adds a lot more factors that your isp might not even be responsible for .
you should ping an ip on the cmts to see if it 's the cable plant .
if you do a traceroute it will be the first hop after your equipment .
a lot of times you will see a 10.x.x.x in the traceroute .
i 'm going to have to science the shit out of this '' i do n't like it either but good movie overall it respected the whole book few movies do that really worth the waiting !
the gui essentially sprang up everywhere almost all at once .
apple 's lisa predated the macintosh and the x window system spread from mit 's across the unixlandia of mostly university students and professors and windows sprang up around the same time but no one really used it until windows 3.0 was released .
you can i 've done it in the past .
he 's suggesting multiple ways that bungie could implement this and comments on his least favorite one .
you took his least favorite one and decided to use that to sum up his argument .
we 're having a baby in 7 weeks and we already have had a crib for the baby for a while .
there 's nothing wrong with using the box as a bed .
getting a crib really early is more of a getting ready for the baby '' thing .
i 'm pretty sure that this was/is the case with all of my friends also .
my estimate is that there may be less than 10 of parents that use the baby box at all or more than a a few weeks before they get a crib .
all of these are reliable great off road a few years old and pretty cool .
just do plenty of research and you 'll be fine .
use truetype fonts please install a version of freetype greater than
if technology exists that can make my life more convenient why would i not avail myself of that technology ?
your same argument can be used for almost any modern convenience how cripped are you people that heating up a pot of water is so difficult that somehow it takes an unreasonable amount of time to make coffee without a coffeemaker ? ''
also if you use the phone a lot and/or walk around with it a qi pad lets you charge the phone every time you put it down even just for a few minutes and then instantly grab it to walk around again .
plugging in a phone once is easy plugging it in 5-10 times and it starts to add up .
bottom line if you do n't like qi do n't use it but if other people find it convenient what 's the damage ?
not quite the same but at an old workplace i was screwing someone quite high up the foodchain .
i got hired for the job before it all started but my new colleagues assumed i earnt the position also in management with my lips .
even after the pounding the phins got last week that actually made me super confident to start him no matter what .
they have no run game and will fall behind early their d is in shambles so they need to play catch up .
landry is gold right now and he 'll find a way to get open even if he is covered .
just got ta hope ryan throws less picks and more td 's this week .
so because i do n't know what type of player you are and how many time you want to spent on each level i created one which is a bit easier maybe you should just play this one .
also i like it better than the 10 second one .
there 's a reason the zebralight sc62w is so popular around here .
the buck-boost driver for full output on low battery smart thermal regulation small size and neutral white tint are a really good combination .
illumn carries them and gives a discount with reddit '' as a coupon code .
i think that 's about as low a price as you 'll find on them still over 60 but worth it .
the thrunite tn12 nw 2016 model is within your price range .
it 's in the popular dual-switch style and the new model is better regarded of late than the similarly priced nitecore p12 .
if you really want a light that will survive abuse armytek is the go-to tough light brand around here .
they also use buck-boost drivers and the partner c2 is within your price range .
the ui on that one is kind of combat-oriented if the head is tight it 's locked in high mode and if it 's loose you can change modes by turning on and off quickly .
the prime c2 is effectively the same light but with an electronic switch and different ui .
you do n't find many good lights with adjustable beams .
the zoom lenses absorb a lot of light output and it 's very bad for durability and waterproofing .
i ca n't think of any i would recommend for general-purpose use .
he looks adorable and can be aswell from time to time .
3 voker hats 1 5 staff 1 6 staff 7 bow 7 bracers and 6 healer robe !
no thyrus tho ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ...
well honestly it does n't sound too much like you 're feeling your relationship yourself ...
i know you said she 's been there for you through the rough parts but that 's no obligation to stay ...
now if you 're in love deeply in love sacrifices are made .
so this could be either returning to canada or her going to you .
right now it sounds like you returning to her could be an option .
however that 's not a decision you can make lightly .
first you need to determine how committed and in love you are .
ldrs are in my opinion close to marriages that usually end up in marriages .
making huge decisions like closing the gap is n't one you make lightly because of all the time money and effort it takes .
so i 'd advise assessing your feelings wholly first .
strawmaning all the critics of reborn seems a bit condescending .
i think the reason there are so many people that are upset is because valve forced the community to adopt a client that was clearly not ready when we had a more or less perfectly functional one already .
i ca n't speak for everybody but i can of course see the value in reborn but forcing it on the community in such a state was a major mistake .
dismissing anyone with any kind of criticism as whiny babies '' is pretty childish in itself .
uk p-51 is the p-51a which truth be told sucks .
us p-51a is at least free and the p-51d is a great plane to use if you chance upon a team that at least has 3/4 fighters better still if they climb .
i have to say she 's a tiny bit easier on the eyes than amelia..
i know i know how chauvinistic and sexist of me to take it there .
rushing through the game because you want to lone wolf is also shity .
if it looks like a duck and sounds like a duck ...
the only bit that bugged me was the the forest is off limits only for guides '' .
me and a bunch of other people hiked it this time last year .
would be a waste not to hero power there .
i wish i had a video card to play this game .
the relationship between kodan and norn is speculation specifically it is a kodan theory not fact .
but we 'll see how it plays out after a bit and look at the data .
i hope you do n't actually mean that and are just trying to crack a joke .
i know this seems a little quick but i uh ...
medmindre hendes syn er helt forfærdeligt er det ikke alt for svært at adskille brikkerne .
og du kunne snildt modificere dem så det er endnu nemmere
hell it may drag people in just for a demonstration .
please go dunk it in some water and leave it there .
i turn 21 on the 28th and then halloween is my third cakeday ! !
that defending though ... number 3 just out for a stroll in the midfield .
erm you 've lost me but i sincerely apologize for any confusion i may have caused you .
replace heir of the wilds with mardu hateblade ukud cobra or hand of silumgar depending on if you want automatic deathtouch speed or toughness .
put fetid imp in your sideboard if you want to be able to mitigate flying decks .
with just a b/w change your land to 4 cave of koilos 12 swamps and 6 plains .
you will be able to use about half your lands as plains if necessary and about 3/4 as swamps and they can all be tapped the turn they are played which will increase your speed .
if you can get her emblem she will be how you win as everything your deathtouch creatures kill will come back to your side at the end of turn .
add another game altering card preferably something that can swing things in your favor faster than liliana as her emblem takes several turns maybe palace siege .
use sidisi and dark petition to get to liliana and your other game changer .
jatt has said on several occasions that that is not true at all .
they 've never said that in fact they 've said the opposite .
they usually choose not to talk about bugs because it 's usually dead-end .
there 's not much to say other than welp that 's a bug '' .
the players know it was a bug and if they feel it was important they will pause .
i would n't call it incredibly wrong '' .. they could still go 1-5 .
why go to spokane if you can drive an extra 3 minutes and be somewhere nice ?
had a similar thougth when i discoverd that ishmael were big boss may just not work for him if he uses everything he knows .
i 'm still going strong also i honestly forget how many weeks it 's been since my last smoke but i 'm totally craving free
however according to islamic teaching http imgur.com/gallery/kfyv8fk/new homosexuality is permissible depending on intent .
nah i 'm just greedy i be like wanting all the cards xd
not everyone including myself has their previous gen consoles .
there 's a select group of moderators that run most of the big tv subreddits .
maybe they were pissed they did n't have access to this one so they created their own ?
as you can see the majority of the work is done aside from some minor projects like drain lines and such .
i 'll start mounting lights this weekend and hopefully have plants in some time next week .
feel free to ask any questions if it interests you .
have you noticed there are n't any taken servitors ?
yeah we are used to have free apps so it may feel weird to buy one .
but when you look at it it 's a ridiculous cheap price .
actually i always do the comparison with food prices when i 'm hesitating to buy something .
like for an app 'yeah it 's just 1 coffee ! '
or small indie games i 'm not sure i will like 'well that 's like one pizza and a dessert ... '
it 's pretty good to count like this i have this kind of food value scale and i always end up thinking that yeah this app or game is probably more worth than a pizza or a coffee .
i forget where i read it but apparently it was well-known within the club that most of the staff and players hated sak .
the remaining percentage is split between two other possibilities .
incarnation hai you kept your promise now i 'll keep mine
also even removing friends/accomplices of the shooter from the equation ... the cops or the security or whatever show up .
how do you telegraph that fact to police without also telegraphing it to the shooter before one of the two shoot you dead ?
police dealing with a mass shooting do n't have time to indulge your rambo fantasy and assume you 're the good guy here they 're going to see a person with a gun in an active shooter situation and most likely perceive that as a threat .
the people we saw were trying to pass themselves off as real devs but seemingly had no experience .
the ones with real world experience apparently had shitty mentors and just hacked together things a lot .
we also got a surprising number of people from those javascript camps they have now .
it 's very interesting because their knowledge is pretty good in extremely specific areas but overall there would still be too much hand-holding .
for example we had people who could answer a lot of trivia '' javascript questions and write some code who felt they should be at least mid-level because i spent all this money on a camp that should make me senior '' .
then i asked about process source control working on a team in general and some real-world code problems and they all had no clue about any of it .
did n't know how to debug and one guy did say why would i need to debug ?
i 'll just write it the right way the first time '' without smiling or laughing did n't know even how to test their own code or run it locally .
the 3rd party vendor was really not handling right .
legal warranty claims do not require the original packaging even returns are not subjects to the packaging requirement as per law at leas in eu .
the problem with small monitors will go away soon .
europe is already introducing service tags on all monitors regardless of the size other regions to follow .
first i see a post about thinking positively right after i reminded myself that all that low self esteem is in my head .
then i feel sad and lack energy because of my lower back pain from lifting which will also stop me from going to the gym for a while .
i get pumped and start writing a story after studying for my favourite subject .
op i hope you will be just as productive as i am today .
that was probably her voice in the background of the song .
getting on a flight shortly and really need to be able to get back sunday .
hair then just body in morning to wake up and to get rid of that nasty sleep sweat
depends on how much you 're willing to sacrifice for war .
th8 and below it is pretty difficult to defend in war no matter your defense so your defense is n't important .
your offense is also important if you want to raid but yes your defense is also important to keep the loot .
i 've heard someone say it like this defense determines how someone else plays the game offense determines how you play the game .
keep in mind this is per account not per user !
how can i disagree with something that makes absolutely no sense ?
you 're saying high-ranked players below global do n't get accused as much as lower ranked players because if they did they 'd be good enough for global .
you can be a really good player and get accused of hacking every match but never win a game that way you would n't rank up at all .
i had around 15 wins a row as supreme before i ranked up to global people call hacks in every rank because it 's based on the individual player 's performance and not the team 's .
if you 're concerned about maintenance then a belt drive bike with internal gears is pretty easy to mantain but they are not cheap .
if you want a robust and versatile bike then look for popular touring models surly lht for example .
if you want something truly capable to go everywhere then i 'd suggest a semi-fat touring bike like the surly ecr .
basically it depends on what you mean by polivalent '' and what you have in mind when you think about winter and snow .
also if your budget is below 1k then you basically need to pick a decent hybrid bike .
decently set up postrprocessers has close to no performance impact .
the post on the bottom right is in focus then blurred in the direction of rider movement left to right in the frame .
so the flash went off first then the post was blurred .
rear curtain sync would add trails to the left then the post to the right .
i pledged 189 but that was before seeing this video .
do you have any explication why its so bad ?
you ca n't ever do a shaving with this .
plus the app and site dashboard provide some nice useful stats
well joining the usaf with the hopes of joining nasa is a great way to go .
usaf space operations are all confined to earth orbit and are not exploratory in nature .
by the way the most heavily funded space agency in the us is the national reconnaissance office .
maybe if we did n't prevent concealed carry on campuses we would n't create areas where shooters could go on rampages without adequate response time .
because that 'll be effective at keeping guns out of the hands of guys who are intent on destroying the lives of others and do n't abide by the rules .
while not everyone is 4chan may not be bad i still do n't understand why people are congratulating the shooter and how he gave them life '' .
honestly the thread almost seems like they enjoy this type of thing and want to see it happen again .
iirc the odds for perfect roe is around 1 in 120 filleted fish .
fishing will not be the money maker that questing or farming is but there is still money to be made .
it 's actually quite relaxing in a zen kind of way .
on those subs posting a news story that has already been posted means yours gets removed .
it 's annoying and it 's why i rarely post news stories it 's impossible to check and see if your story was posted because it could be from an entirely different site than the one i 'd be posting .
also in this case it was a small community college in oregon in the past we 've had people posting directly who were students of the school in question .
also i know i have n't seen 40 posts about different school shootings this year on reddit maybe 4 tops .
also what kind of weirdo says that to someone on a thread they are n't even involved in ?
i went 15 miles wednesday night to a bar to pick up some older woman who lived literally 3 blocks away from the bar.. she said she kept getting an uber and they would cancel on her..
i was already there and i was n't going to make a fuss about it .
she did n't even seem drunk at all though .
she gave me a 5 dollar tip which was nice .
while i dislike the alchemy update i understand that jagex are doing their best to balance content .
if it turns out they are doing so for the purpose of exploiting players with mtx i 'll be pissed beyond fucking belief .
i think i came up with something last night as i fell asleep .
going to try and be mindful of all that and not drink today !
if you get the communication error update in the app store
in case i 've been lied to my whole life i looked up the definition of limit ''
so it appears that assuming dictionaries correctly define words a speed limit would be the utmost speed you can/should go .
not really sure what you were trying to get at .
funny or maybe not so funny fact the finnish equivalent for the word 'cavalier ' is 'kavaljeeri ' which is used only to describe a usually male companion who takes you to a dance or another formal occasion .
she says she 's grieving right now and needs time .
i do n't see why she needs to grieve but i 'm not her .
so its an absurdly priced sodastream thats more expensive to use ?
när jag däremot börjar studera eller jobba blir jag deprimerad .
fast man måste ju ha pengar här i livet och de växer inte på träd .
i suppose they figure one can pay it given that they clearly have enough disposable income to spend on vast amounts of food .
i had a sleep in went to the gym got a haircut did some shopping cleaned the house baked a cake then chilled and crocheted in the afternoon sun .
i said something stupid on the internet and they all laughed at me . ''
maybe this internet thing just is n't for you . ''
last question how did you edit the images so quickly ?
yo i need to the shaxx weekly bountie where you complete 5 games in a fire team .
wo n't be using my mic cos i got people sleeping .
i 'm 30 and just recently realized what to get to the other side '' answer to why did the chicken cross the road '' meant .
i always thought it was just a dumb answer to a dumb joke until someone pointed out to me that the other side '' was being dead .
i know this out of context of the joke i just never thought about it .
i mean okay flaring pain is good but you really need 4 temur battle rage ?
if you need trample there are a lot of cheaper alternatives evn ur fiend almost never plays 4 .
if you really want to play a 3-color infect list splash black instead of red a good infecter and unearth is nuts vs heavy removal decks .
stop calling everything a bug shackle shot was buffed to make it easier to hit now .
yeah tell that to my stack of empty cans of diamond wasabi almonds i had to stop buying them because i could n't just eat one serving
if you really like her yes you definitely should .
you will forever regret it if you do n't .
if she says no and it costs you a friendship you probably were n't that good friends anyway .
maybe you are friends because you like each other or you like her .
i know i 've had what i thought were great friends who were n't really friends when they found a boyfriend .
edit but if you truly are great friends you asking her out should n't change anything .
i 've made out with and gotten rejected by some of my best friends .
either way future you will hate you for not going for it .
the gif is ruined by the comments of one dude .
i do not own guns and have no wish to own them .
owning guns does not automatically compel people to kill others .
more guns are available more people own guns but total killings and the rate of killings go down .
i will argue the us has higher rates not because of higher available of certain kinds of weapons but of higher rates of mental illness caused by a variety of factors .
us also has a comparatively high suicide rate compared to some other nation states .
rate of self harm in girls in most western states has been increasing over time .
will banning guns make that human suffering go away too ?
not having as available access to weapons does not prevent mass killings as is shown in the incident i linked .
implementing strong gun control laws does n't stop mass shootings either as is shown in states with strong controls and yet still mass killings with guns happening .
i do not believe that strongly mentally ill people would not be able to find a way to hurt others if they had zero access to guns .
if you want to solve the problem you need to focus on why people are hurting and why they feel compelled to hurt others not on the inanimate objects of various utility that people use to hurt others with .
funny part is it costs exactly as much in as it did in the 80s so adjusted for inflation it 's much cheaper now .
a bit like how stance fans get butt hurt by someone else 's taste it cars ?
also i think it 's pretty fair to not like performance cars to be made objectively worse performance wise whether you like it or not .
wargs could be the inferior children of werewolves just as the giant spiders where children of ungoliat
something that is n't a big deal but really bugs you .
... mgalekgolo have been strangely known to recite poetry after battle ... ''
a history of the lekgolo minister of conversion 23^rd age of doubt .
after the bloodbath at the holy site the brothers called the other mgalekgolo to the room outside the colony holding rooms .
other species were attracted to the strange rumblings and shakings .
seeing this ikta sent a lekgolo to close the doors allowing few to watch their strange ritual .
ooc p.s i ca n't poetry for my life so if you liked this excerpt go read war is kind '' by
anyone know how or where i can find a buildpack that would let me run avconv on heroku ?
the ffmpeg buildpack out there does not support ogg conversion .
so i 'm replaying through missions to complete optional tasks get some gmp and kill as many things as i can to get my demon score up .
i just replayed mission 10 where you have to rescue malak .
so after killing all the soldiers and other prisoners again trying to up my demon score i call the chopper and pick up malak .
normally it 's pretty quick and we are done however a sandstorm immediately follows so i just stand there waiting for it to clear .
while i 'm waiting malak is talking to venom the usual who are you ?
do n't send me to someone i do n't know .
you have to take me back with you ... '' yadda yadda .
well after saying that lady line bare in mind it 's like he 's actually having a conversation with venom but we only hear his half he the says ...
i see ... well i will have to lose my name then . ''
but if i remember correctly outer heaven does n't exist yet right ?
i do n't know if he says this the first time you play through can anyone confirm ?
i 've completed the game so he may only be saying that because in the end scene you see venom at outer heaven .
if someone can confirm that malak says that in the mission on the first playthrough it may be a clue to another ruse .
i 've heard a lot of people theorize that the truth '' ending is n't exactly true .
after all the game quotes that there is no fact only interpretation .
if malak does indeed say this in the initial playthrough then it may mean we are hearing him respond to venom talking about outer heaven instead of diamond dogs ... ?
please boys give me a good a reasonable reason to pick dragon knight in overthrow duo .
i'ts like you are in your 10 y/o birthday party and you choose to go to your bedroom to read a maths book with just the light of a candle meanwhile all ur friends are having a blast of fun doing funny shit .
my family got into a dispute over this the short version is that malign mirror makes you fight with armor and level only .
and the hellknight has armor that gives him 5 by default .
it 's a faction ability and therefore should n't be included in your bonuses due to malign mirror .
it 's armor so malign mirror does n't effect it .
290 is nice but at least meet minimum requirement .
would plex be able to match adult content if i were to add my videos as a movie collection ?
i 've read through the chapter at least three times .
i do n't understand how to calculate how to calculate the subnet mask i do n't understand how to calculate the host i do n't understand the xx ... and ipv6 manages to be more confusing than ipv4 .
basically the this whole chapter is not making any sense to me and i 'd greatly appreciate any help given to help dumb the concept down a lot .
i am loving the game and think my marine friend would as well .
anyone have a spare xbox 1 code they can spare me ?
does anyone know if a sprint samsung s5 sm-6900p16g will work on the wind in canada network when unlocked ?
my girlfriend is an amazingly funny girl and im worried about our relationship because she is distancing herself from me she doesnt sit woth me anymore .
we have been friends for a year and i asked her out a month ago she was mich happier before .
i am currently using a late 2010 macbook air with 2gb of ram and a 1.86 ghz intel core 2 duo for a processor .
i an currently running yosemite and was wondering if el capitan will run better .
last year at this time i was in rehab for drug addiction .
i 've steered clear of that since the day i went to rehab .
after rehab i lived in a men 's halfway house and did great there .
no drugs or alcohol for the 7 months i lived there .
got a good job making more money than i 've ever made .
i moved in to my own place for the first time ever .
i 've gotten drunk every weekend for the past two months .
i try to rationalize and say that the reason i feel so guilty is because i was in 12 step for so long and so many times that i have been brainwashed to believe that a drug addict ca n't drink alcohol .
but i am every horror story they tell you about in rehab .
i 'm not doing dope but i 'm drinking until it 's lights out .
i 'm closing the bar each time i go .
i passed out in my car one night because i was way too drunk to be driving .
i 'm drinking on good and bad weekends now .
i had a good week at work got a bonus and i could n't wait to get to the liquor store and buy a pint to get me started .
now i 'm drunk and about to hit the bar again .
this endless cycle is exactly why i said i would do anything to not be addicted to drugs any more .
i was on the verge of suicide and legally admitted to a psychiatric facility because i could n't do it .
the shame is so overpowering that i would rather die than ask for help again .
i 've used up every ticket to help that i 've got .
maybe someone will feel themselves getting close and realize that this is n't where they want to be .
to make matters worse i reached out to a dear friend i met in rehab that went to sober living with me .
love him like a brother hold him near to my heart .
he relapsed by sniffing dope 3 weeks ago and now he 's on the needle again .
there is no fucking hope for some of us .
and i believe we 're good people deep down inside .
i know for a fact this friend is a fucking good person .
this disease if you want to call it that is not fucking fair .
i 'm at the point where i want to get the best tank in the game .
i have up to the m46 for america is-3 for russia and tiger 2 p for germany .
which end game tank should i go for out of the m60 t-10m or leopard 1 ?
im only going to day 2 and 3 tomorrow and the day after that from when this post was made and i registered but my friend just found out today he can go with me but registration has closed understandably so as the tournament has literally already started .
does anyone have registration info my friend can use for day 2 and 3 of big house ?
i 'm willing to pay the 75 registration fee for it .
tl dr anyone have registration info i can use for my friend that i can pay 75 for
it 's really starting to get to me it 's like it does n't matter to her at all and she thinks she is trying so hard but she 's not trying at all or else she would be able to find time to do things like she can find time to do all the other things we do .
i 'd like to try it out and see how the battery life is with the watch never going into that dim black/white mode .
does n't seem to be any setting in android wear or on the watch .
i hear of people going on huge dry streaks and i seem to have been pretty lucky ...
i was talking to a guy in game a few minutes ago http i.imgur.com/6yhv4kw.png who has n't even got 2 in 2k kills ...
i currently own a nexus 5 and a galaxy s6 and use my s6 as a daily driver .
i miss the stock android experience but have come pretty close to it in my s6 with a custom rom/kernel and nova launcher .
would it be worth it for me to make the move on to the 5x ?
the 6p is obviously the better choice but that phone is just far too large for my taste .
i really got used to wireless charging with my n5 and to lose that with the 5x would just seem like a big step back the camera also would n't be as great as the one on my s6 .
my only complaint about my s6 as of now as that i know it is n't as snappy as a phone running stock android would be and the battery life leaves a lot to be desired .
would getting the 5x be a downgrade from my s6 or would it be a side grade at best ?
kinda lost as to what i should do and would appreciate some input .
i have been using a company ipad for swct .
it started innocently enough and developed into a full blown addiction .
technically it 's a shared unit i had just sort of claimed it for myself .
unfortunately just as i was leaving work today it was needed for a demo .
i turned it over and left for the weekend .
now i do n't have access to it until monday .
i already know i 'm going to miss out on the last classic card .
heck if i thought i could dodge the ban hammer i 'd be half inclined to install bluestacks just to make it through the weekend .
so i 'm going to order my own ipad right now so this never happens again then go curl up in the fetal position in the corner and suck on my thumb .
i ca n't wait for monday and i do n't like that feeling .
my old chair is really beaten up it was a 60 office chair and it did n't live up to expectations so i 'm looking for a worthy chair that supports my prolonged sessions of gaming and ahriworship that is also comfortable to lean back on and enjoy tv shows and anime !
my budget is up to 400 and i want it to be kind of cool looking so its worthy of my own extra decorations so yea i was leaning toward needforseat or dxracer ones .
i have a d7000 i run a 35 1.8 prime that i use for street photo and car stuff .
how ever sometimes i wish i had a decent low light zoom lens .
i 'm coming from chicago to see the game on sunday sitting in section 138 .
anyone else from this sub headed to see us get to 2-2 ?
hello everyone i attempted to update today and i recieved the error unknown httpsource error '' .
i have attempted to repair my dcs updater but still recieve the same error .
i can read a fair amount of moon but i ca n't find the option which lets you change that .
it 's whatever your center idol is in the main unit .
i 'm looking to buy a brand new harley and i 'm stuck s to what to get !
i really like the look and feel of the forty eight sportster and the dyna street bob after taking them out on a test ride but i 'm undecided on which one !
and are there any other awesome harley 's that i 'm missing out on ?
i do n't really have a price range but would rather something on the slightly cheaper side over some of the crazy expensive harley 's they have !
i 'll be doing quite a lot of riding maybe between 1000 and 2000 miles a month !
and i 'll generally be riding country rodes maybe a bit of touring every now and again but do n't want a massive tourer
so i pulled the trigger and im getting an 85 mij squier a-series jazz bass and im thinking ahead when i want to do upgrades .
if it helps the only artist whose tone i 'd consider emulating is duff mckagans
i hate my ovaries robyn thought to herself as she walked around campus .
get me out she walked to the parking lot got in her car and started driving .
she walked up and down the sand a bit smoking some of the weed she got from adrian earlier that week .
it was n't long before she laid down on her back too uncomfortale to keep walking at least i 'm not pregnant '' robyn muttered to herself
i 'm a relatively new mac user so this might be something that i 'm doing wrong .
with yosemite i was able to pull up an imgur image and drag to photos .
i could then drop it in the photo app and it would automatically upload to my photos across all of my devices .
i updated to el capitan and now it wo n't let me drag and drop anything to the photos .
i have to save it to the desktop and then drag to the photos app .
main hand ascension bow with an off hand ccb or dual drygore longswords ?
and i thought this subreddit was the place for circlejerks .
so i started writing a script that would give individual items certain properties .
i 've linked the player but that 's because the player has certain scripts on it that tie with this one .
anyways i 'm trying to make one of these items hover here 's http i.imgur.com/bzd58s6.png ? 1 the code .
i wrote it so that it acts like a sin wave but only moves in the y direction .
i think the issues are lines 19 and/or 24 .
whenever the game starts the sprite moves from let 's say 3,4 to 3,0 .
before http i.imgur.com/wadcipt.png ? 1 and after http i.imgur.com/lfa233j.png ? 2 it starts .
it 's in action here http i.imgur.com/ryicp2s.gif and that twitching is the gif looping
i 've been playing other m and being reminded one of the things i do like about the game is it 's combat most significant the sense moves or whatever they 're called and the over blasts etc .
would you want these sort of things back in one way or another in a future game or like in a thread i made awhile ago would you like her to have some sort of melee designated weapon ?
my wife 28f said to me tonight do you think we have enough lust '' in our sex life ?
she said that she knows i think she is pretty but sometimes does n't feel that way .
we both work longer hours than we should and have a one year old .
she is really hoping that we can get pregnant with our second which has been harder than we thought .
i think some of that is playing into her current state .
any suggestions on how i can lust '' for my wife more and reminder her how sexy i think she is ?
i 'm writing in a few darker worlds and i need some lighter faire to balance it out .
i also love stretching creative muscles with all you kink-friendly people .
so how 'bout a scene set around a game tonight ?
i 'm no actor but i like the concept of improv where actors riff of each others ' actions and words while continually adding to the story .
there are many versions of the rules out there but i see u/diabolicalchap posted tina fey 's rules https www.reddit.com/r/dirtypenpals/comments/2jpsi2/meta_tina_feys_rules_of_improvfor_erotica ?
so let 's play a couple or a whole troupe of actors practicing with some improv drills at someone 's house when things go a bit further than expected !
i 'm happy to discuss kinks outside the rules of improv and will absolutely respect limits .
while i 'm normally game for a lot of kinks i 'd like this scene to be more about fun than cruelty so heavy discipline and non-con are probably out .
also open to prior prompts as long as we start out with sunshine and rainbows !
i ca n't beat the last challenge tower on mk9 .
i made past goro with good health only once and only because his ai was hellbent on taunting me but then i wasnt as lucky with kintaro .
as you might guess by my flair i main smoke 2nd main is stryker i only use him for cheap purposes 3rd is nooby saibooty and 4th is raiden electric man that flies yelps about protecting earthrealm
i miss one hit or another in smoke 's combos when i go against goro .
kintaro just uses that lol im gona step on u like pancakes ''
i never made past kintaro so idk about mileena or shao kahn
so please comment what should i do and keep in mind i wont play anything but smoke the other characters i mentioned maybe i would play something else i 'm just a bit good with smoke
this evening i got home and noticed a package waiting on the table .
we were expecting some bicycle parts in the mail but my husband promptly warned me that these were n't the parts and this package was probably going to make me cry .
it was from my biological father who was n't around much when i was growing up was neglectful and spiteful through my teenage and early college years but has finally turned over a new leaf in 2015 .
the card read everyone is probably in a frenzy getting you things for the baby but i wanted to make sure to get something for mom '' and inside was a new coach purse !
i 'm rubbing my eyes like crazy when my husband sweetly tells me that i might want to wash off my makeup .
remembering that today was the one day i decided to wear makeup i start feeling ridiculous that i just smeared heavy mascara all over my face and that i 'm sobbing over having received a coach purse firstworldproblems amiright ? .
i cry even harder and unexpectedly pee my pants .
by this time my husband is laughing hysterically but redeems himself by carrying me upstairs in my mess and grabbing me a new pair of underwear .
i 'm going to go eat some ice cream ...
i have been playing destiny since beta on ps3 .
bought a ps4 a few months ago and i do n't have any friends to raid with .
i joined a couple groups tonight that i had to leave because of children or teens with horrible language and attitudes .
i do n't get to try the raid very often but i would like it to be with some good company .
i 'm done for tonight but send me a friend request or leave a comment for future raiding or crucible adventures .
my friends and i have been playing the proving grounds beta for the past 3 months and have thoroughly been enjoying it .
it also has a solid community of players aside from the hackers and occasional shenanigans .
then earlier today the game came out of beta and completely changed everything .
the interface the menu the settings how the guns feel the audio the lighting i mean they completely changed how the game functions for me and not in a good way .
i know this reddit has is very small but has anyone else had these same issues ?
i 'll probably add some detail to what i 'm referring to but i just want to see if anyone is annoyed by this .
i 've been trying to remake these parts with no luck at all it 's all i need to finish my remake of the tomorrowland version of bug hunt !
so can anyone recreate these 2 parts of the track ? http www52.zippyshare.com/v/itoxszyw/file.html
have myself and 2 friends looking to run kings fall for the first time .
however other than videos do n't have much xp in the raid .
looking for atleast 1 experienced guy to give strats and pointers .
my psn is the same as my username if you 're up for it .
the mc un/expectedly time-travelled to the past when the latest/first vrmmo 's going online/accessible and inside the game uses the system bug/techniques already known in the future to kill the boss .
i specifically remembered the part where he lured it and made the boss stuck between the trees ...
well it 's really vague but do please help me if you have any idea about it .
i searched a little bit but could n't find exactly what i was looking for .
i have a friend that is currently in jail .
he is allowed to have only 2 hardback and 3 paperback books at a time .
there 's no limit on the size of the books though .
he 's never read comic books much but he loves to draw and is missing art to look at .
i was hoping i could get some recommendations of collections .
he is a big fan of the marvel movies and the nolan batman movies .
and i think he would appreciate great art in the book .
also keep in mind that it ca n't contain anything that might be confiscated for being considered pornographic .
i do n't know if that 's an issue just thought i would mention it .
bastardized coconut toddy kefir palm wine or suggest a better name
42oz reconstituted whole coconut milk powder or coconut milk 3 can
contents of 4-5 caps of megafoods trade megaflora https megafood.com/megaflora pull them apart and empty contents as starter .
add the above into a wide mouth half gallon mason jar with a standard lid screwed tightly .
loosen the lid or replace with a fermenting pickling lid plastic cap with silicone gasket silicone grommet and water-airlock brewery device screwed tightly on .
place the jar on top of a plate on top of the fridge .
swish gently daily for 5-7 days shorter if much activity .
at the end of the initial fermentation replace with standard top and place in the fridge .
this ferment recipe has worked without fail over 100 times for me .
the drink is mildly psychoactive and very marginally 1 alcoholic .
i did just say that people 's reaction is usually immediate and srangely very happy .
many report that this tastes like a pina colada but without the pineapple .
... where he is sitting on bleachers in street clothes talking about what goes through his mind before the snap .
i found an old reddit thread but the youtube vid on the link is private .
if anyone has the original link it would be much appreciated !
i made the mistake and bought the logitech g930s despite so many bad reviews and now i am the market for a new gaming headset but i am having a hard time finding out what is the best quality ?
so i pre ordered the deluxe edition digitally and when i signed in the first day i had 12 packs .
10 rub and 2 from the first week of deluxe .
was i supposed to also have 10 for pre ordering which would bring me to a total of 22 packs ?
or does the deluxe edition not get the 10 pre order packs ?
i 'd just like to know before i go and possibly argue with ea over something i 'm incorrect about .
the h '' key enables the expanded hud while held .
this gives the numerical information of your status icons on the right side of the screen along with the time your region and its temperature in the top left among other things .
imho this is important information i would like to have without holding the key .
if this has been suggested before please direct my attention to where i can show my support .
good hunting have fun and thank you for your time .
http i.imgur.com/c9iboxy.jpg who says business and pleasure ca n't be mixed ?
it can even be soloed using the two bots to handily cover your back while you cook .
i completed my alice schuberg respect thread so i thought i 'd try and put her to the test here .
the fight takes place in an open field at daytime .
i 'm going to a wedding as a date to a bridesmaid and she wants to match .
i have absolutely no idea what color suit to wear with it .
i have a darker purple tie that i figure would work with the shirt since well purple but no clue on a suit .
and if i should n't purple tie that purple shirt hit me with that too .
went into a mcdonald 's after a while and got super small burgers for the same bloody price i used to pay a while back .
i think they are doing this to avoid hiking the price if so this is bullshit .
i figured i 'd start a thread for anyone that has edging tips .
these tips fall under the think about baseball '' umbrella .
this black cat is the one that appears behind the doors of the menu.perhaps a future unit ? so much hyped .
innkeeper turn 2 hero power innervate mark of the wild on my minion .
i 18 f broke up with my boyfriend 19m last week .
he lives in a different state than i do and i still love him and he still loves me '' .
he was my first love kiss and sexual partner too .
now this other guy 18m is interested in me and i am interested in him kinda .
he clearly wants to hook up with me but i 'm not sure if i should .
i 'm more awkward around him if anything because idk what to do .
i want to get over my old bf really badly .
ok so thanks to u/steampunkjunkie a landmark was found .
on the moon behind the anchor of light/hellmouth areas .
an awesome spot that had me going crazy trying to figure out the rest of the map last night .
went to bed without getting anywhere but they say the subconscious is better at problem solving so in a half awake state this morning i started thinking again .
here 's what i 've come up with and i 'm writing on my phone so these points are going to be in a block sorry for that .
some noticed that the map was flipped placing the music note '' or doorway as it was speculated last night exactly at the entrance to the temple of crota .
also someone else noticed that the bottom portion of the map looked like a mirrored image of a wolf head .
looking at the sketches on the map we can see a fallen ketch and the dreadnaught indicating that either both factions or possibly just taken fallen are involved .
there is an obvious red circle with a strike through it .
temple of crota taken fallen strike wolf 's head .
edit i 'll stay on the map it 's possible there 's more to it but people are looking at it like a go to the spot here 's the treasure '' map .
ca n't do that in games people will either accidentally come across it or inevitably glitch outside the boundaries to find hidden stuff .
you need to look at it for hints to something else
i went in to my pcp today because of what i thought was a head cold and was diagnosed with sinisitus sinus ... something that feels bad and bronchitis .
when they took my bp they said it was 110/80 and on the paperwork they sent me home with it also says 110/80 so i know i remember it correctly .
the nurse did n't act like it was anything abnormal but out of curiosity i decided to look it up to see what it exactly meant .
apparently the 110 for systolic is fine but the 80 for diastolic is right over the threshold for pre-hypertension .
my question is is good/bad bp black and white for everyone or is it relative compared to your past blood pressure readings ?
they said absolutely nothing about being concerned about it and from what i looked at about preeclampsia the readings for that are much higher .
i have an ob appointment on thursday so i 'll see if they say anything or what my bp is then .
i 'm not asking for medical advice just some understanding on how blood pressure works or anyone 's experiences with blood pressure .
edit also is blood pressure changed by being sick with things like sinisitus/bronchitis ?
only the ubl committee members are allowed to comment on this thread .
if you have an opinion you 'd like to share please view the report post .
i 've done searches on github as generic as 'cap ' but i 've been unable to find anything unrelated to what appears to be related to advertising .
anyone know where i can buy pork rinds in north county ?
some gas stations sell them but i 'd like to buy bigger bags if possible .
i 've played wakfu on and off since beta and the last time i played was probably december last year .
i became dissatisfied because the game was n't as populated as i liked compared to the times when bonta was the main market after full release .
plus i hated multi-boxing because it felt like people who could run multiple boxes at once had an advantage and the game did n't feel as fulfilling .
most of us have n't done the raid so a sherpa would be appreciated
she is holding a free webinar for tips strategies especially for non profits .
help me with clearing daily mythicals for evo materials so i can awoken evo my teams .
i know i 've been lucky with my pulls pretty much full teams for a.ra a.yomi a.anubis z8 kite .
i just need to know what teams i should be using/working on/farming for to farm daily mythicals and later on z8 and d.izanami .
all my stuff is not awoken evo 'd yet .
on paper yeldon should have a better game imo but i have a gut feeling jeremy hill will have a really good week so i 'm torn .
also not sure who i should start in my flex between brandin cooks and ted ginn jr. cooks seems like a safer pic but i feel like ted ginn can have a better game and build on this past week .
i always heard a lot of buzz around it and was n't impressed at first but i like the story arc so far .
some of it is dated and painful to watch but other parts are really impressive .
only one of us knows what to do so please help us !
i 'm a female 5'7 '' sw 290 cw 267 gw 170 .
i have a long way to go on this journey .
i 've lost 23 pounds in the past 3 months from eating healthier and counting calories with mfp .
my question to you now is this are there any drinkers out there that have found a successful way to lose weight while also not quitting drinking ?
i 'm not going to lie i enjoy drinking .
i 've looked at ways to lower my calorie count when drinking bud light is 110 calories my vodka and soda is 100ish calories but no matter what i feel like way too many of my allotted calories are used up by alcohol .
i do n't drink every day but on the nights that i do i 'm having trouble figuring out how to eat during the day to account for my drinking at night .
if anyone has any advice on this is would be very much appreciated !
we 're doing the one gaze strat if we have anyone who wants to volunteer as gazer that 'd be great .
so i was playing an rpg maker game on windows 7 and it was working just fine i think it runs on something called rgss3 player .
upgraded to windows 10 and had strange issues when using full screen .
there was lots of flickering and long horizontal lines across the screen .
i used some gpu monitoring to see if there was anything weird going on .
it looks like my gpu core clock/memory clock/voltage went from like 1150/1750/1v to 150/150/.85v .
basically tried everything i could as far as uninstalling and reinstalling going back to previous drivers updated motherboard bios gpu bios literally everything .
one solution i found online is to unplug the second monitor .
this did in fact work and the lines and flickering in full screen were gone .
however i like having two monitors and tried to find another solution .
it turns out i can easily fix the power/voltage issue inside the nvidia control panel via the power management mode '' setting which i changed to prefer maximum performance . ''
after this my core/memory/voltage settings no longer went down immensely after going full screen .
i tried changing every damn setting in the manage 3d settings '' in the control panel but nothing worked .
finally while i was in manage 3d settings '' i looked up and clicked on the file edit etc ... menu bar .
under 3d settings there is something called show physx visual indicator '' i clicked to have it checked .
i 'm pretty sure this is not what this button is supposed to do .
anyone have any clue why the hell this worked or had similar issues ?
edit here 's what that setting is supposed to do http physxinfo.com/wiki/physx_visual_indicator it 's just an indicator showing if you 're using cpu vs gpu with physx you do n't even have to hit apply '' this setting .
the indicator does n't even show up in the game because there 's no physx involved .
fap is the biggest waste of creative energy you can ever waste and you will live an half life or no life at all .
what kind of reality is p creating for you ?
first of all p is a part of mainstream society .
p today is far away from our human sexuality it´s an escape from pain and other normal human feelings pmo is a way to ignore those feelings and makes you loose track of time .
when you watch that shit you objectify woman and men because of this you loose your self asteam .
the people in p-movies comes from serious problem from their childhood they maybe have been raped sexual abused or treated bad .
the girl in the screen is somebody 's daughter sister or even somebody 's mother .
how would you feel if all the world watch one of your relatives or family member that way ?
p destroys intimacy the joy of feeling yourself with someone .
if we associate o with a real partner this will be the thing that turn us on .
when you become an addict you stop investing in your life and start to support an evil mainstream society .
those people are making huge amount of money because of all the viewers and believe me that those money are not going to charity 100 .
pmo will effect your daily life belief system our friendships our relationships and career .
ask yourself and answer truthfully is pmo really giving you something or taking away something ?
what did you do the last 3 hours or even days before the triggers pop up ?
sink in deep into that feeling and notice that it´s ok to be an human being and hard time are not here to stay they are here to pass .
do something creative start to write start to draw go to the gym ?
then meditate take a walk in the nature or just get some sleep .
you have to cut the root of your problem .
and remember that tomorrow it´s a brand new day .
ok then chose to relapse do it because of your own choose not because you can´t stop .
go on feel unworthy dirty pathetic feel the shame and be a disappointed failure .
start to increase self-respect do things you enjoy help others seek for things you really like .
deep down in your heart you know that fapping is n't good for you and you know how you will feel afterwards .
we can not be on war with ourself and our own sexuality .
spend time to make your life better instead of killing your soul supporting something evil that ruins life´s worldwide .
subtle tears fill your eyes the only sign of life .
the worries of the world simply too much to keep .
when happened to the person that i wanted to be ?
i need an indicator light for my jeep and do n't see the point in taking it to the dealer as i can fix it myself but need the part .
i have been working as a temp-to-perm at a nonprofit since april with 4 others .
since i have been there my director has constantly praised my performance to his vp and other directors .
my metrics have also been higher than all of the fte .
recently they hired one of my fellow temps who had worse metrics then me as well as less experience bc i did n't say i could see myself still in data management in 5-10 years .
i will be earning my cpa license within the next 2-3 years bc of grad school and my dir .
it also did n't help that i made an enemy of one of the managers when i did not apply for a job that i was under qualified for through a friend of his .
after the other temp was hired my director reassured '' me by saying that if he got extra funding for a fte next year that he would hire me on otherwise i would have my 13/hr temp position for at least another year and would hopefully get a position in another department .
my main issue is that much of the company has been there for 5 years and turnover is low .
however during the time that i have been there every single intenal job posting has ended up being posted externally with hiring managers typically hiring the external candidate .
i 'm hoping to find a new position outside my placement by oct. 31 .
i have extensive administrative experience as well as some contracts govt regulation work but am looking more towards banking/finance roles .
what do i say in an interview with a potential temp-to-perm when asked why i 'm leaving one contract/agency for another ?
is it tacky to apply for a position at a former temp-to-perm placement say one year after you quit the contract ?
when negotiating pay do i say the highest x figures from my past or x from the last 2 years ?
i had a phone interview with a corporate recruiter recently and i was left with the impression that if offered the position i would be lowballed below the posting 's pay range bc of my current pay rate .
my previous job did pay within that range though .
need interview advice on transitioning btwn temp-to-perm and agency 1 to temp-to-perm and agency 2 as well as applying to former temp site .
i 'm a newbie and can not for the life of me find a decent list of simply the best quality and tasting dips so please share your list .
the books in the study a handful open with cracked yellow pages dozens more piled so high they dwarfed most drowned in the silence of dusty moonlight .
a gentle mind blew round the walls creaking the drawbridge .
soft footsteps preceded a servant who padded alone through the vast corridors to extinguish sconces with a pursed lip .
one of the many birds which nested in the godswood flitted over roof its eyes cast downwards in search of food but ultimately finding nothing to sustain it within the ancient grimy tiles .
in the streets of king 's landing a small figure walked the streets his face concealed by a thick woolen hood .
behind him a scattered group of equally disguised people pretended to be about their own business .
enough citizens wandered the cobbles of the city so that their cooperation could n't be detected as they feigned being average members of the city walking at uneven paces and distracting themselves with other things .
despite that they were alert and ready to protect corlys targaryen from any who might recognise him .
the velaryon manse sat outside of the city 's walls meaning corlys had to pass underneath a gate his men giving a silent nod to the goldcloaks on the wall .
this is the first time i 've been out of the city in months he realized taking a deep breath of the air .
many noble families had come to king 's landing to pledge fealty or attend other business and thus so had their retinues .
the pavilions which housed them formed a hard line on the horizon .
a dozen banners flapped in the air and were made ethreal by the dotted low campfires which illuminated them .
corlys headed down a winding hill which curved away towards the bay .
along that road he found his grandfather 's manse .
it was an elegant structure of mottled grey stone and pale weirwood .
a brilliant tangle of ivy bursting up the walls had blossomed pink and white as spring returned to the world .
corlys hesitated at the gate pulling back his gloved hand .
every nerve in his skin was buzzing with worry .
he shook his head lengthening silver locks escaping from the confines of the hood .
angry guilty and quite alone corlys stomped up to the door and knocked lightly on the weirwood .
at the sajha corporation petrol station in kathmandu 's busy pulchowk district on friday hundreds of cars lorries buses and motorcycles lined up as drivers waited for a supply truck to refill the empty pumps .
the service station used to sell nearly 20,000 litres of petrol each day .
but for more than a week nepal 's fuel supplies — which come from a state-owned indian company the indian oil corporation — have been almost entirely cut off while tankers queue in a 10km tailback at the india-nepal border .
india claims its truck drivers are reluctant to cross the border because of political unrest in nepal 's terai region where the local madhesi people are protesting over the country 's new constitution that they say will curb their political influence .
but many nepalis are convinced that their powerful southern neighbour is deliberately blockading their country choking off its supply of fuel and food in violation of international law .
they claim india which has close ethnic cultural linguistic and socio-economic ties with the madhesis is trying to force kathmandu to rewrite the constitution .
there is no doubt this is an economic blockade under directions of new delhi nothing local said kanak mani dixit publisher of himal southasian a kathmandu-based regional magazine .
what we do n't know is if that came from a renegade foreign ministry official or from the prime minister.
the new constitution promulgated last month after more than nine years of tortuous negotiations was supposed to end years of political turmoil in which nepal 's 28m people endured a maoist uprising a brutal civil war and the abolition of the 240-year old hindu monarchy .
the madhesis who make up around 32 per cent of nepal 's population believe the new constitution was deliberately drafted to curb their political influence .
on friday nepali police reportedly used tear gas and rubber bullets to disperse madhesi protesters in a town along the east-west highway that runs across the plains south-east of kathmandu .
new delhi sees nepal as a part of its natural sphere of influence and is anxious about china 's role in the country .
although it denies any official embargo india has publicly urged kathmandu to reconsider the constitution .
we do not want to be prescriptive the indian foreign ministry said .
it is for the people of nepal and the political parties in nepal to arrive at a mutually acceptable solution for which ownership can be taken by all sectors.
the new constitution divides nepal into seven different provinces but mahdesis believe the new state lines were deliberately drawn to weaken their influence .
they are also upset at constitutional provisions for an expanded system of quotas in government jobs for disadvantaged groups which they fear will reduce their own access to employment .
sushil koirala nepal 's prime minister who is poised to resign as part of the process outlined in the constitution for forming a new government has appealed to madhesis to take part in talks aimed at resolving the unrest .
while the minority madhesi simmer over the constitution anti-indian sentiment among the rest of the population is growing .
effigies of narendra modi india 's prime minister have been burnt and nepal cable companies have stopped distributing indian channels .
the fuel shortage has also affected nepal 's tourist industry which is still struggling to recover from april 's devastating earthquake .
mine was in sonic the hedgehog up down left right a start '' .
i felt like a bad person after unlocking all of those levels ...
waving my hand over the screen does n't seem to work like it did on my moto x 2014 .
i 'm taking an intro autocad class currently and we 've gotten to the stage where we 're dimensioning parts .
i 'm highly confused because when i place a linear dimension from endpoint to end point i get 1.75 however when i do a measure distance i get 1.625 on the exact same end points .
i 'm thinking about picking up a 2ds over the 3ds for budgeting reasons and was hoping anyone with g rank or heaps of hours spent on a 2ds could let me know how the console withstood the punishment any compromise on the console itself like buttons not working properly ?
actually it can be either subjectively or objectively speaking now that i think about it .
you now can see the cards in the same language you have hs defined .
the ui has been improved to make it completely transparent without those ugly lines .
show cards in the same language hs is defined .
change order of deck cards to follow hearthstone standard .
add tooltips in arena tab to show enemy 's name .
cards in draw list follow deck 's color code .
bug fix arena background black on windows on transparent mode .
bug fix tavern brawl games with no standard heroes are now tracked .
bug fix draft title score should be white in transparency always mode .
if you have problems installing it or using it i 'm happy to help you on http www.reddit.com/r/arenatracker or on email arenatracker gmail.com
if the sperm and egg that make a baby are 100 percent human dna where do all the other living organisms inside our bodies come from ?
are they the same for everyone or do they vary from person to person ?
i graduated in may of this year with a b.s .
unfortunately i ended up with a low gpa and no internship experience .
i really want to find employment that uses my degree but i do n't know where i can apply to that wo n't pass me up for other applicants .
i do n't think my gpa is high enough to go into grad school .
i 'm also out of money and tired of school .
i 've thought about joining the military but i doubt that i would be able to make officer so that 's probably a waste of my education .
recently i 've thought about getting set up with an international internship via aiesec but i 'm not sure if it is worth it .
i 'm desperately tempted to buy an all-city nature boy but ca n't bring myself to .
it 's perfect in every way except for being single-speed something i have n't tried since my very first bike aged 8 i think .
my initial assumption has been that it would be fine at an average sorta pace but trying to go at any considerable speed would be kinda difficult as you 'd have to spin your legs like crazy without gears and similarly starting on difficult terrain or up a hill would also be near-impossible without gears .
hi this is my first post so here goes .
my code below is to expand my button however it expands the bottom of the button when i click on it .
i want the reverse i want the button to remain where it is which it does but expand at the top any ideas .
animate the button to 120 of it 's normal height .
i 'm going to try and keep this short and sweet .
i have a really good relationship with my current boyfriend .
he 's nice funny affectionate always keen/happy to see me .
we have a really good relationship i like to think and definitely the healthiest i 've experienced .
he does struggle with anxiety and depression of which i am more than happy to be there for him and help him through it .
he got dumped by his abusive ex nearly a year ago they went out for around 10 months and he has told me this guy constantly tries to get into contact with him whether that be via friends of friends facebook or text messages .
now this guy was fairly abusive to my boyfriend always belittling him and his appearance and saying pretty terrible things .
my boyfriend told me by the end of it his self-esteem and confidence was absolutely shot .
now first of all i 'm a little confused as to why you would stay in contact with such a person .
if someone abused me like the way he did i would block them from everything never respond and delete them out of my life essentially .
my boyfriend has said that that is what most people would do but he feels sorry for the guy and that he does n't hate anyone .
now around 3 months ago the ex was calling my boyfriends phone on a saturday night i was there and i 'm pretty sure he showed up outside his house .
the next day he told me that he has said to his ex that he does n't want to be in contact anymore out of respect for me .
now i would never tell someone who they can and ca n't talk to .
it made me feel pretty safe and secure with our relationship .
fast forward to the other day and my boyfriend tells me his ex has been in contact again asking if they can meet up for a drink and instead of ignoring his texts my boyfriend has replied and is making conversation .
he told me he has ignored any hints towards the question of meeting up .
now this upset me and kind of pissed me off a little bit .
am i right to be hurt by the fact that 3 months or so ago he told me he wo n't be in contact with his ex out of respect for me but is now back in contact and instead of ignoring any messages he is replying to them and continuing the conversation .
it 's not so much being in contact with the ex as much although that does piss me off a little bit but more that he has gone back on his word about cutting off contact out of respect for me .
do i have a right to be pissed off here ?
now i know most of you will say bring this up with you boyfriend .
i intend to in the next couple of days .
i just want to know that i have legit reason to be a little hurt by this ?
at the end of the day i 've been too fucked around in the past by relationships that i just have no time for bullshit anymore .
tl dr after my boyfriend 's ex was in constant contact with my boyfriend my boyfriend told him to not bother him as a sign of respect for me and being in a new relationship .
several months later the ex reaches out to him again asking to meet up for drinks and instead of ignoring him he keeps up communication and the conversation going .
do i have reason to be hurt or alarmed here ?
also i installed an app called film tv thinking it might be what im looking for but it wasnt and now i cant uninstall it ?
overpowered is a indie platformer that tells the short story of unnamed puny hero that with the help from master toh defeat the evil lord zenithius !
game was developed by askiisoft and is extremely hilarious !
check out more indie games through the below playlist !
so i just watched https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=2c3joivjsks funny as hell but i dont the name of the anime at 0:10 and i would like to know it seems to funny !
i 've already suffered alot from randoms russians polands and etc .
looking for mature people ranked between dmg-lem to play matchmaking with tactics and team-play .
played 2 games the first got massive lag spikes which cause me and another to be out of the match for 7 rounds .
the second had 1 person stuck spinning in circles .
im currently in an arena game my opponents turn is n't ending but i know we 're still connected to the game since he 's communicating with me through bm 's ... just really confused right now anyone who can explain ?
is he just making so his turn ca n't end so that i will eventually concede or is it a glitch ?
i used to backup to time machine wirelessly but after moving i wo n't have a chance to set up my time capsule in the same setup so i wanted to connect it through ethernet .
i figured since it has been more than two months since the last backup it would make more sense to backup over ethernet because wireless would take too long .
but when i connected the cable time machine now sees the backup as a different disk .
i chose the available disk as backup and now i't been preparing the backup for almost half an hour .
the start menu of resident rise is super laggy and takes a while before i can click anyone of the options of single player or multiplayer any way to make it less laggy in general .
where left wing extremists worship communism force out any opposition and place stalin as an amazing leader .
do n't bother arguing with them they 'll just claim you just see it from one perspective '' before banning you .
to be fair htc released their lollipop on time for the m8 .
i 'm pretty sure none of our politicians have had natural empathy for decades if ever ...
but the system sucks in every other sport too .
pretty much every where the rich clubs have all the best players .
did a recce run last weekend did it in an hour and fourteen mins .
if i can beat that tomorrow even by just a little bit i 'll be over the moon
this comment has been overwritten by an open source script to protect this user apos s privacy .
it was created to help protect users from doxing stalking and harassment .
if you would also like to protect yourself add the chrome extension tampermonkey https chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/tampermonkey/dhdgffkkebhmkfjojejmpbldmpobfkfo or the firefox extension greasemonkey https addons.mozilla.org/en-us/firefox/addon/greasemonkey and add this open source script https greasyfork.org/en/scripts/10380-reddit-overwrite .
then simply click on your username on reddit go to the comments tab scroll down as far as possibe hint use res http www.redditenhancementsuite.com and hit the new overwrite button at the top .
also please consider using voat.co https voat.co as an alternative to reddit as voat does not censor political content .
congrats i guess martha became popular all of a sudden or i just did n't know about it .
already got mata and aguero is against the leakier team .
and i feel mata is the more creative player .
if it 's just the chrome ones then i get those semi-frequently by themselves usually just a restart of either the router or the computer works if none of the other fixes works but i assume you 've already tried that .
if it 's the dns then i really do n't know anything about it first time i 've encountered it .
all i know how to do with that is run the command line i put in the edit or the other one i mentioned earlier regsvr32 dnsapi.dll '' or regsvr32 u dnsapi.dll '' then regsvr32 i dnsapi.dll '' .
if none of those work then you could try to download an online dll file for it but that could be risky .
and the appendix and tonsils are ridiculed as vestigial organs .
modern medicine if its broken drug it or cut it out .
i used a note 3 for a year or so and those 5.7 '' definitely did n't feel unwieldy .
the last few months i 've been using the sony xperia z ultra which has a 6.44 '' screen but it also really thin at 6.5 mm less than nearly all other phones out there .
one-handed use sure is n't easy but it 's possible .
i 'm quite happy with the size i use my phones two-handed most of the time anyway did it with both my note 3 and my 4.8 '' galaxy s3 .
my dream phone would be around 6.0 '' though .
i wish that the nexus 6 did n't have such shit battery life and that the 6p is n't 6.0 '' instead of 5.7 '' .
it 's just about mandatory to install pie controls though so you can go back/home/get the app switcher/alt-tab easily without having to move your hands to the bottom of the device .
really any device over 4.5 '' without pie controls is unwieldy as fuck and plain annoying to use .
i suggest using the lmt app it might require root though .
i run it on all my android devices and sold my ipad mini because i just could n't deal with having to move my hands just to go back .
probably up to 300 400 if i found something that i really wanted .
having looked at the contracts on offer i do n't think i 'd use it enough to warrant a plan i 'd mostly use it on wi-fi apps games podcasts make a few texts maybe 50 a month call rarely .
i 'd like to have a little bit of data to do things like check train times maps facebook messenger not facebook itself .
having had a simple phone and an ipod touch for many years thats now slowly dying i 've grown quite used to not being always connected all the time but would appreciate it when i need it .
the plans i 've looked at are vaya 's 18 a month plan and aldimobile 's weird right payg 'plan ' .
the cheaper the better i 'm open to ideas .
i said second hand because i 'm a bit of a greenie and if i can reduce my consumption of new resources then that 's great reduce reuse recycle and all that .
no i 'm saying it 's true and it provides relevant context .
you purposely worded your title in a way that omitted relevant information to further an agenda .
how is win 10 not more secure then previous win versions then ?
that would involve politicians that are directly in bed with chinese millionaires robertson clarke harper
in this particular case the article states that the waves in the area are 20-30 feet in height and the powerless ship is currently at the mercy of the waters . ''
i really think as others have pointed out that the difference is the futility of discussing an extension with boras .
i thought you were saying the part about your body burns calories '' was technically not true .
i was in singapore for uni and then vietnam/china for tefl .
these places are nice at the beginning but the corruption and poverty gets to you .
are n't the trees actually dead because we caused a nuclear winter and it did n't rain and then by the time it started raining again it was irradiated which killed anything not wiped out by the presumably quite long nuclear winter ?
i know that 's wrong generally but got ya back fellow skeptic .
lets destroy this currently at 43 up and 33 down .
in the uk the liberal democrats are considered dead centre .
sorry i prefer if it is na and 1st print but thanks for your offer !
definetly true and i do n't disagree with that .
but i think you take the term 'rule ' too literally .
it is meant to indicate that they tend to throw and upset a lot or atleast that is how i interpret it .
so you should take that into account when betting on them that they have compared to other high tier teams a slightly higher throw and upset possibility .
we own a 79 black trans am with t-tops https c1.staticflickr.com/3/2635/4166378296_dcee2183d6.jpg .
i love cars i love driving i love listening to classic rock on the radio while having cold wind blow in face .
it sounds stupid it makes me happy whenever i drive it .
it saw no play for the longest time because the cost was too steep to justify running in a much slower game but as the game got quicker and quicker players realized that it was an amazing card for interrupting tempo and defending against cards that create huge swings in momentum and advantage like dark hole and torrential tribute .
oh come now faker does n't need to trashtalk .
why would a god grace mere mortals by acknowledging their existence ?
i 'd jump on this and also recommend bands like title fight http youtu.be/tu9kggqxdyw and emery http youtu.be/l1odbu3hl9o
had to remove the dust effect though it looked more like odd stars ...
it takes an act of god and a blowie to get that .
i have had best friends and things do change .
some move away some decide you are gay and ridicule you middle school not surprising some overdose and die soon after high school some become alcoholics and you ca n't handle being around them anymore .
good thing i 've got practice making new best friends but honestly i 'm worried about what could happen if i find a new one ...
agility is a members skill which gives access to various shortcuts around runescape .
more shortcuts become accessible as one 's agility level increases .
a higher agility level also causes the player 's energy to recharge quicker naturally when resting and when listening to a musician '' http runescape.wikia.com/wiki/agility
yeah looks like cap is grabbing a handful of that iron cock upon first glance .
this so much anybody can do that and there is absolutely nothing heroic about it because it will bite you in the fucking ass !
you have to feel natural about whatever you are trying to learn/do/make because otherwise you wo n't even get shit done .
new friends will see you as weird and your writing will be shit if you do n't feel like you got all the time in the world .
and getting to that point is what 's really difficult but also the only real goal .
but i 'm talking about americas care free murder of civilians not specifically hospitals .
america has after all allegedly killed at least 20m civilians since ww2 http www.countercurrents.org/lucas240407.htm
and it 's care free bombings during the iraq war were disgraceful literally blowing people up just because they look like they have a weapon '' with soldiers laughing even when they 're blowing up children https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=5rxprfnu3g0 .
this is what it is to us soldiers it 's a game to see who can get the most kills so they can get bragging rights .
as far as i 'm concerned america is the real danger to world peace and a much large threat to everybody than russia or iran .
this is a country that basis it 's politics on freedom and claims to be the home of the brave while at the same time locking people up in a camp without trial for sometimes more than a decade where they are left to be tortured with advance interrogation techniques '' which apparently include shoving things into the arsehole of suspects .
america is the greatest threat to everybody since the nazis and the height of the soviet union and other people think this http www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-25496299
funny thing is americans support this thinking they 're safe because there is no way my own country would hurt me that is of course when your own country is n't experimenting on you spying on you or actually making plans to actively attack you in order to justify a war https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/operation_northwoods
its the two books boys will be boys and the boy a photographic essay .
they are legal per say but only in the techical sense .
they were made in the 60s by two convicted pedophiles and features naked little boys sometimes with erections running around in nature .
other pictures involves pictures from under nude boys climbing up hills and little boys licking icecreams suspiciously shaed like penises .
it passed as art in the naive 60s but if you 're a pedophile it possibly could have other functions too .
and these books were found in a locked cabinet in jacksons bedroom .
you basically told them to not talk about their religion so of course they banned you .
i go full defence so armor of light for the obnoxious melee enemies that like to get just a little too close .
still waiting for the red lightsaber from a daily heroic .
we ca n't ship him to china abbott stopped all the boats
same for me on eu leading your target is way more complex when you know that the ship you see is already 500m forward ...
you can alway just drop into 2nd gear and go that will get you to 50 or 60 easy .
i once left my z in 3rd and she took off just fine
aye 't is a shame that language dost changeth o'er timeth .
whence wouldst we be in twenty years without the w'rd garage ?
i own a powertig 185 and an imig 200 .
i am what i call a specialty fabricator '' .
i do a lot of different stuff but it 's not often super heavy duty stuff so these two machines are powerful enough .
my machines are multi process '' in that they will both stick weld .
but i 've heard the plasma combo machines are less reliable .
but again i do n't have any real experience with them .
i do enjoy the machines i have and i certainly could n't have afforded the same capabilities from miller .
they have allowed me to start a business ... ca n't complain .
aww man i 'm so glad you 're lovin it !
for your next set i 'd recommend not watching exactly 6 episodes that would end you on 41 which is generally agreed to be not as strong as the episodes around it .
that 's not even a word and i agree with ya .
holy shit that just became my second favorite rangers double play ever .
someone please watch the jre podcast with peter schiff and report back i ca n't bring myself to do it .
his ult already throws anyone caught in it out of position and sets up the rest of his kit .
they 're just so stinking cute and i always think that since they 're small it 'll be easy to finish them .
i have finished these http i.imgur.com/yap4tsb.jpg last month though so i 'm already making progress !
the only thing i liked was the body shop moisturizer go figure
for this project pan i 'm going to work through these http i.imgur.com/am9sxr0.jpg .
i travel once a month at least for work so the minis come in handy but i 've gotten to the point where i 've found one primer foundation powder etc that works so having several options is just overwhelming and it 's starting to feel wasteful .
the lipsticks http i.imgur.com/kmudz6l.jpg are getting down to the nubs and i 'm counting these 4 as 1 item .
the three bite mini pencils are also getting down to nubs so that 'll be item 2 .
5 maybelline concealer does n't quite match me but works well enough as an undereye concealer
6 primers mufe dr brandt benefit hourglass mufe is the only one i like or that i think works .
my skin is so dry right now and it 's been great at keeping my foundation looking nice .
7 tarte loose setting powder it works ok i want to try a different brand and maybe a pressed setting powder
8 laura geller highlighter in french vanilla it 's very subtle .
it 's got a bit of a dent now i 'd like to hit pan soon since it 's 2 years old .
9 organix mini shampoo i take it traveling i need to use a crap ton of conditioner with it so i would n't buy the full size .
10 boscia girl on the fly set it 's not economical to buy it like this but it 's so convenient when i fly that it 's worth it .
11 mascaras i have three unopened mascaras two full size one mini .
these will be well over six months old by the time january rolls around that i 'll have to toss them either way so i may as well try to use as much as i can .
12 body shop daily vit e moisturizer and pc foil packet my favorite moisturizer is body shop night vit e moisturizer the daily is n't moisturizing enough for me so i 'm going through it quick .
13 josie maran argan oil i love this for my hair .
i think her stuff is way overpriced though so i 'll probably get some similar oil from a health foods store when this runs out .
14 pc 1 retinol sampler and sunday riley luna night oil i got a prescription for retinol cream so i do n't think these are necessary anymore .
the luna oil is nice but not at all worth the full price .
15 glam glow face wash origins mask random foil samples i 'll try to use this traveling but as i 'm typing this out i 'm realizing how much traveling using different products may be the reason i 've been breaking out so damn much lately .
16 not pictured because i forgot to pull it out nars all day luminous foundation it matches me perfectly but since my skin has been a little weird lately it does n't sit as nicely anymore .
i 'll see how i feel about 15/14 in a week .
i 'm leaning towards tossing them and swapping in panning some eyeshadows and finishing 2 body butters .
so the idea behind not buzzing on just a mouthpiece is rooted in beginning trumpet .
the idea is that until the player really understands how to make a buzz they 'll do anything they can to make a sound with just the mouthpiece which is different to how it 'll play on a horn .
yep i doubt autist 4channers who dress up like the joker would have the social connections to buy black market weapons .
what they can do is grab one from their nra parents or go down to guns r us
spy is the most poorly designed role in the entire game .
first of all the mere possibility of a spy being in the game prevents the mafia from using any kind of strategy .
if the spy catches mafia they have no way out of it since spy can confirm themselves whenever .
at night they get a few people that they can add to the list of people that are n't mafia '' .
to top it all off they do n't lose their ability to read whispers and mafia chat while dead so combine a spy with a medium and mafia has no way of dealing with the threat .
if i was ever in a zombie apocalypse and i was held at gunpoint .
i would act completely like oscar when he got on the ground without fear and obeyed rick 's orders at the prison .
the cast would have been better with at least one inmate main character with a unique story background and evolution throughout the apocalypse .
this reminds me of what happened at my grandfather 's funeral .
the service was over and everyone was leaving the church and getting in their cars to proceed to the cemetery .
a car went by and started blowing their horn and we could hear a couple of people whooping and hollering and someone yelled congratulations ! ''
everyone kind of looked at each other trying to figure out why some idiot would behave like this at a funeral .
then someone realized one of my dad 's cousins you know the type the good time girl kind of floozy type acting woman who is always dressed rather flamboyantly and inappropriately was wearing this strange outfit which was all white and gauzy and billowy and had on this large white hat that actually looked like something you would wear at the beach wide floppy brim .
i guess they saw her and thought she was the bride '' .
it happens especially now that no one knows appropriate ways to dress for a funeral .
i tried growing an avocado it took just over 12 years for my first fruit then the bugs ate everything .
i sincerely hope you are not living over a sink hole .
holy shit.. for a moment i got excited thinking it was real..and then the data came up ...
it always took me a week or two at least to get back to normal .
i would get very fatigued after a few miles for that week or two .
it 's probably a good decision not to donate but do so after your season is over .
you can also consider donating just plasma or platelets because the recovery time is quicker .
value players i like toffoli good shot marleau/seabrook a little more expensive brouwer great on the dump and forecheck gaustad great 4th line center and pker and rnh a little weak for my liking .
flipping players do n't want to give too much of my strategy up but here are a couple tips when you click next page '' immediately click left a couple times before the page loads and it 'll take you to the end of the next page .
if you go to the 59th minute mark going to the place bid '' screen and backing out will refresh the page .
get comfortable with players in a certain price range or on a certain team or a certain position .
constantly refresh and when you see a good deal buy and re-sell at a lower price than any others on the market or hold if you think that player 's price will rise .
there are some tips on the side bar i believe .
i 'm telling your mom so you wo n't be subject to tr4sh anymore .
if it is n't available in the us where is it available ?
sporting goods stores walmarts and malls are the best places to have a shoot-out .
this just in absolut orient apple mixed with cranberry juice is a sloppy and epic orgy in a glass .
thank you kind customer for letting your child run wild in the store and be a general nuisance .
those bottles look better on the floor anyway who cares about safety hazards !
you ca n't usually hit enough damage with warrior and shaman has no reliable way to make the mana addict stick a turn .
rogue gets conceal and has lots of spells that add damage or cost little .
plus you ca n't go for the t6 gadgetzan mana addict which costs 0 after shadowstep coin/prep conceal drean without rogue .
we have to see that we all have a god sized hole in our hearts that needs to be filled .
i 'll fill your hole with something god sized .
on the other hand i know of people who have 4.5k solo and 5.4k party .
so you ca n't just go on generalizing things like no-one gives a shit about party mmr from just a couple of games .
albeit what you see popular streamers do is a small part of spectrum .
there are equivalent number of players tryharding to improve party mmr cuz guess what everyone is always ready to blame teammates for lost games in solo ranked but you get more control of the game when you 're playing with good friends of yours .
so to say griefers will always find excuses to throw and you ca n't blame the system for it cuz bottomline they do n't give a shit about winning .
they end up on another platter and then you run it back to the previous platter the next time you show it .
i was about to say this year will be another lucky world series win for the red sox but then i realized we are mathematically eliminated from the playoffs .
and automatically turns it 's self on if you uninstall disable your av
it 's funny when i first heard of rich proctologist i was disgusted by looking at his physique .
now i 'm disgusted at looking at his hellboy-like face .
i have n't seen nagiasu yet so this is a pleasant little surprise .
i love okada 's style and pa works ' animation work .
can anyone confirm if the dub is handled well ?
i 've been looking for a good dub to watch while i work on homework or while i 'm eating .
as long as it is a bachelors and you meet the prerequisites schools do n't seem to care .
whether a major gives a ba or a bs varies from school to school and really does n't tell admissions committees very much from what i can tell .
it never came up in any interviews that i had a ba rather than a bs .
i want to punch people in the face for saying far less offensive things than that .
a night with one of the nobles ' wives and a purse of gold .
that poor noble 's wife when the 8 foot tall 400 pound goliath wins the tournament
i 'm saying that c-51 did not change the definition of terrorism .
all that stuff that you seem to think has been included as terrorism '' is n't .
go verify yourself by spending a couple minutes reading over the criminal code .
at that age i would have been too afraid even to breathe much less move !
but then i would be uneven once my body is fully healed
marshmallow is n't coming to either the 2014 or the 2015 moto e .
do n't have anything crazy high end yet but i 've got 3 decent boxes .
he should n't even need weighted he should have plenty of regen on his gear .
i knew that it was filled with tools just didnt think they were this autistic .
con ti cunt so you are supposed to use contigo
con yo also cunt so you are supposed to use conmigo
i was playing in japan and global version but after the upgrade i could not finish the download and a mistake i lost my acc .
i gave up the global japan version is much more interesting do not regret .
the ndp have really been taking a beating lately .
first their budget then this leap manifesto '' although not supported by all ndp members the liberals and conservatives have used it against them and now the niqab issue .
it 's hard to believe that only about a month ago they were projected to form a majority or close to a majority government .
mulcair really needs to regroup if he wants to even get a pluralty of seats .
what you 're going to see during the leadership convention when harper leaves is the party tear itself apart and divide itself over the social conservative wing of the party and the fiscal conservative part of the party .
depending on which direction the party goes in many cpc supporters including myself may not be able to follow .
it is all written in danish so you are incorrect .
edit also if it were not the correction would be australia if you wanted to follow the pattern .
if he was given the money by others he would eventually come to own the entire planet .
that piece alone could last him years and years rather than buying a new hoodie every other year .
i used to be and still am interested in stuff like that but to ease the burden on my parents i just get inexpensive items from lower end retailers or h amp m pieces that i can purchase for myself .
it could be worse unless he 's expecting you to buy everything for him .
also i believe the hoodie you 're referring to is a raised by wolves one .
arming the ukrainians i could very much see in response though .
any chance of having a decent outcome there died when a sitting american president let a dictator thumb his nose at him with chemical weapons and did nothing in response .
i guess you are n't using reddit is fun ?
that 's fine right now we 're on killed by death .
that 's the latest sticky post for the rewatch .
on sunday at about 10am look for a post like the one above .
he would n't have trained as both warrior and mage at the same time and that was one of the reasons he trained so quickly .
what exactly about the way he threw made him at risk to get a tj ?
it 's an experimental zoom hack that the devs probably made .
hopefully they patch it into live but i doubt it
i have a .mymachine.mydomain.com and is very handy not having to get another certificate for each webapp that i install .
i actually get this slow loading for interiors and textures too .
i tried disabling window search and superfetch aswell but it did n't change anything on my performances .
how can i monitor what 's using my disk io ?
edit we actually have the same cpu/gpu could you tell me how did you parameter your game ?
indy has false starts all the time and redoes it .
as for nascar the starts just do n't have the intensity as restarts do as the race goes on .
early on drivers are more worried about keeping their stuff clean than about gaining position .
well if your little brother was born in 2000 he 'd be born before the turn as well sounds like he was n't though .
nah it 's still a torrent but you can torrent linux isos so it 's not like torrenting is inherently wrong .
data is data though so as long as you stay below any caps you have whatever isp you use probably wo n't care .
private trackers make it harder for the content owners/licensers ie riaa and mpaa to see that you are illegally downloading their shit .
with a normal torrent they can just download the torrent keep track of who they download from and then use legal methods to associate the ip address with a person .
the private trackers tries to make it harder for them to download the torrent file by only showing it to certain people instead of the entire internet .
it can work pretty well but if the mpaa gets an invite then the private tracker fails .
the vpn attempts to make it harder to associate the ip address with you the ip that shows up in the torrent is the vpns public one that gets shared by hundreds/thousands of concurrent users but that depends on the vpn not keeping logs of what user had what ip address when .
okay guess i 'll have to wait and see if it fits .
did you try on this sweater http www.uniqlo.com/au/store/men-sweat-long-sleeve-shirt-1613730001.html by the way ?
mouseover or click to view the metric conversion for this comment http fiddle.jshell.net/convertstometric/xhk4y5h5/show/light ? 220 20lbs 20 2099.8 20kg 0a 220 lbs 99.8 kg
yea but if you go with the late in to games argument kershaw was right there going just as deep if not deeper with more ip/start .
and he has the same amount of cg/so as arrieta .
for me it 's between greinke having potentially the 15th best whip in the history of baseball .
actually that 's it no one else 's performances compare in such a drastic tone compared to the history of baseball .
in oxygenos for the one oneplus forcefully capped the max jpeg quality somewhere around 85 so they might 've done something similar for the two .
in all honesty vlad is n't hard to pool off in that situation
okay whatever that is if someone does it i 'll support it .
i am not someone who is going to start charity drives because a i do n't want to come across as trying to be holier than the christians b i do n't do charity stuff in real life unless cornered so i do n't do it here .
but i will support basically anything someone wants to do as a drive .
i supported jhblancs mipfy thread i supported the whole idea of user stickies as opposed to mod-only stickies dandylion 's charity drive etc .
if other mods want to start stuff like that great .
but if users do i 'll support it from this end .
even out of combat they 're all highly useful .
make flash cards based on the practice test and burn through them whenever you can .
good luck and here 's hoping you join the brotherhood of beer snobs !
not grounding stp is worse than grounded stp but nowhere near as bad as utp .
could i have blacked it out of my memory ?
the mysterious tale-tampering entity is anything but fair or consistent .
the black ones with the white sole are solarsoft moccasins .
where in the hell are you paying 2.50 for a medium drink
if you already have an ice sage and good tanks fae works wonders .
oh well in that case we shouldnt do anything and just accept we 're going to have more mass shootings than we 've had days in the year from now on .
when the girl asks me to put on a ronald reagan mask .
actually the first couple of people who got the spindle did it on accident when looking for one of the orb things for that mission .
though there is some point to there being too many secret '' threads lately .
protip do n't use anymore than a quarter of a can of butane
i mean how else will the kings see a team that was in the playoffs last year so close to home ?
.. it looks like an evil kotl it reminds me i dont know who said jokingly that kotl was a crazy evil wizard and ck is just misunderstood trying to catch that crazy fuck
huffed a can of air and passed out at work ...
i do n't know why.. but seeing his son was so inspiring .
it really made me reflect on my own story and how lucky i am .
revenue is the total amount of money taken in whereas profit is the total revenue minus the total costs .
bans is n't the indicator for what your trying to prove .
also in large portions of spring lb was out of the meta and no longer banned .
if you watched those games lb was left open for a lot of games even with faker .
the idea of saving your best player is far more ridiculous than the claims of sandbagging and experimenting in lpl .
top tier player at any sport or any competitive level will never allow themselves to sit out for any reason especially not for an entire season including the finals of the playoffs .
there is no other logical reason to explain it other than the belief that ezyhoon is a better player at that given moment or fit the meta team better at that moment .
if you have n't watched legend rise documentary riot released i would recommend it at least the parts about faker anyway .
he was openly disappointed that he did n't play in the finals and even had salty and motivational comments in their victory interview .
the feeling of your team winning without you was not what he wanted .
he knew he was not performing up to his own standards and he had extra drive and motivation to be better .
so he improved and grabbed his starting position back naturally as a result .
basic story goes like this best player in the world was the best fall from grace for one split re-find his drive and become the best again almost like he was never gone .
they want you using their apps that phone home usage data and the carriers cut deals with people to preload their apps .
it being about security has got to be a joke because it would n't be that difficult to allow freedom to flash different rooms and such yet still maintain security .
your metabolism needs to get used to your new habits .
the more you used to smoke the faster your metabolism was used to being .
here is a picture of minor leagues lowrie butt !
be honest nobody really understands how force at a distance works.yeah we know bosons go back and forth between the masses but we really do n't get how that can pull objects towards each other .
plus the gravitational constant is one of the least well defined physical constants in the universe.it 's purely defined by empirical observation not by theoretical derivation .
monte also is a fan of the harlem globetrotters the irs aids forces of nature .
i never hear anyone bring up the knick but it 's really great .
i guess cinemax shows do n't really have a huge draw but it deserves way more interest than it has .
the cinematography is probably the best on tv too .
southern people are loud creatures they ca n't hold their opinion to themselves in public .
there is a stronger sense of social responsibility in the north .
i tipped hawthorn by 5 goals and thought that might 've been excessive ... if this keeps up it was completely conservative .
wait a journalists admits to his or her political leanings ?
i 've got to see a proof of that .
there is a lot of potential to add a more skill knowledge based element to gameplay that could make hacking more meaningful and strategic .
no you can still playing those games without xbox live gold if you did n't downloaded the free games of course you do n't have a free game .
if you have any right to another citizenship you are a second class citizen .
as far as how we get back ... well that 's easy .
this bill violates section 15 of the charter clearly and undeniably .
this bill will be challenged and struck down by the supreme court .
we are guaranteed equal protection before and under the law and full benefit of the law without discrimination based on national origin .
the problem with this bill is n't people getting exiled it 's the conservative party getting re-elected because of it .
that dude was pretty much me and i realized how bad ive hurt her .
fuck harper why is he trying to turn us into the us ?
i 've found it to be the complete opposite .
wow maybe if you did n't wan na be a fat fuck you should eat less and exercise instead of looking for shortcuts you lazy shit ''
dude calm down you can both eat less and also do this extra thing ''
do you have the official nintendo adapter or the mayflash 4 port adapter ?
if so dolphin has native support build in for those so no calibration is required in addition to just having practically the same response time as a gc/wii .
it only takes about 5 minutes to set up .
lets be honest 110 on a naked is pretty unbearable .
besides thats not what the cb1100 was designed to do .
spectacular and just what we all needed on a friday night !
the point i am trying to make is that no one is telling them to adopt it .
they are voluntarily part of the un and these are goals for other nations .
they need to be discussed even if they do n't like it .
they do n't have to adopt the measure but the discussion still needs to take place for the rest of the members .
it really takes a lot for the change in waist size to be even semi-permanent and it 's never completely permanent .
my waist goes back to its original size as soon as i take my corset off .
i do n't have any video but maybe soon !
i 'm just thinking in terms of doubling and spliting in half .
what if 8 was actually the number where we added a second digit .
now when we taking 100 dollars and splitting it 8 ways we get 12.5 .
if 8 was the new 10 100 split 8 was would be the new 10 .
8 units but easier when doing siple division and multiplication .
it makes my brain hurt to try to think this way but also fun
you spend the night watching an action flick and then go to bed .
in the morning you find a packet of oreos on your porch ! ''
feedback welcome at r/image_linker_bot disable https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=image_linker_bot subject=ignore 20request message=ignore 20me with ignore me '' via reply or pm
this is the first time i saw someone bring that up .
i think bicycles are considered vehicles and must have lighting if operated at night .
yourenotahorse um is that a reference to some guitar thing ?
well yes it is weird now that you mention it lol
i feel like the the h440 is the flashy in-your-face case that everyone does for first builds .
i might go with an r4 for a simpler look but the h440 is so blue .
i guess it depends on how long i 'm willing to wait for the h440 .
to measure f1 's effectiveness santander conducted an internal staff survey .
the results were surprising and revealed that 96 of its employees agreed that the sponsorship generated improved business results .
while there arent any hard numbers except that one it does make an interesting read .
i think the b2b aspect is very interesting and not one we 've or at least i considered here .
talks specifically about b2b sales directly as a result from f1 sponsorship .
if an item is worth 40 dollars you can just pay a player for it .
what they 're doing is making you farm crates to get the equivalent value items so that you can trade the other player and daybreak makes 40 dollars or more from your box farming .
i play the whole 8 hours at work if i can .
sometimes the occasional my computer is n't turning '' comes along .
also to point out i do n't really play at home .
i spend my after work hours going out reading being with my girlfriend etc .
just do n't have the motivation to play at home .
it 's amazing how many people think that theme is omnipresent and deeply integrated once it is about space or fantasy .
firstly f sf themes are fictional doh so you can actually mold the theme over the game mechanics by telling the story of your choice .
secondly sacrificing a culture point symbolized by a ionic capital to boot to imitate someone else 's action ?
you can just copy and past from one to another
winter because where i live it does n't get cold all the other seasons are just too hot .
its like ... you cant get very far if you have a beer gut chicks are like eww '' .
but if you work your ass off to get a 6 pack you cant show it off .
they dont want to date broke dude but if you have a pic of you with a nice car in front of your nice house thats unacceptable too .
try to show that you are a good person and you get labeled as a nice guy '' .
i hate to sound pessimistic but god fucking damn it .
its seriously hard to follow the rules of be attractive dont be unattractive '' if you have to hide the parts of you that are attractive and hope she just happens to notice them .
what does being a girl have to do with anything though
if you 're going to get a camera then just get the c920 .
you can adjust quality options in program anyway i have mine at 480p 30fps so really you 're going to be paying for a camera that has the potential to record 1080p 60fps which may or may not be something that you 'll look to do in the future .
then again i 'm not exactly known for my amazing decision making skills .
i 'm just gon na put the bottle down and go to sleep .
i may not know if things will be better tomorrow but at least i know there will be a tomorrow and that 's good enough .
eternal sunshine of the spotless mind 2004 http www.imdb.com/title ? eternal+sunshine+of+the+spotless+mind 282004 29
a man joel barish heartbroken that his girlfriend clementine underwent a procedure to erase him from her memory decides to do the same .
however as he watches his memories of her fade away he realizes that he still loves her and may be too late to correct his mistake .
eternal sunshine of the spotless mind was met with overwhelming acclaim earning a rotten tomatoes approval rating of 93 .
winslet 's and carrey 's performances were generally praised .
roger ebert commented despite jumping through the deliberately disorienting hoops of its story eternal sunshine has an emotional center and that 's what makes it work . ''
ebert later included the film in his great movies '' series .
similarly a. o. scott of the new york times praised the film for being cerebral formally and conceptually complicated dense with literary allusions and as unabashedly romantic as any movie you 'll ever see . ''
2004 academy award for best actress nominated best original screenplay
2004 golden globe award for best actor – motion picture musical or comedy nominated best actress – motion picture – musical or comedy nominated best motion picture – musical or comedy nominated best screenplay motion picture nominated
2005 bafta award for best actor in a leading role nominated best actress in a leading role nominated best direction nominated best editing best film nominated best original screenplay
more info at imdb http www.imdb.com/title ? eternal+sunshine+of+the+spotless+mind 282004 29 wikipedia https en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php ? curid=537024 rotten tomatoes http www.rottentomatoes.com/m/eternal_sunshine_of_the_spotless_mind netflix http movies.netflix.com/wimovie/60034545 freebase http www.freebase.com/en/eternal_sunshine_of_the_spotless_mind .
send me feedback https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fmovieguide subject=re 3a 20http 3a 2f 2fredd.it 2f3nblnn confidence 1.11 '' .
say you fucked up and apologize by giving the recipient the amount you charged .
i was on a high from getting positive feedback so i started reading some new scripts .
if i were n't black i would have been bright red at the time .
that guy has some very feminine handwriting so this checks out .
today he 's taking apart clocks and putting them in custom housings ... . years from now he 's making something new .
he 's got curiosity inside of him and he was proud enough to take it to school .
let 's not snub him because he 's not mcguyver .
looks like they could do with some higher quality dashcams .
so its a ban vs marin as i 've also been stating .
and why would faker or marin miss a barrel ?
and again faker plays anything not just small cooldowns lol .
that shit is gon na be great till one destroys the other .
shits gon na need a rome vs carthage salt the earth blow off match before that stops being fun .
i say this as an aussie so the weird superpower dick measuring thing is kinda funny to me funny as long as nukes are n't involved
i see what you 're saying but pp does n't receive federal funding for abortions .
so the thing an artist made wanting you to say 'wtf ' has made you say 'wtf ' .
what a fucking streak and at the best time too .
it 's all about the hottest team in the postseason and it 's looking hot right now
fair enough on phone so may have misread your original post about training costs of nhs staff .
that 's weird because i like to stream tv and movies and i like to play games too .
definitely try to avoid wb titles on release day and even wb films .
i get why they do it but i think it 's totally unnecessary and it fuels the next shooter .
i 'm not suggesting that we bury the story i 'm saying that we should n't make them famous .
report the story but concentrate on the victims and do n't let it get to the point where everyone knows their name .
the name itself is n't important information for the general public .
i want transparency in the media but the also have a responsibility to limit future problems of they can .
these shooters should know that their name will be forgotten .
the media has access to information that they should n't always be made known .
nowadays they would probably report a d-day invasion plan of they found out about it .
once again i do n't want to hide things like this from the public but i think there 's a middle ground where they could report the relevant information without making the asshole famous in the process .
do n't be so hard on yourself you could at least be a donkey
it 's no use to go back to yesterday because i was different person then.
quiet in between songs and sounded great to me .
being ok with being single is not the same as thinking you 're gon na be single your whole life thats just self depression for no reason lol .
being happy as a single is recognizing that you are becoming your best self being 21 and having been in a 7 year relationship i realize how easy it is to focus too much on relationships and never actually build a proper identity .
i was entirely co-dependent and after my breakup i had pretty much no idea who i was .
it was n't until being single for a year that i realized how much stronger i am as an independent how much of a gift it is being able to study and work every hour of the day .
being in a committed relationship that young kept me from working on the things that actually matter in life such as education intelligence building an identity creating a career .
relationships sap away time that could be productive and without even realizing it a lot of time gets wasted with netflix and leisure .
be independent be strong if you are n't ok with being single then you would n't yet be a good boyfriend .
boyfriends are not there to make anything better they are to enjoy being happy together .
and in these young years the most important thing in life is building a future not leisure .
become the best you build the best future you can and you will achieve a happy life .
there is no shame in being single when you are young just do n't waste any of that extra free time you are blessed with .
work hard on your future and save the leisure for when you become the best possible you and can enjoy leisure with a boyfriend .
i think your use of oscillating '' is perfect to instill a little imagery but also to hint at the nature of the problem described .
and your lines visually oscillate as well that 's a great touch .
since you can really only replace individual words to keep that structure if you were going to change anything my suggestion would be to start with the word vague '' with something that maybe connotes the reasons that the narrator says it might be easier to dissolve .
as a hunting horn main i abuse the r button on my 1 year old 2ds but it 's still holding on for now ... .
if all the people in the world just stopped committing theft and murder and if every country in the world just stopped going to war .
no this is the real world and that is never going to happen .
just like how people are not going to stop consuming and will not tolerate a drop in living standards just because some people believe that its better for the planet '' if we all just started living like wood elves .
since we 've already established that no one is ever going to drop everything and live in the woods because its more environmentally sustainable '' an actual solution would be technological innovation .
climate change is n't going to stop or even slow down even if every single human on earth just stopped driving cars the same can be said about a whole myriad of future environmental issues .
real solutions involve our very human ability to invent our way out of problems .
geoengineering terraforming space colonization advanced gmo crops renewable energy sources desalination plants those are solutions .
secondly not only are malthusian catastrophe and the other myriad of population pseudo scientific theories incorrect they also offend me on a philosophical level .
i believe the infinite potential for human innovation and expansion is the very defining trait that makes our species great .
when faced with a problem like crossing a river we do n't just give up and live on our side we build a bridge and start claiming the other side .
i 'm sorry but doctors should not be in the middle of a warzone or next door to a terrorist camp .
the artist screwed up the lips so badly it made her look like she bit down on a red hot piece of metal .
the thing which makes it horrifying is that the rest of the makeup '' is prefect ...
artist explained it as oh yeah lips just do that for a bit after tattooing .
it will be cool in a week or so when the bleeding and swelling stops . ''
no idea if she 's going to get it fixed at another place .
you can define things this way but then you 're clearly not talking about the same queen victoria '' who was the queen of england at the turn of last century .
i ca n't see that such a definition is a conclusion it 's just pointing out when the term god '' applies .
btw while i was looking over my last post in agg i saw it was you i said it to !
so that's why you thought i deserved to be banned .
i was wondering why you seemed aware of me .
still surprised i got perma-banned with all the posters there who routinely break the rules in more flagrant fashions but that 's how it goes sometimes when you 've got shit moderation .
you see if the muslim kid is all in some elaborate overly complicated conspiracy where a young kid putting a clock into a clock case sized dollar store pencil case is all a ruse to get him arrested and interrogated for hours and then made famous .
then it 's actually normal white people who do n't get that privilege who are the real victims in all of this !
let me explain why he is actually evil and how whites could never get away with this !
i guess i can see how that works but i feel like that would if anything just make the planet a bit warmer and nothing else
it is n't their fault that shitlords use them to be transphobic unless they 're being transphobic themselves .
i wonder if they realise that a not-insignificant amounts of television programming is made with people watching with divided attention in mind .
ever wonder why so many networks rebroadcast the same shit at the same times in a more-or-less loop ?
it 's because it 's background noise and non-challenging content people put on while they 're fucking around with their phones/tablets .
cbc does some stuff i do n't like and i rarely watch it or listen to it but it needs to be there .
any capitalist media company in canada complaining about the cbc does n't have your best interest at heart .
which is interesting as i believe it 's currently the most selective school in the nation .
i 've seen a surprising number of reservoir dogs throughout my area .
prussia or whatever that blob is in eastern germany .
radiation corrosive and blast damage at 100 status chance .
the button to do this is under your original post at the top .
yeah i 'm horrible with words and putting my thoughts into words so sorry about that .
it is indeed a male crevice weaver and you wo n't find reclusa in your location .
nope god is possible never said we know for certain he does n't exist and neither did hawking .
god is one of many possibilities the other possibilities make god unnecessary .
god also has no evidence supporting his existence which is not the case for example for quantum fluctuations we know those exist and that it would be possible for them to cause a big bang type event therefore they are infinitely more likely than something that has no evidence supporting it whatsoever .
therefore while god is a possibility it is unnecessary to invoke him to explain the universe .
the giants won twice with eli catching lightning in a bottle .
as much as i like him for beating the pats he is not an elite qb .
he 's solid and does n't turn the ball over like a dickhead unless it 's second and one on the goal line in the superbowl .
basically snuck into the playoffs each year and played way above their talent level when they got there .
i honestly would have just gone for all the cadbury stuff .
if not then there 's two new champions already .
in a manner which was rejected by the leadership of course .
and it 's not like this was intended to be a method of execution just a poorly implemented resettlement plan .
and as the other comment says they would have rejected the opportunity to become equal and free members of the proletariat hence their forced resettlement .
i think warmind might have a black spindle-esque offshoot and the yellow pillars in there would prove it .
as someone that owns a rival well did at one point ... it 's at their warehouse for rma and has been 30 days dont .
i like minor chords voiced with space in the bass and a few clusters .
stay tuned for their next prodcuts cocaine goggles '' goggles tinted white lsdgoggles goggles with little yellow happy faces painted on them and idiotrepublican goggles with rose-coloured lenses .
eden is terrific as tank as well as being easy to superb and sammy at full potential exceeds her while you do n't really need tanks on other positions .
as a stealer anael or milky is much better .
in front luka is fine bit like i said silla nari/renee/elaine are more popular choices .
i walk him across the tarmac from one end of the airport to where the c130 is .
i kick him in the ass the entire way .
we 're now putting you on a c130 to deliver your fucking ass right back to where you came from .
if you are stupid enough to return here on the way to finding heaven we 're taking you back again but this time we 'll open the hatch mid-flight and kick your ass out of the plane into the ocean .
i just show him that in the civilised world it 's just not acceptable to 'go to heaven ' like some childish fantasy and take people along with him .
because the people they want to take along did n't want to go yet .
but no i kick the asshole in the ass a bit and i tell him he should not come back .
obviously i 'm the asshole in the equation not the scum sucking scuzzball for wanting to blow up a lot of people you know it could be your brother your sister your mom your dad your friend only because he is too goddamned stupid that he does n't know what to do with his life that has any value .
clearly i 'm wrong again clearly it 's my moral compass that 's off .
if you 're a frequent customer i say yes but if you only go occasionally i would n't go out of my way to try to reach gold level
if you are in europe you can still buy the game at a generous price at gameseek.co.uk
there are instances where one can be better than the other he would be in the best position to tell you why he did n't do it i personally would always try to do it if i 'm in a position where i can but then again my lee sin is n't the best
lupin the third is quite an old anime series and the first voice actor of lupin yasuo yamada has already passed away .
the charactor was so popular at that time and his voice was so unique that some comedians were doing impersonation of him .
kanichi kurita was one of those comedians and took over the role of lupin after yamada 's death .
that 's the reason why lupin is his only role .
brb need to vomit due to your choice of font .
i brought this up to her in the conversation after my long text and she said that it was just because she knows both of us so i guess she expects it to be coming from both sides or something .
she recently started dating my other friend 's ex from a long time ago they are friends now and i asked her how she would feel if the other friend did to her what she 's doing to me .
maybe a low blow but i thought it would make her understand .
she backpedaled a little bit but held strong to her objection .
that 's not the only place you see it .
i forget the characters name but the dude that was chillin ' on the highway with dale and got his arm cut open found a pack of morley 'reds ' .
some other crossovers i 've found are we all know andrea was on the xfiles but so was carrol 's abusive husband ed as well as herschel and dale .
keep your fat intake high and protien levels reasonable .
this will at least make sure your not hungry once you beat that day where you craving carbs then now your on control .
http www.elitefts.com/spud-inc-econo-tricep-and-lat-pulley.html is where i got mine ... 68 now if they come back in stock during the current sale but it 's been as cheap as 57 .
you maybe got the same thing but rogue does n't have as many sales .
i tried lol a couple of times but i could n't do it .
i do n't enjoy learning new game mechanics in an rpg format the amount of hours i sunk into diablo and starcraft .
i do n't have the patience to try and learn all the ins and outs .
it was like when doya 2 beta launched i was like fuck that '' and carried on with team fortress 2 .
does anyone still actually believe the whole karma is real '' bullshit ?
karma is real '' and everything happens for a reason '' are things weak people tell themselves to feel less shitty about things .
the mod seems to count actual numbers though not the internal ones that trigger the issue seeing as bulldozed roads were correctly deducted from the counter but i still hit the 30k limit with just 7k of active roads placed .
i work with a lot of wealthy people and get to see a lot of where their wealth comes from .
it 's almost always because of one of these three reasons
started a successful business and sold it or have an interest in successful partnership/s-corp
inherited money from someone who did real estate or started a business
how many pay is kinda important to know if it 's ev .
it 's not that crazy an idea to assume there 's a group posting the same time .
some of the usernames were the same both times .
just because he has clearance to eat solids does n't mean to stop with breastmilk if you do that .
their system ca n't just handle everything all at once .
if you qualify for wic i would suggest getting the baby food that they provide .
there is a website that lists the healthiest brands and flavors .
i love the way your skin feels oh god this is hot ''
... is the way you tell her she 's beautiful while wearing a blindfold .
i would n't know anything about it if it were n't for this sub .
it 's kind of like an inside joke between me and r/orlando since i 'm not from the area .
your daughter looks like the sassiest little girl i 've ever seen perfect for hilary !
i 'm surprised that given how much i love everything about the stock rear of the fd i have absolutely no problem with this baby 's tail .
although i do have to ask why is literally every decal/sticker i can see on the side of the car with the single exception of that red and yellow sunoco one reversed reading right to left ?
should n't be but its honestly the case with pretty much all the heavy weapons .
it 's why people spend supers just to get some heavy ammo .
i 'd rather use a machine gun than go into stormtrance .
i 'd rather have a good rocket launcher over a nova bomb .
went down to the beach for the weekend and i thought i would try out my new lens !
the light pollution is pretty bad where the photos were taken but i 'm pleased with the amount of detail i could pull out for just single exposures .
there was also loads of sea spray which definitely did n't help .
the full video of the timelapse is uploaded here .
https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=beqxrjkfzyu and a panorama of the scene is here .
the true test for the lens will come when i head out to a proper dark site with my mount .
processing raw conversion in lightroom contrast and exposure adjusted then compiled with ffmpeg .
here the link to the skitching https youtu.be/bff8gsf5yog ? t=556
as a former skater when i was younger i can tell you this chasing the kids around like this only gives them incentive to do it again .
best thing to do would be to slow down to a stop and say nothing to them .
that is very boring for them and they will move on to something more exciting .
he has made a few saves so far he will get some bonus points if it stays the same
candice has said before that he is either all junk food or extreme healthy food .
like he 'll just eat garbage for a week and then only drink vegan raw smoothies and nothing else for three days .
he 's on either end of the spectrum but rarely in the middle .
ashamed to admit i actually have n't played any game of the series .
if you do n't go crazy on eating out and nightlife i 'd say you 'll be comfortable enough .
yes it would show you have no fear of them .
it could also be seen as a challenge or a slap in the face to their pride .
if you are gon na do this you better be ready .
id worry less about them being water logged and more about the fact theyre dodges
so if you drop your phone its protected from damage .
so in order to protect myself from getting rightfully '' raped i owe sex and or a relationship to every single person that 's interested in me ?
buried face down with his tiny dick castrated and shoved up his own ass .
no coffin just dirt thrown on top of him .
guys like this have a million reasons to want 20 tickets and we 're getting half the story .
foster bought tickets to give to his local charitable foundation .
alaäänet on työkaluja siinä missä ylä-äänetkin sä et palauta vasaraa kauppaan jos sä lyöt ittees sillä sormeen .
yeah russia we are condemning you for the things that we usually do .
i also want to respect saudi arabia for making some time for this condemnation even though they are so busy with bombing weddings .
yeah i just started my nerfin endeavor 6 months ago !
come on every body let 's do the hydro dip !
same here but there are people who use the mouse with their left hand .
marvel.com could not be more excited to see the agents of s.h.i.e.l.d .
hs park daisy johnson phil coulson deathlok lincoln campbell and lady sif will join marvel future fight as playable characters .
since bobbi morse—aka mockingbird—is already in the game she is getting a costume update .
also there are more characters that are not mentioned above but will join the game as npcs most notably melinda may fitz and of course jemma simmons who like in the original future fight story is deeply involved in the new chapters ' plot .
marvel.com are we also going to see new bosses from the show making appearances in the game ?
hs park yes two very unique villains gordon and raina will join the game as bosses .
everything i play runs just fine and the system runs very smoothly for me .
and it boots up for me in 30 seconds instead of 3 1/2 minutes .
i did go in and ratchet down a lots of the privacy stuff though .
my husband and i have this problem only he 's the commentor .
i work at a hotel which serves meals so i usually just eat there and have some cereal or something at home .
if he has any reciepe or whatever that he wants to try promise to stay out of the kitchen altogether while he cooks it .
and when it 's done do n't say anything but this is delicious '' and i love this thank you so much '' .
certainly not this is too bland '' you chopped this too fine i ca n't tell it 's in there '' or could use more soy sauce ''
the day i went into labour the intensity of protectiveness went into overdrive .
yours may not do that but definitely watch for it .
he 's impressively huge but they should have but him in a mask to wrestle in because he has a sweet teddy bear face .
i need a plug to connect a dummy battery in the flash to a 6v lead-acid battery .
given the probability of strain and numerous insertion cycles i 'd rather have something a bit more rugged than the popular jst or deans connectors and found in panel-mount format .
the death count is around 10 and yes this was an american bombing .
i 'm not a cena hater myself but i know several people who genuinely despise him and hate the way he wrestles .
can someone tell me if ios maps are much better in its current state ?
i 've been using google maps ever since the huge ios map flop a few years ago and i just wanted to know if the current version is stable enough
everything seems great to me except for strength being changed to a global power skill .
a power skill would be an automatic must-have skill it would be stupid for anyone to not level it up .
it would seem to favor range/magic considering both range and magic already increase your respective damage with each level not to mention the benefit of power vs. magic/range levels could be confusing .
melee equipment that once required strength '' to wield now just requires power '' which even mages now have ?
power in general as a skill just does n't make sense .
the power '' of someone who swings a weapon the power '' of a casters spell .
like i mentioned before range/magic are already a measure of power for these skills on their own .
robs melee of what has always been the primary skill that melee and its effectiveness revolves around .
as it is now strength is the measure of melee damage magic the measure of magic damage range the measure of range damage so if any skill were to be made global it should be attack renamed to accuracy/expertise and rather than increase damage for melee/mage/range it would simply increase accuracy for all combat styles and would be representative of an individuals proficiency with a sword/bow/spell .
this would make attack accuracy/expertise a good skill for all classes but not necessarily a must-have .
for example you could build a character that was less accurate/higher damage or more accurate/lower damage depending on the ratio of accuracy combat skill str/mag/rng
the current use of attack in allowing the use of different melee weapon tiers would then change to apply to all weapons for every form of combat ie .
i just fought a cmdr in a viper he had no shieldcells but as soon as his shields started dropping they re-charged just like they do when you are you are flying with scb 's ...
is this a known hack or a new one ?
would be nice what others say about it ... i also have video evidence wich i will upload later .
i know that at some point in the past one was able to get 140 packs for about 90 bucks with amazon coins so now i 'm thinking maybe i should wait for some similar kind of promotion soon ?
wouldnt it be awesome if valve would release the active duty versions by night in the operation ?
they could also add stickers that are glowing in the dark ლ ́◉◞౪◟◉‵ლ
edit2 like most of you said flashlights and night vision toggles would be a gread feature of it .
the mission structure would also be more varying and it wouldnt be as boring as the last operation .
also community night maps that arent in the active duty could be added and everyone could choose between a mission for a active duty night mm and a night mm on a new map .
i 'm looking for a key to check out the game where can i find one ?
what do i do in cache bloodfire village or any other cache mission ?
if i were prepared to relocate to any country to manage at any club how would i facilitate that ?
if you use 2048 http www.2084.org/dragonvale/breeding-sandbox on the combo finder and select aurora as your target then it lists the highest chance as snowy bronze .
lots of other combinations of dragons seem to offer the exact same set of breeding possibilities but they are given a lower target '' by the website .
i was wondering if there was any data behind this or if it was just a bug in the way the website calculates the chances ?
there have been many videos on youtube recently about free content and how it is generally considered good for the community .
criss said in his video about using posters and billboards in the environment to advertise this has been done and worked well in many ea games before generating income that helps to pay for the development required .
i say why not take it one step further and add branding to many objects.. castrol oil drums.. pallets of boxes could contain products from a sponsor.. parked cars could be actual models from a manufacturer etc.. and if coca cola or one of their competitors does n't want to pay to brand cans and bottles create a dice cola skin for when that kind of item does n't have a sponsor .
i 'm looking at investing in a bike or potentially an electric bike to avoid the ridiculous traffic from lower hutt to the city .
can anyone who has experience with this recommend what bike would be best for this ?
for example has anyone done this on a hybrid bike or at least a road bike without drop bars ?
and who has tried one of those ultra-hipster-but-been-around-in-asia-for-yonks electronic bikes ?
would you recommend these and how much did it cost you ?
any help is great maybe a short description of what they 're about too !
ok so for this skin when geb rolls out he turns into a speedboat and loudly exclaims gone fishin ! ''
he wears a hat with lures in it and flying fish go around him instead of birds
what are the best tactics to employ in a match with the following rules
each goal you score eliminates a player from the opposing team
the team with more players left after 10 minutes wins .
how to determine who from your team exits first if you concede ?
how to pre-determine different player positions as well as formations/approaches based on who scores first second third ... etc .
let 's see what ideas you can come up with .
looking for 5 to help beat raid for first time .
let the cats loose in an infested house press the button when they 've done the job .
has anyone got any recommendations of good places to pickup a decommissioned firearm ?
i was hoping to maybe buy a sten or bren gun ww2 era basically to have on display .
i 'm extremely sexually promiscuous dont care who i fuck as i long as i get to fuck someone .
i 'm about 5'11 curvy and covered in tattoos when i say curvy i mean curvy not overweight .
i have deep brown eyes brown hair and a cocky attitude .
i 'm the full package literally i have a 7 inch cock and balls !
let 's create a scene in which i fuck you or we have some sort of sexual relationship together !
i only do futas with cock and balls cock and pussies do not fly sorry
2 of us i 'm a 294 warlock other is a 291 hunter .
anyone willing to start a group with us would be great or we 'll take an invite to a group .
new or experienced is cool with us just looking to get the run at least to a golgoroth kill but a clear would be dope .
we 've watched videos and such but have n't been in the raid yet .
i live in northeast china and winters average out at 25°c .
i 've gotten down to about two bags and a bit and would like to see what other weirdos who like cold climates have got in their bags .
i guess i 'll add my average winter setup to the mix as well
patagonia torrentshell good for trapping heat especially if there is biting wind
naked famous selvedge denim if i 'm walking 5 min to work do n't wear jeans hiking
if i 'm outdoors for a while i wear my craghoppers hiking trousers with mián kù 棉裤 which are a special thickly padded long underwear they make here .
anyone ever manage to go completely one bag in a cold location ?
it 's not really my goal right now personally but i am curious .
suddenly my wifi was disabled and it was not allowing me to enabled it back .
barton 's blog revealed issue with kernel panic http bartongeorge.net/2015/09/01/kernel-panics-when-switching-wireless-networks-xps-13-developer-edition-9343
still i 'm not able to enable back wifi .
literally the only thing that gets me out of bed is my own body aching or if i need to take a piss .
if i never needed to evacuate waste eat/drink or if my did n't ache after laying down for over 14 hours i could sleep for weeks .
then again i go through bouts of insomnia to hypersomnia every 2 weeks ...
is juan aguilar supposed to be a loose reference to pablo escobar ?
there are similarities aside from the columbian cocaine connection .
both were imprisoned but remained in charge of running their empire from behind prison bars .
i just finished narcos and also a rewatch of barlet 's third state of the union and the war at home and it just reminded me of pablo .
i just bought a pair of adidas ultra boosts from the road runner sports website and i just wanted to make sure they were legit .
any one ever shop with them or heard anything about them ?
i 'm actually surprised that we do n't see more of this in the fantasy genre .
in one of my world 's countries there is only one society that allows for marriage to multiple partners .
anyone else wondering why this is n't used more often in fantasy ?
if you know the raid know the fights and have the light level/weapons/good attitude to help out psn below !
2 of us are experienced 3 are noobs 290 ... but never been in kf
i need another partner who loves when things get extremely kinky .
forced tentacles inter species most any dirty fantasy you have i 'd be more than happy help you act out .
however i do have some limits which are no vore scat or underage .
other than those three things if it 's a fetish with a following i 'll more than likely be willing to act it out with you .
•you 're a girl who 's down on her luck up to her eyes in debt and need money fast .
out of desperation you post an ad on craigslist saying you 'll move in and be somebody 's sex pet if they 'll help you with your situation .
•a pretty girl who 's in the wrong neighborhood at night out of nowhere you 're pulled away to who knows what carnal nightmare .
• or even as simple as a professor/student who need some and you have the perfect arrangement in mind to give both participants what they want most .
neko sissification humiliation and whatever else your perverted heart desires !
pm me and we 'll see what we can come up with together .
there 's a totalwine nearby with a decent selection http www.totalwine.com
any game that was really close/action-packed or had crazy champ lineups ?
i 'm 20 and i do n't have my own bank account yet but i think i 'm going to be forced into making one because my school is sending me a paper check with a refund for the classes i dropped earlier this semester .
they have a program by which they issue debit cards to students but due to some circumstances they chose to send me a check that should be reaching my apartment in a few days .
i want to at least put a small sum of it into a debit card and cash another small portion of it out but i 'm not sure of even which bank i ought to head off to to set up an account with or if i should stick with the services my school gives me and try to set up a card with them assuming it 's possible .
i read the name of the wind and the wise man 's fear .
also are there any other books set in this world ?
i am working directly from an external hard drive so none of the original files are on my actual computer or are they somewhere ?
i ca n't find any setting in the lightroom preferences that indicates where my edits automatically are stored .
are they just stored in the program itself until i export them to an actual file on my computer ?
never have used lightroom before this have always stuck to just photoshop .
similarly if i disconnect my external hard drive from my computer will i lose all the edits i made and have to start over ?
the title does n't explain much so here we go .
at the end of last year my closest friend let 's call her 'maggie ' and i had a proper 'friendship-ending ' argument .
there was a lot going on at the time not just between us but with our entire group of friends .
she was really one of the best things that happened to me for a while .
she motivated me through losing weight and getting healthy doing well at uni working on my self-confidence .
one of the best friends someone could have and i really felt lucky to have her in my life .
maggie and i had been having pretty horrific arguments for months and for some pretty stupid reasons .
what generally happened is that i did something 'wrong ' and then she gave me the cold shoulder and i felt pretty miserable i 'd feel like crap and then apologize for what i 'd allegedly done .
for example i went to a meeting for a sports team i played for that was on the other side of town quite an important one as it was related to the future of our club and just after i got there she called me upset that a safe she had had been broken into and some stuff stolen .
she was upset and i told her that i 'd leave the meeting asap and head home but since it had taken 45 mins of driving time to get there i 'd have to hang around for a little bit to talk to the guys before heading home .
i got back around an hour later to the greeting of her screaming at me for 'not caring ' and 'prioritising ' other things in my life before her .
obviously i 'did not care ' about our friendship would only talk without ever backing it up .
this really hurt me quite deep down as she had been the one who talked me through my insecurities on this very topic before and knew that it was something i really prided myself on .
because i felt so incredibly guilty i skipped the next few days of my uni classes a big deal for me as i had just begun a new degree after almost being kicked out of my previous one due to a number of failures and poor marks and was trying to give it 110 to go looking at pawn shops around the city to try and find her stolen jewellery .
we did n't find anything but at least she partially forgave me but in my mind i still had a lot to make up for .
what really complicated the whole situation was our previous housemate jack who had somewhere along the way fallen in love with maggie and was very jealous of our friendship .
it was also a massive secret for some reason and led to months of the two of them constantly lying to me to cover up what was going on .
what was ironic is that when i initially noticed some things i asked them if they were together hell i was supportive !
but when both categorically stated 'no ' to my face i trusted them and went along with it .
this really was n't a healthy relationship though and manifested itself in the worst way possible jack became properly obsessed with maggie .
i found myself in a very strange situation when we were around other people as all of a sudden jack would be very aggressive towards me which culminated in a night when a large group of us had gone for drinks and then out for food .
i have no idea what prompted this as all i 'd done prior to that was notice that the two of them had fallen behind when we were deciding where to go next and as soon as i got up to them he just turned around and shoved me .
now this guy was an avid gym bloke had a couple of inches of height on me and was easily many times stronger than me .
and in that moment i was terrified of him .
i just immediately left the group and caught the first taxi i could .
i just wanted to go to sleep and figure it out in the morning .
unfortunately 20 minutes after i got home maggie arrived too slamming my door open to yell at me .
i 'd 'abandoned ' her in the middle of the city never mind that she was with a group of about 10 people and jack and she deserved better than that .
this was after midnight mind you and she was absolutely screaming .
her main threat was that 'fuck you if you 're going to treat me like this then we 're over .
uncomfortable spending any great length of time at home i started spending extra time at uni with my new friends and this was actually great !
i felt trapped at the house but on the flip side i was actually studying hard and getting to properly know a great bunch of people .
around the end of august just after a tutorial had finished one of my new friends collapsed and started seizing .
there were no staff members around but my mate and i reacted .
we both had first aid training and were trying to get him into the recovery position whilst on the phone to 000 .
another friend was clearing some space in the room and had then run off to get a member of staff .
most of what happened is quite blurry in my mind .
the general gist though is that between the two of us my mate and i performed cpr on our friend for about 20 minutes until the paramedics arrived they spent another half hour stabilising him before taking him to the nearest hospital .
he spent 3 days in a medically-induced coma before coming out of it and actually made a full recovery eventually .
the main reason i mention this is because of my mindset at the time .
this was a perfectly healthy guy of 21 who had almost died in my arms for pretty much no apparent reason .
it was really scary and all i wanted to do was talk to someone i cared about and who i knew cared for me .
however maggie was still angry at me from that previous fight and just ignored me and it really twisted the knife that much further .
she eventually whilst high came by later to talk to me but just as that was about to start jack came and they started having their own argument .
the next morning was back to that same indifference and i remember just being in this pit of despair .
thankfully like i said above my mate came out of his coma a few days later so that really helped calm some of my demons .
the next few weeks i spent a lot of time at the hospital or at uni just hanging out with this group of us who had become much closer because of this one event .
i just ate breakfast and slept at home and that was it .
probably would have continued in this vein until i received a message one morning in september from a mutual friend of maggie jack and i .
the night before j had presented maggie with his suicide letter and was going back to where he lived to kill himself .
she had to beg for him to stay just the night he had even gotten physical with her at one point and had just managed to keep him at the house .
in that instant i decided that whatever was going on in my relationship with maggie was irrelevant this guy needed help .
it took the both of us talking to him for hours getting some other friends to come and talk to him as well as calling a suicide hotline to get him some professional we were way out of our depth help before we felt the immediate danger had passed .
and at that point i just made a blanket apology and our friendship picked up where it left off .
in hindsight that was not the smartest thing to do but i really was n't in the greatest state of mind .
oh yea through all of this i had n't told my parents living overseas anything and was internalising a lot of my problems .
anyway jack started seeing a psychiatrist and was diagnosed with chronic depression but once he accepted he was having problems it was going alright for a while .
the psych had also told him explicitly that his obsessive relationship with maggie was extremely unhealthy .
however given how dependant he was on her at this point completely cutting them off from each other was n't the best idea and it was a bit strained for a while .
just under a year ago today mid-october jack 's closest friend and a good friend to pretty much our entire group of friends was killed in a violent incident .
combined with the crappy couple of months i was really struggling .
at least at this point i started talking to my parents and brother who also knew our deceased friend quite well and was seeing a psychologist myself .
maggie and jack were back to spending almost every moment with each other and given how close he came to being back on that suicidal path none of us even questioned it .
everyone slowly started to put their life back together and jack decided to take a 2 month trip to africa something maggie had done so he wanted to do the same and in the lead up to that he seemed pretty good .
i was able to hold myself together until he got on the plane mid-november and will admit i heaved a huge sigh of relief when he went .
whatever he and maggie were going to do about their relationship none of us knew but it was n't my problem anymore .
i was looking forward to a summer australia of relaxing enjoying living with maggie and our other housemates until our lease ended on the share house visiting maggie 's mum and having fun .
i was moving into a new house my parents owned with my brother soon so that was going to be fun too .
in case you did n't guess already things did n't quite turn out that way .
another close friend of ours david had also been pretty badly affected by our friend 's passing .
he was a close confidant of mine throughout all the problems with maggie was living by himself at the time and really struggling so with everything happening he spent a lot of time with us .
it was actually really interesting he and maggie were very close .
but hey both of them said nothing was going on they were my best male and female friends respectively i could trust them .
everybody else as saying something had to be happening but i was wholly backing them after all they said so to my face .
when the truth actually came out it was finally the straw that broke the camel 's back .
i think a lot of people thought that i was in love with maggie myself and was jealous but truly that did n't even register with me .
i loved her in the way you love family but after everything that had been happening those last few months i just felt so utterly betrayed .
cue a shouting match out in public where she told me 'i 'm sick of the way you treat me that 's it .
i 'm moving out next week and you will never see me again i hope you 're happy '
as you can probably imagine i did n't take this very well .
i was pretty much inconsolable that night as my younger brother 19 shepherded me to our new place and put me to bed .
not knowing quite what to do when confronted with this he ended up calling our parents and talking to them about everything .
the next morning not knowing that my brother had spoken to our parents at all i went to see maggie and fell to my knees apologising for the way i 'd acted .
she really laid into me saying how i 'd obviously stopped caring about our friendship now that i had a new house to live in and was ruining the last weeks of us living together .
i begged and promised everything and anything and she again forgave me .
after hearing about what had been going on the last few months they basically said this i was in danger of being obsessed with maggie myself and since there were no real obligations for me i should fly out to them and spend some time just figuring myself out .
i really did n't want to do this and was really against it tbh .
another few blazing arguments erupted through it all with maggie again saying that i obviously wanted to throw any semblance of a friendship away .
i ended up going to a family friend let 's call her lucy mid-50sf and lived next to us growing up who i thought would convince my parents that it was in my best interests to stay here and not fly out .
however upon hearing the whole situation she too concurred with my dad a bit of time away would be for the best .
they both believed that if we truly had as close a relationship as i believed some time apart would n't effect us in the long run but with everything that had happened this was the best course of action .
i was distraught the person who i thought would help me seemed to be against me too .
what my parents were telling me boiled down to 'we have n't led you astray ever and we truly believe that you are n't in a healthy state of mind .
this is n't an effort to hurt you we love you and are very worried and have seen this happen before .
i could n't argue with any of that and headed back to the house to talk to maggie .
my perspective was this i had to see my parents in person to convince them that we had a good friendship and having looked after me my whole life i owed it to my parents to do it properly .
however trying to tell her this did n't end well .
she actually kicked me out of the house yelled that since i did n't care about our friendship i should just be done with it burn all the photos of us and trash her birthday gift to me .
she also started tearing down all the photos i 'd hung up on the walls in my room .
i properly broke and went pretty much full-zombie mode probably sounds humorous but it was really quite horrible .
my dad pulled a few strings to get me a ticket that night to go fly out and my brother packed up my shit into a bag and took me to the airport .
the only time i really came out of it was immediately before i got on the plane when my phone started ringing .
i answered it to hear crying on the other end .
i ca n't believe you 've done this to me .
you 're the worst sort of person someone that pretends they care and just uses people .
i hope you never come back and never ever talk to me again .
i do n't even remember the long flight i was on .
the next thing i remember is seeing my dad at the airport .
he just told me that they him my mum and brother loved me and cared about me and it would eventually be alright .
my brother and lucy moved all of my stuff out of the share house i 'd been in .
they dealt with maggie yelling at them and hurling abuse and put everything else going on in their lives aside to deal with it whilst i was away with my parents .
really i did n't deserve what they did for me but that 's what family is truly about i guess .
i completely disconnected myself from stuff like facebook for the next month as everytime i logged on either maggie or her friends were sending some pretty horrible messages to me .
i had to block them on whatsapp too it got that bad .
i was pretty much in a shell for the better part of a month before i slowly started coming out of it .
i do realise that it had become a very unhealthy relationship on both our parts .
i had put her up on this pedestal and always blamed myself for any problems .
after 10 weeks away i eventually went back to australia for the next uni year .
that group of friends were now not speaking to me and though some were staying out of the situation as much as they could i just closed off from them too .
that group of uni friends i made are now my closest mates .
there are the guys who i was n't that close too before that i now hang out with at least once a week .
i have gotten to know a bunch of new people through my part-time work and some sports i 've taken up .
i 've actually been doing really well at uni and have even won a few awards/scholarships .
i 'm genuinely really happy and in a good place these days .
as a general policy i 've ignored any method by which she has tried to contact me .
but recently in the last 2 weeks or so i 've started receiving receiving messages from maggie again some from other people 's social media accounts/phones as i 've blocked her .
the general gist is 'why did you throw away what we had ?
i deserve better but since you are obviously not going to apologize at least explain why you did what you did .
i know exactly what any response will lead to a series of accusations and an argument about why whatever reasons i give are obviously wrong .
how i 'm a horrible person that does horrible things .
honestly i just do n't want to even see or talk to her .
she ripped my heart to shreds yet seems to believe that she is absolutely not at fault .
i 'm inclined to continue ignoring her but have a feeling she will try to force a response at some point .
and i just do n't know what to say .
i know there seems to be a lot of very specific examples and i have n't chosen them to try and portray her in the worst possible light or anything .
it 's just when i think about it all these really stand out .
tl dr she broke my heart and now expects me to apologise and i really do n't want to have to deal with it .
this week 's photo week 41 clara bow and gilbert roland in call her savage 1932 https farm6.staticflickr.com/5805/21326294698_66615d85e9_o.jpg
photograph is a publicity shot for call her savage 1932 a pre-code drama film directed by john francis dillon and starring clara bow .
here 's a bit of a run down it 's not a competition but it is a group activity that we hope will help people with their colorizing technique .
people of all skill levels are encouraged to participate !
how it works download this black and white photo https farm6.staticflickr.com/5805/21326294698_66615d85e9_o.jpg color it and then submit your colorization to this post .
this will be a way to see how close your pic is to others and we can all learn how to colorize .
want to make sure you 're not getting rusty ?
you 're all welcome to participate and we encourage people of all skill levels to participate .
this is n't so much of a competition as it is an opportunity to learn from each other .
please do not downvote images that have been contributed !
everyone here is doing this to share learn and improve our craft so we strongly encourage you to leave a person a comment with a suggestion or feedback instead .
only image submissions are allowed as top level comments so that we can make sure that pictures do not get lost in a flood of comments .
we also have a comment below where you can come to us with any questions or comments pertaining to this activity .
completed colorizations of this image must stay within this thread for the week during the event .
if you post it as a separate thread we will remove it so that each image gets equal representation .
this will also help reduce numerous posts of the same image on the main page for people who are not interested in participating
i 'm sure this community would n't mind an original header .
it would be up to you to design it .
who 's to say we might not be able to rotate them sometimes either .
it could be large as let 's use r/historyporn 's header for example .
not allowed of course would be something extreme or patriotic .
let 's let this run for about a week .
if your just looking leave a comment if you really like their header those are a little more valuable than upvotes for when we 're deciding .
thanks to everyone reading and everyone who 's going to make one .
if we get enough submissions we can keep this thread in the sidebar under misc .
in the end the people voted more to keep the header as is .
this past year has been the hardest of my life .
i met a woman that i loved and held fast to .
we broke up after a few months but remained friends .
then grew so close she 's my best friend .
i offered it and i do n't believe i 'm getting it back .
god exists and he wants all of us to live for spreading the gospel .
he wants us all to live for the kingdom and forsake everything that is put above him .
you let it take his place he 'll move it from you .
not a threat or a warning but a biblical truth that will help you heal .
now let the memories fade and if you find jesus along the way that 's awesome .
but i 'll probably not see you for a long long time .
looking for the longest moderate hill to bike up to really burn me out any suggestions ?
hello all when gluing two boards together side by side for a tabletop for example do you glue it with the topside facing up or down ?
i 'm wondering if there 's a right way to do this because the glue line can sometimes be very noticeable and i do n't understand why even after tightening the clamps .
so is it better to glue the topside facing up or facing down ?
i have an old iphone 4s and a brand new experia z3 compact but when seraching perk tv on appstore/android play market this app does n't pop up but simular ones with simular but they are more shitty show up where can i download this magic app you all love ?
i 've had my ibuypower 2009-2010 pre-made for a while now and i think it 's about time i upgrade .
originally i was just going to upgrade my psu and graphics card .
but i think i need to upgrade ram and my processor as well .
do you think it 's worth upgrading this machine ?
basically i am at the point in the quest where you collect 30 shards to start the next line forged the frame etc .
but then eris gives me the hunger pangs quest with the centurion in bunker war-4 again .
still waiting for the will turn into a bunch of languages '' part .
i am just wondering if anyone knows of a drink that has electrolytes to help replenish to lessen the negative effects ...
my girlfriend and i are in town for a week and reserved rooms at the paniq escape rooms paniqentertainment.com the rooms are around 120 we 're going either way but if anyone wants to come along and split costs with us just let me know
when hai returned to c9 he told incarnati0n that he 'll carry him to worlds but incarnati0n needs to carry him at worlds .
hai then leads c9 through the entire gauntlet and into worlds now incarnati0n is playing like a god .
so anyone knows if there 's a compilation of these novels outside baka-tsuki ?
i 've been trying to get them in another format but i ca n't seem to find the first volumes anywhere .
found a blog who has from 5 onwards but nothing about 1 2 3 and 4 .
if you know where i can find the first ones i 'd very much appreciate it .
btw if this goes against the rules feel free to delete it or tell me to delete it first time posting here .
scott literally uses a wheelchair to go back to the hut .
locks the door behind him and lays down in his bed .
so i make smite vids not the best lol but i do and i would love to make a series where people pick my god and make my build or make me do weird/random challenges .
if you wan na see something done let me know i would be happy to do it !
basically this is a repost of mine from when the bounty system was first announced .
an upvote would be nice if you would enjoy having this system and a downvote if you like the current system and want to keep it .
description simply put imagine an opt-in/opt-out program in which people can earn extra experience by killing the top 25 enemy players on x faction '' .
simple if you 're opted in select a target then find them and kill them to get a reward .
once opted in you remain that way until opting out aka persists through logout .
it would be debatable whether someone is opted in or out by default most likely opt-in in order to keep target list viable .
implementation opting in to be a hunter automatically opts you in to be a potential bounty .
this system takes the top 25 experience earners in the last fifteen minutes or so for each faction and places them as a potential bounty .
anyone who is opted in the hunter program who kills these people when they are selected as a target gets a minimum 250 xp reward scaling with enemy xp earned in order to get on the list .
the bounty lasts for 5 deaths by hunters in which each kill gets the reward .
while the list updates every 15 minutes a person selected as a bounty will not be deselected until they are manually deselected or they have been killed 5 times by hunters .
the hunters get the nearest spawn at the last known location of the bounty every 5 minutes .
an interface could be built to say last seen at vex hydroponics '' or last seen at eisa in a magrider '' .
much like what dbg suggested when spotting the enemy a very clear indicator that they are the bounty you are hunting will show up .
another indicator will always tell the bounty whether they are being hunted by hunters and possibly how many .
any friendlies who interact with the bounty/hunter to assist them get a 'bounty/hunter assist ' variable upon what they did .
bounty only heal 10 resupply 5 savior against hunter 50 .
there would also be a 50 xp bonus for a bounty killing a hunter .
purpose unlike conquest indar '' or something similar which would drive away population from the main game this only adds a layer to the game itself .
people may enjoy the excitement of hunting down a target in hopes of the thrill of success .
it does n't drive away population at all since both the hunters and the bounties will still be playing the main game .
now how does dbg make money off of this as they clearly want to ?
members get an extra 'bounty ' slot in which they can select multiple targets .
spending certain amounts of dbc allows regular members to rent slots for periods of time and more dbc to outright buy slots .
xp bonuses the thrill of the chase and an added passive layer of potentially being a target .
it does n't take away from the game at all .
what i 'm mainly going for here is the idea of playing the game differently in the midst of others playing the game in the usual way .
i imagine it to be 'assassination missions ' rather than 'hey look i killed a bounty and did n't even realize it . '
if i have n't explained anything clearly i 'm pretty sure i missed something or you have ideas please comment .
i personally believe my system would be used far more than what dbg suggested .
hell if they do n't want to scrap their original idea have there be two bounty lists empire bounties and personal bounties .
edit suggestion by u/dream8 give one free bounty placement a day or maybe 3 times per week .
gives people a bit of a taste and makes them want to be able to do it more .
so it 's been a couple weeks and this week i noticed i am feeling lonely a good portion of the time .
the first week i felt unstoppable now not so much .
i think one of the reasons i used pmo in the past was to ease loneliness and now that that is no longer an option these feelings are surfacing and i need to deal with them in an appropriate way .
i find that i am seeking human interaction much more particularly with females .
this is great but i also need to stay in get work done on certain nights .
anyone else experience loneliness a few weeks in to their journey ?
been hanging around the citadel for a while to finish the take the wanted bounty kill the blighted descendant
and i 'm either not fast enough to find the lts or ca n't take out the descendant .
first time doing the raid but i spoiled myself for the raid so i kinda know what 's happening .
to join add your gamertag to the game lobby here https www.the100.io/quick_join/uopx0t9jjsw https www.the100.io/quick_join/uopx0t9jjsw
or you can reply to me here on reddit .
i 'll send invites on a first come first serve basis .
you can also use the chat on the game lobby page to communicate with me .
i have a spare hek and marelok which i would like to trade for their counterparts .
in addition i would like to trade the vampire leech '' augment for any of augments from meridian veil hexis or suda .
please know what your doing we got one first timer as well .
if i get enough ppl i 'll start a higher tourney with everyone .
i am tomorrow driving from pa to tn and need a good place for lunch and dinner i will make detours for food .
i plan on leaving at 7 am and being in chattanooga at like 10 pm .
where should i get lunch and where for dinner ?
i got rekt by this dude but this guy is seriously skilled .
maybe this exists in an app form at this point but i was n't able to find a good one .
i 'm a 28 yo male and here 's the situation
i just recently come back from a two week vacation that i thought would clear things up and help me bring back to who i was .
things have been going well for me this year .
my new job i acquired last september was fantastic i have better hours and time to do things that i want to do .
however i feel like my friends are n't there anymore .
my last job i barely had time to hang out with anyone to the point where now that i do have time everyone has left me .
i do n't get texts or phone calls anymore and it kills me inside .
as soon as i got back from vacation i was let go from the company i was working for a small medical practice that was just starting up .
they offered for me to work for the rep that contracts work out to laboratories .
i graciously took the offer because hey this was last second and i have bills to pay .
it 's nothing similar to what i 've done before and i work in areas that are pretty sketchy .
i do n't want to do this type of thing .
i 'm at my wit 's end and i dont want to do anything other than crawl in a hole and wither away .
i 'm normally a decently happy person and yet i ca n't see a way out .
i had vzw for about 8+yrs and their coverage and csr was very good .
pricing a little high but very happy with the co. last week had the run around and was treated very badly .
i checked out the coverage and plans for t-mobile and it was very good .
after using the t-mobile ip6 for 5 days i 've noticed reception is n't no where like vzw .
sometimes driving in my area it goes to edge service .
i think i want to go back to vzw .
i want to port my back over to vzw .
i traded in my old vzw ip6 to t-mobile to get a great deal .
so now i would need to get a new ip .
i know i can cancel my service with t-mobile 14 day exhange .
i would need to pay my etf with vzw and any outstanding balance last bill right ?
after vzw ports my number over then i go to t-mobile to cancel service .
would t-mobile give me back any money i put down or paid to them for the service during the 14 day warranty ?
edit i just checked my vzw account and it still shows my account and phone is still active on vzw .
i should be able to get an ip6 with vzw and just cancel my sevrice with t-mobile right ?
i know a lot of people myself included took the sat yesterday so this is a bit late however this may help people who plan on taking it again sometime .
i 've taken the sat 3 times 4 if you count the practice sat i took .
there was a 2015 sat thread and i saw a decent number of people saying they accidentally skipped questions .
this is more common than you may think i did it on my practice sat luckily so it did n't count and i have another friend who accidentally skipped a ton of questions on math he then went back and bubbled in random things 0/10 would not recommend .
so after the first time i made this mistake i started doing this to make sure it did n't happen again .
when you start the section look at how many questions are in the section and draw a line through the last number on the scantron .
for example say there are 25 questions in the section i would then find question number 26 on my scantron and draw a line through it so i know that there are 25 questions in said section .
it 's easy and seems pretty obvious but i 'm just hoping that this will keep people from making the same mistake that i and a bunch of other people have .
happened to me playing with draskyl and now again with a friend
if somebody in your party fails to connect to the server they are kicked from your party and reborn immediately searches for another match and finds one almost instantly .
in both cases i 've been forced to wait 10 minutes to find a match because of this shit .
doing the raid for the 4th time this week but on an alt char .
is there a place podcast/youtube/documentary where i can get an introduction to alternative non western history ?
so i continue to wait for news on the pictogram awards one of my favorite insert sets though i understand why many people dislike it and realize it maybe has n't been announced yet because it has n't sold out .
there must still be tons of reds in master access but even the last blue has not sold out .
it reminds me a little of wosw gold hera but with sketchbook part two jokes added in .
anyway then it struck me why not use unpopular or slow-moving inserts for smuggler 's den ?
like give a variant platinum pictogram jabba palace for two red pictograms of same ?
and the same can be done for any insert set that is n't getting enough love .
who knows it may even change some opinions on the set itself .
throughout yesterday they were advertising argentina v tonga as 2:30 and ireland v italy at 3:30 which doesnt make sense .
the live player says irish coverage starts at 3:20 .
i assume its actually 4:20 or something but hopefully someone can clarify .
winners italicized name indicates a player who died but was on the winning team
12th fightin 1 thegrombmx11 hit the ground too hard s1
12th thegrombmx11 1 fightin hit the ground too hard s1
kill/death ratio if kd is x/0 it will be listed as x
would love to be able to watch the match before take off .
i woke up and knew i needed to get day four of the u/seebeee edging challenge https redd.it/3mkr3c out of the way because to put it mildly i was ready to go .
you can hear a little of the wet sounds but i had to hold the microphone close to my mouth so you could hear my whispers https soundgasm.net/u/gateofivory/m4f-the-edging-challenge-day-4 since i had to be quiet .
i do n't know if anyone heard anything but i did notice u/boredbaker 's ass wiggling from time to time under the blankets .
i can provide a latias if you need it and ask if you also need something for dex and i 'll see if i have it .
which day offers best bang for your buck when you recharge ?
i completed couch to 5k about a month and a half ago and i 've been doing 3 runs/week since then ranging from 2.5-3 miles 28-33 minutes for me .
my goal is to keep building slowly eventually try a 10 or half marathon program but i 'm wondering if i should continue with 3 runs per week with same mileage or do a 4 day a week schedule with varying runs .
i 'm running my first 5k in three weeks thinking about a 10k or half next spring or summer .
any advice is very helpful as i am a newbie !
there is a command on ct radio maps like d2 and mirage when you press follow me '' character says something like ahahai '' or ahagai '' .
it 's been bothering me for quite a while now and i just ca n't find a right word to google
so does anybody know what does it mean and how to spell it ?
if you are a regular user of https fastcoin.ch please make sure you are using our new bank details
i have the quad on and i set it down on the ground .
i walk a couple houses down and i get a snow screen .
if i walk back and stand right next to it i still get snow screen .
after about 30 seconds coming back in range i can see again .
i switched a set of antennas and it does the same thing .
i also experience a way shorter range before i lose signal .
more than half and it cuts in and out without increasing throttle just as i get farther .
i recall a few weeks ago i accidentally turned on my vtx without the antenna for about 20 seconds .
first or second runs for everybody so experience would be helpful but not required .
i 'm retiring from my tf2 career and want to get some use out of the hats i 've acquired .
so i 'd like to get some cs go skins and/or keys for them .
dpp i 've come to the realization that one cock just is n't enough for me .
the idea of having a complete stranger stuff my wet panties in my mouth and fucking me from behind as he bends me over my table is too hot to pass up .
someone who is horny and willing to fuck my brains out at a moments notice .
someone who 's more of a man than me husband a real man .
a man who is at the door the moment my husband leaves .
my ideal man is young somewhere between 18 and 23 or a black man .
maybe even a man who is eager to share me with his friends .
a cock is a cock and i want it .
second pack had stasis snare with the rare missing .
i said well this can only go badly if that rare was exactly gideon . ''
i did eventually find my way out of white and into green blue .
i had enough fixing to splash 1 color and no real convoke payoffs though i did pass a midpack prism array in pack 3 .
i ended up in a controlling deck that had lifespring druid blighted woodland eldrazi skyspawner herald of kozilek and hedron archive to ramp into ulamog 's despoiler conduit of ruin and eldrazi devestator .
i picked up kiora p3p1 and had to take her over a foil of the x/x for x eldrazi .
while you do n't need the blazing curve out on 2 3 4 to keep up with fast decks like you did in origins you need ways to deal with at least one or two early cards .
either a cheap ally with an important ability or a flyer cloud manta really put me on a clock while i was trying to ramp out my big eldrazi it 's hard to take a turn off to play hedron archive when you are at 12 going to 9 next turn .
i passed a couple unnatural aggressions that i really wished i had n't in retrospect .
clutch of currents/rush of ice i had expected these to be decent in a control deck but they turned out to be kind of bad .
their net effect was to slightly slow my opponent down while making my land vulnerable to removal .
i think these will still be good in aggressive decks but i 'd shy away from running too many i had 2 clutches and a rush of ice .
territorial baloth the only landfall creature in my deck was involved in every game i won and it 's removal caused me to lose a game that had felt pretty well in hand .
given how great a single landfall creature was with blighted woodland and evolving wilds i expect a deck full of them to be great .
i still think natural connection is going to be good with many landfall creatures more than 1 anyway but i did n't feel like it was worth the tempo hit at least in this deck just for the ramp and fixing .
has anyone got a good argument to use their transfers now before the international break ?
i purchase crew a 's emblem on my precious zentorno .
then i change crew b to be my active crew .
will i still have crew a 's emblem on my zentorno or will it swap to crew b 's ?
then i decide to make a new emblem for the crew .
i put this new middlefinger emblem as active crew emblem .
after reading that the bleed effect worked on him but poison did not i tried out the notched whip .
with 3 giant souls it was doing good damage so i checked out other weapons that did bleed damage .
they do bleed damage great normal damage have awesome attack speed take no stamina weigh nothing and have an alternative ranged attack .
beat vendrick first try with a 5 ice rapier .
i work as a cashier in a large supermarket chain so i 've had my share of interesting customer experiences and thought i 'd share one from a few days ago .
this story is n't nearly as crazy as some of the others i 've read here but i just did n't think people like this still existed .
anyway it was a fairly slow day and i was standing at the service desk with my coworker cw when conspiracy lady cl walks up .
cw i do n't think so but the toothpastes are all just there points to a shelf very close by .
so cl wanders down the aisle and comes back a few minutes later with a box of toothpaste .
cw well i ca n't tell from here ma'am but if you let me check the box i might be able to tell you .
smiling politely cl hands the box over and cw confirms that there indeed is fluoride in it .
cl then asks my coworker to come and look with her so he follows her into the aisle .
they come back a few minutes later and cl decides to tell us what 's up .
cw sorry that we do n't have anything without fluoride .
it 's hard to find these days with it being in everything and all .
i 'm trying to avoid it because they say that it messes with your mind .
cw oh i 'm pretty sure it 's safe .
i do n't think it would be in the water if it was n't .
cl with a pitiful smile that 's what the government wants you to think sweetie .
cw was kind of taken aback so he just said ok '' and cl left in a pleasant mood .
so yeah i was n't aware this was still a thing amongst some people .
with its 152 head shots and 115 body shots does anyone else feel this way ?
aliases captain adam captain atom the quantum superman of earth-4
affiliates the usaf pax americana the supermen of the multiverse
captain allen adam of the united states air force was once a normal man until exposure to an experimental uranium engine exploding obliterated his mortal form leaving him as a disembodied mind with a newfound quantum awareness of reality .
eventually he built himself a new ideal body and retained his new almost godlike powers .
his quantum senses however soon overwhelmed him and he became afraid of his progressive loss of his humanity .
thus he started taking retardant drugs hoping to dampen the extent of his abilities .
describes how he views the world as being the same way we would read a comic book http i.imgur.com/duraxlu.png meaning that though time is linear he can view it in any order he wants .
similarly he can 'read your thought balloons ' http i.imgur.com/dao6tih.png as in he can read minds .
can tell when he 's outside of the multiverse .
can create hundreds of independent duplicates each with equal power through manipulation of quantum superposition .
in a brief moment http i.imgur.com/6p1xqu4.png builds three massive towers out of nothing at ground zero .
separates his dog into skin organs and bones respectively .
contains the antimatter explosion of superman and ultraman meeting the same explosion which creates the thought robot .
goes back in time decades http i.imgur.com/7rncitb.png showing that he can time travel at will .
can interface with a highly advanced monitor ship ai .
strong enough and durable enough to both casually restrain ultraman and not even react to his heat vision .
creates an exact living duplicate of his dead dog from thin air .
captain atom is to dr. manhattan what dr. manhattan is to captain atom .
i have been going through various posts and mutrank to see how i should use my corners most effectively .
it seems people do different things and i 'm just trying to figure out the optimal way to set them up .
i 've asked this question before but would like some more advice .
right now i 'm using captain rodgers cromartie ty law and 86 pat peterson .
now some people use ty law as a c1 which is what i 'm currently doing but i have been told in the past to switch them so law is c2 and drc is c1 .
to make matters more confusing law is considered the best cb3 not sure anymore that barber was released .
now does this mean a corner like law should be moved to cb3 and i buy a new cb1 or cb2 ?
i was n't sure if i should post this in lineup help thread but i thought i would make a separate thread because of the specific discussion of reasoning of placing certain corners .
i run the non-steam version of ffxiv but i run it as a non-steam game so i do n't have to constantly alt-tab to talk to friends starting today when i launch the game via steam the game does n't launch and steam just crashes is anyone else getting this issue ?
i have no problem going ahead and marrying her .
the only reason i have to break up is because my parents will be very very hurt .
i do not want her to convert for my sake .
i 'm almost against any form of organised religion .
i 'm not against islam or the spirit of it .
i feel people are just clouded by letters and do not think rationally
if anything these circumstances have only taken me further away from islam i feel .
sorry for the rant i 'm posting here in the hope of someone who share my feelings and can help me cope with situation better .
but i think the ref missed a few calls on england which should have helped .
i think we deserved a loss but not to that extent .
hello hunters i posted a few vids about a month ago and i got pretty good feedback
you can see the vids here watch kirkhammer massacre '' on youtube
https youtu.be/rbxkkd7ksnu just go to my channel there 's 4 vids i made in one night .
if the community is interested id be more than willing to showcase my useage of the beast claws .
i went on a trip a few days ago and had a p0303 error code come up when i recranked my car after leaving a party .
car was shaking hard at idle and moving very rough .
was following behind someone so when they pulled in to get gas i stopped the car and asked them to get behind the wheel and tell me if they thought it was safe to drive it home .
once recranked the check engine light was gone and the car was moving fine .
i took the car to autozone to get the error code p0303 and a mechanic suggested i try fuel injector cleaner .
i poured it in and the error code has never come back on .
another issue ive been having since well-before this is my car is refusing to crank after putting gas in it .
i did online research and narrowed purge valve down to a likely culprit .
my mechanic said it may be the fuel pump and this could be determined by seeing if the car would start on its own after 4 cranks .
never happened i have to hit gas pedal to crank it so im guessing purge valve is cause of that .
my question is since the p0303 has never came back on on my car and i havent had any rough starts/shaking like before should i be worried about it or not ?
and what should i do if i should be ?
also it seems like my car has trouble gaining speed around 65-70 mph like i have to press the gas pedal in extra hard to even make it get up to those speeds .
been talking to what i thought was a girl who i matched with tinder should of know it was too good to be true by the fact it was tinder .
anyways been talking to her for like nearly two weeks texting we aranged to meet up at this bar at certian spot ... i get there and there is two other dudes sitting where she '' told me to meet her its awkward as fuck eventually i just ask if they are waiting to meet someone they both say yeah we talk a bit realize we are all fucking there for the same person who never shows up obviously ... . get a text later saying basically your a fucking idiot get catfished .
i was kinda mad but at same time laughed it off because this dude is hell dedicated to catfishing dudes .
all in all it wasnt a bad night though i had some beers with some pretty decent dudes and got catfished which means i did n't really miss out on anything anyways .
i understand some people will prefer some other distros or even a completely different os and that 's fine .
but why is it that some linux users just hate on arch ?
like it 's unstable it 's rolling it 's unreliable etc.. ?
yeah ok fine i have n't been running it for decades on many different computers but in these few months on a fairly obsolete/yet modernish laptop i encountered absolutely no problem at all that was caused by arch or it 's bleeding edge nature .
in fact all problems that might 've come up did come up much worse in other distros ubuntu and i had no idea the f k was going on because well it was automatically installed and set up for me .
in arch 's case i at least had an idea where to start looking and managed to fix .
in my honest opinion and experience it 's not any less stable than anything else .
but then again i 'm not really doing anything extra special or very special and obsolete hardware and such .
love it and some of my favorite pixies songs come off it but to me doolittle is the more complete package .
gil gerard buck rogers '' was there and is a really cool guy .
also felix silla 'cousin it ' from the original addams family '' tv show as well as 'twiki ' in buck rogers '' .
also ' mohawk guy http www.writeups.org/img/fiche/2631d.jpg ' vernon wells from the road warrior '' .
i really did n't expect to have as much fun as i did .
you can use it to pry stuff open too .
not to mention you can use it to dig !
forget indonesia it 's the number 2 sport in china the most populous nation on earth .
i knew a cw5 who recently retired who was the last pilot left who flew in vietnam .
i know right ... people always make fun of buzzfeed by quoting something like you wo n't believe what happens next '' i watch buzzfeed all the damn time and i 've never seen titles like that .
it 's usually something like americans try japanese food ''
it 's like trying to get a job with no experience .
i won my wife with a bet on the superbowl .
chinese teams like as you can see rookie was like i dont think c9 is a threat '' in the interviews before they lost .
and my god fearing mother naturally walking in to find me ... conducting further research .
could you explain why you think the baby boomers wrecked the economy ?
i 'm neither agreeing nor disagreeing with your position but i rarely hear any explanations as to how exactly they were a negative impact on the future economic status of the us .
it 's always the same throwaway sentence the boomers bled us dry now us millennials have to clean up the mess ''
... .damnit now i 'm curious if there 's a hentai with this premise but a dick instead of a hand ... .
... .i 'm not looking this up someone do the dirty work for me .
i wonder if americans complained this much about indian attacks after they stole their land and made the original denizens homeless .
he did say hmm '' and not mmm . ''
so he was wondering whether they were hot dogs .
listen to tommy wright iii 's production he was making trap style beats with booming bass in 93 '
honestly have n't played any jrpgs in a long-ass time blame mgs but i loved paper mario as a kid and i 'm looking to play mother twewy and chrono
my most prized would be my education or my degrees .
reading is just one skill amoung many it is n't an import thing in your general cognitive development as humans do not have brain modules just for reading .
the age you start learning reading is probably independant from your success at school .
it 's more like a certain set of things he does .
he 'll look over at me smile shake his shoulders a bit and say i love you .
smalling we play 11 against 11 in training so i come up against martial and other forwards .
the kid has made a bigger impact than any one of us could have possibly imagined at the end of the transfer window .
still bleed orange and blue from my time in fl .
i very much appreciate the encouraging words my friend .
i really need to hear them considering fall spring are the most difficult seasons for me and my sobriety along with a bunch of other shit going on in my life currently .
dude is a hoss and goes for way cheaper than he should .
85 norman is amazing and would be a good cb2 behind talib .
plenty of wrs out there depending on your budget my dream team for a budget-plus squad is 87 marshall 87 j. jones 87 d. thomas .
you may decide to go with better options since you obviously have plenty of coin to work with .
i have a e6440 i5-4310m 16 gb of ram 256 gb ssd 500 gb hdd .
it 's a little bit on the heavy side but otherwise a great laptop .
if you do n't mind the weight and want something with a dedicated gpu i think there are models out there with a radeon hd 8690m then go for it .
the biggest advantage of the e7450 over the t450s is that the parts are easier to access and thus to service .
also if you want more than 12 gb of ram in the t450s you would have to purchase a 16 gb ram module which is not cheap .
i would customize it with the fhd display the intel 7260 ac wireless card and the bigger 4 cell battery .
any though i doubt a mac is in my budget
keep in mind that you ca n't upgrade parts on a retina macbook .
you will have to get the configuration you want .
retina macbook pro 13 with 16 gb of ram http www.apple.com/shop/buy-mac/macbook-pro ? product=mf840ll/a step=config for 1699
refurbished retina macbook pro 15 http www.apple.com/shop/browse/home/specialdeals/mac/macbook_pro/15 starts at 1609
when i smell a girl 's farts without her permission is that nose-rape ?
how do you know when someone 's been toking marijuana ?
any chance there 's a google music version of this idea ?
they are in nature in humans bacteria the internet space shapes literally everywhere .
specifically the significance and meaning of 0 and 1 blow my mind .
the hit in accuracy hcs took is just too depressing .
i 'm finding it easier to land head shots in mid range with even scout rifles .
please read this message in its entirety before taking action .
your post has been removed as it violated rule 1a http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_1 .
you must post a clear and direct question and only the question in your title .
any context or clarification should be posted in the text box
please note once posted the titles can not be edited .
if your title breaks the rules please feel free to make a new post that fits within the rules .
if you feel this was removed in error please contact the mods http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2faskreddit subject=help+related+post+review+request message=my+post+was+removed+rule+1a please+review 3a 0d 0a 0d 0ahttp 3a 2f 2fwww.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/3nf9ix/is_there_any_subreddit_where_redditors_share .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
i buy guns just to piss off people like you
i 'm a tummy and side sleeper and sleep like crap in a tent but this pad really changed my camping experience .
it 's a little pricey but lightweight warm and comfortable i ca n't recommend it enough !
this is why you do n't open packs ... .opt for draft instead next time .
i swear if he says to start another game i am making another sudoku board .
it is discrimination they 're discriminating the people most likely to end up being another body on everest .
are the lr questions listed from the real 26 question section ?
the good muslim/bad muslim '' game is ultimately corrosive and harmful to the entire community .
but i definitely think there 's life outside of earth . ''
my all time favorite moment has to be hammer to fall at wembley https youtu.be/smq8zc6auh4 ? t=2m27s
probably that episode where jake gave an earnest detailed description of having sex with dwayne johnson just to say do you smell what the rock is cumming ? ''
imho it 's better.test it out yourself.as for switching first do your nandroid/app/contacts backup wipe data dalvik cache and flash the sultanxda rom zip .
i think the way you draw superman kinda scares me .
yeah that 's what i 'm wondering too ... some inner-band conflict maybe ?
if you had n't have laughed then i would have had him !
not useless just not ideal for your shannon if you 're progressing into gb10 full auto .
2 smokes tend to have a lot more hp and a lot less torque comparatively .
the goofy looking pipes are n't necessary to make a 2 smoke run but they provide the engine with soooooooooo much more power .
they are a simpler engine with only 3 main parts per cylinder that move .
get the ignition timing and fuel air mixture right and it will run .
the only tolerances that are important are squish '' value and the ring gap value .
messing with the squish value piston to head clearance changes your compression ratio .
too high of a compression ratio and your fuel will start to detonate and too low and you lose hp .
it 's the same for 4 and 2 smoke engines .
minus the pipes compare the size of that v8 block with a 4 stroke v8 .
much lighter and more compact plus no oil pan .
also one does n't need to change the oil as this is injected into the crank case or mixed with the gas to lubricate both ends of the connecting rod .
most at least snowmobile 2 stroke engines use grease in a sealed bearing for the crank shaft which is to help with emissions .
some say this is worse for the life of the bearings but there is a lot of proof out there showing its actually better for the life of the bearing .
i was reading an article and it went along the lines to say that a lot of the major companies did r d on the 4 strokes because of something that had to do with an open patent or something like that .
i ca n't find the link and it was a while that i read it .
also until recently 2 strokes were horrible for emissions .
that 's one reason people love the smell of 2strokes .
now brp has direct injection which makes an incredible difference in the amount of emissions released .
knowing jon jones i filmed his video before he deleted it .
one judge scored that in the gus vs. jones fight too .
please read this message in its entirety before taking action .
hi there your post has been removed for one of the following reasons
rule 1 http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_1 you may not have a story in your title .
you must post a clear and direct question and only the question in your title.questions about you or your specific personal situation are not appropriate for askreddit .
additionally any answers to the question including your own should go in the comments as a reply to your own post .
rule 2 http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_2 questions about you or your specific personal situation are not appropriate for askreddit .
if you have any queries or concerns please feel free to message the mods .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
but issue here is that bjp is anything but a secular party .
just like congress is a minority appeasement party bjp is a majority appeasement party .
look at how much grief congress got over being soft '' on terrorism and letting off terrorists off the hook because they were perceived as not wanting to piss off the muslim community .
now bjp in it power you 'll see an outsized focused on communal incidents in the country .
its just the way that the media is in the country .
if bjp wants to fix it they should n't hand the media sticks mlas inciting people in dadri and muzzaffnagar amit shah goading hindus to seek revenge modi telling kejriwal to go to pakistan etc to beat them with .
can we at least try and make this entertaining this week ?
supermarkets over a certain size can only be open for 6 hours on sunday .
bllas penta gwfoalnkgwefas og and c9 looking fucking solid holy moly
looks like the machine is running smoothly so far !
personally i think the pop-culture/zombie mashup thing is a bit overdone ... but this is a really nice looking tattoo .
if i were n't such a jaded fucker i would be all over this .
i was really excited when they signed him glad to see him look good today
the removal for ragnaros thing is just an example .
but you have to take something out for deathwing and the point stands that you will sometimes lose because you had a dead card deathwing instead of something that could have been really useful .
i just think that cards in general are not especially good if they only work when you 're in a really bad spot .
cards that consistently help you take board control develop minions etc .
win more games than a dramatic deathwing a turn before lethal .
after returning home from the us my dad told me i was n't allowed to set up the two custom built pcs he purchased to run autocad at his architecture firm .
i was annoyed that he did n't trust me .
i woke up early the next morning so i could plug everything in turn them on and play age of empires .
the first one did n't turn on when i pressed the power button .
the second one did n't turn on either but it also made a noise that sounded like a fuse of some kind being blown .
with a sinking feeling in my chest i turned both towers around to check out what i did wrong .
i completely missed the two switches on the back of each tower next to the power plug .
they were still set to 110v instead of 220v .
6,000.00 worth of equipment gone in a matter of seconds .
my dad was so pissed i thought he was having a seizure .
he kept screaming and flailing his arms above his head while i hid under the covers in my bedroom .
could someone please explain to me in a detailed critical way why they like this show ?
imho i have seen lot 's of tv and lot 's of bbc stuff .
an all black t shirt with nothing on the front and on the back were the 5 stripes representing the made album
white shirt where on the front is the scene from bang bang bang where they have the flag and the motorcycle and on the back are the tour locations .
to get the crown flash light go there early .
the concert started at 8 i got there at 7 and it was sold out .
people buy multiple flashlights for their friends that 's why .
cell phone cases and pens that have all the members on them .
short term solution convert his business into a worker coop close down or advocate for taxes on the wealthy to subsidize small businesses something other countries do or are discussing .
best solution live a political life advocating for the destruction of capitalism because no reform big or small is going to make it any better .
iirc alcohol hangovers accompany a rebound release of excitatory neurotransmitters glutamate .
i do n't see that this is significantly different from what we were told before .
the gunman was targeting people who believed in god .
in that part of the world people who believe in god are most likely to be christians .
not surprised especially if some of them are mormon .
i like to think most of us are pretty level-headed but i remember my friend 's mom got super pissed when some of the older boys were trading magic cards in the halls between sunday school classes .
this was the same mom who did n't let my friend read harry potter .
fwiw harry potter and the philosopher 's stone was the first book my dad ever ordered on amazon back in the 90 's .
would n't it be cheaper to just buy the content you want ?
it 's nice to have cutler back and to watch him work when he has a little time .
we 're looking at being in a top 10 draft pick .
i really enjoyed pure sunlight and out on a limb !
almost looks like a video game isle of man https www.reddit.com/r/motorcycles/comments/3ndr3p/almost_looks_like_a_video_game_isle_of_man
i think maybe skybox can find the area automatically by simply comparing which areas that have changed within the last 24 hours .
but slavery was legal at the time so his overseer did nothing wrong .
it was just the way things were back then .
4 enjoy your time here and saving click to watch movie hihg quality http imgur.com/ai2ufqc
the problem with what he is saying is that he is treating all these gun owners as if they all have the same mindset .
that 's why you go to gun conventions that 's why you read gun magazines !
none of you give a shit about home security .
none of you have a facebook picture of you behind a secure door .
i do n't even know what either of those food-sounding things are but i want them .
still i got a fair amount of downvotes i 'm afraid lots of people agree with him .
to all party members who are your preferred coalition partners and who would you never want to form a coalition with ?
following on from that to the conservatives how would you feel with forming a coalition with the vanguard .
lib dem members after how the oo ended weeks ago .
would you be happy forming a coalition with ukip if it meant you would be in government ?
well his an alien so we could just say that 1 hit for him would be like a thousand hits a human would normally take in which case we might be back to the kids buckling up .
i work at queen 's and was a student myself and the only thing the gp would do is try to help .
another place to get help is carecall a 24/7 service i believe .
one was a shoot out and two were basically due to him being in the right spot at the right time and acting quick enough to slip a puck in .
plus he 's probably going to end up with duper and bonino who have also been solid .
as for d well beau has been blocking shots which terrifies me but hes not broken yet .
i was in line with some guys and we started watching this https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=o8m9zgufloe video of a dp line they were in .
they were all just complaining about the asshole comments and it was pretty funny .
i just randomly found this subreddit and i am not really a developer but computer science art minor should be a good start instead of studying game design by itself .
mine didnt give me one are they supposed to ?
that was the softest penalty i have ever seen .
ica kvantum i sannegården har jalapeño habanero och bhut jolokia om du inte hittar någon annan butik .
boatang for sure ... 2 assists for a lb/cb ...
microsoft is not releasing a surface phone next week .
you might enjoy michael crichton his books are relatively easy and most are stem related with a little philosophy thrown in .
i 'd personally like it if some items had permanently bound hotkeys .
the shield should always be available on left click grapple should always be on middle mouse and the other equipment should be thrown with g .
i heard of people comparing it to battlefield 2142 is it anything similar really aside from the sci-finess and being a fps game ?
the problem with all theories is that there are echoes which combined with different acoustics depending on where you were that day could cause people to hear multiple gunshots from one actual shot and hear the gunshots coming from a different direction .
not that the official story is believable or convincing i 'm just pointing out that there is always a common problem when basing your theories off eyewitness testimony .
try having an ex who was an addict as well..
i saw 4 days i mean 4 days of feeling like i did as it ended nevermind how long before i was back to normal haha
hey i started asian beauty a few weeks ago and here is my routine .
if any spots i 'd use nature republic bee venom treatment spot
what dyou think i should add on next ? ?
i 'm really new to this so all help is really appreciated
if a hitchhiker is in the truck and we get into an accident the company is held liable for their injuries .
biff is a real estate casino owning mogul who makes a fortune in the future because he has the book that shows info from the future .
it can stay in your saliva for up to 36 hours .
i 've had a mate who is a heavy smoker who smoked less than 24 hours before a saliva test and passed .
you 'll be fine mate especially if it was only 3-4 puffs
yh true but with rumours going around that he wo n't be here regardless of result today would n't that forced their hand as klopp might not be available as he might decide to sign for chelsea
mean girls is my male friend 's favourite movie of all time .
it wo n't send them for deployments unless you do it manually or put them on active fob duty so they ca n't be killed/stolen..
by sitting on her cell phones i 'm surprised she has n't rectum .
as blm at what point should i stop adding spell speed if i get 900 spell speed is that over or under what i need
so you have to pay for your apartment which you do n't own emigrate
i 'm not sure i really understand the dan jarvis appeal myself .
not that i do n't like him i just do n't have a strong opinion at this point .
is he suddenly more electable because he 's been in the army ?
he 's just as left wing as corbyn should corbyn be deposed immediately and be replaced by lewis on the basis he 's served in the army ?
this is the same logic that people are tipping jarvis for the leadership .
i know it 's frustrating but appearances do matter .
all the shit that 's thrown at corbyn and miliband for that matter about being unpatriotic hating the country '' being a career politician all that stuff it 's useful that jarvis and lewis etc .
have a built in impenetrable shield against that sort of attack .
the tories can ridicule a labourite for being a north london champagne socialist with just as much glee as we can ridicule tories being millionaire trust fund babies but no-one will ridicule someone for having been in the military .
that is literally the same argument the gop makes about roadblocks to abortion .
putting up with a little inconvenience to save lives should be a no-brainer . ''
i 'm not agreeing with them but this is important to recognize .
neither side is listening to the other side 's values or caring about their rights and i know it 's hard to step into the other guy 's shoes but the way you sounded about guns just now when i read that is the same way it would sound to you if i said it about abortion .
putting up with a little inconvenience to save lives should be a no-brainer . ''
you are completely dismissing as not worth even thinking about the other sides ' belief that they protect themselves and their families ' lives with their guns .
just incase people have n't played the game recently to familiarise themselves with the rules and give context for future questions
this kind of thinking only perpetuates the problem as you risk being the mirror image of palestinians that say that of israeli society when violence is visited on them by settlers or the military .
it then makes a violent response then easier to justify and you become the very thing you sought to criticise .
obviously it only provided insight into a particular company 's culture but i thought it was pretty fascinating .
the zappos ceo was definitely interested in creating a company culture that would make the employees happy .
the last part of the book read like an hr manual though .
though i believe the larger danger extrinsic to the safety of the products is the combination of patent ownership and the corporate appetite for monopoly .
that 's a truly bad thing when it comes to the food supply both from a resilience/diversity perspective and power politics .
control of food supply is the most powerful weapon any force can have and if it 's in the hands of modern corporations i do n't think we can expect ethical or altruistic behaviours to suddenly flourish .
if the economics say the bottom line is best served if the 1 eat and the 99 starve the 99 will starve .
if tax incentives from country x are negotiated at a favourable rate to country y country y can enjoy a price hike until they toe the line .
that 's just the way corporations which narrowly prioritize their responsibility to their shareholders behave .
the old place had a boiler explosion duncan harper got blown out the front window onto the street !
went for a pint on hogmanay a couple of years back lot younger crowd but busier ...
cheap seiko 5 http imgur.com/zc8gfa1 whose model number i ca n't recall .
bought on a whim as i liked the case shape .
edit x 371 caffeine and brain cell deficient attempts at formatting on mobile .
it also has it in the formatting help link/drop-down just under this box .
i still think the artemis 2012 skin is the best convention skin ever made and personally i 'd love to see ullr with a convention skin aswell
you learn words from flashcards ... roughly by how common they are though especially in the beginning the set of words you learn might be fudged a little to make the next part work
this sounds like what gabriel wyner does in fluent forever .
maybe later sections can be chunks of words specifically about a topic .
maybe at each of these stages you get introduced to a little grammar as well .
he does grammar later and it 's learned by practising full sentences .
so what you have thought of is similar to what gabriel does however it 's mostly student driven .
in this thread people watching anime and expecting something besides anime
overseas available version https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=3qiwollm9i8 on youtube .
i thought the video was quite obnoxious without bringing anything interesting to the table .
if it was just an interview with the expert it would have been a 100 times better the joaks '' are just cringeworthy .
explosives are a cure to all problems so long as you use enough of them .
and we will appoint some consultants to appoint a consultant to appoint bae to get it done !
i think they have lower crime rates because they 're small wealthy homogenous populations .
all you really need to look at is the stat priority and the trinkets and then gear up accordingly .
i think the reason certain raid items are listed as bis over a hc dungeon item is because of the random nature of hc dungeon items .
it 's arguably easier to farm the same raid boss who you know will drop the item you 're looking for .
another thing is the stat distribution which can be diffrent even though both items have the same secondary stats .
this neck http www.wowhead.com/item=124208/heartseeking-skull-pendant bonus=0 dropped-by is bis for enhance shamans for example .
it is has slightly more mastery than haste which is good since mastery is the better stat .
thus this trinket is technically better than say a neck from a hc dungeon were the stat distribution might be even or even favored towards haste .
this could also be a reason for why they choose certain items as bis .
simply farming better itemized gear from heroic dungeons is more than fine .
i think you 're a little harsh on sledge the hammer is a lot quicker than a breach charge which allows you to quickly open up a new attack route and flank the opposition .
it 's also useful if you 're playing against a good mute who moves his jammers to walls to block entry .
there is absolutely no basis for anything you just said .
american football https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=_nfnxdxpjl0 i know it 's more widely known to be mainly an emo album but i think they make some good use of math rock and post rock elements throught the whole album .
it wo n't ruin any tools considering wood is softer than metal .
the only thing you need to worry about is feed rate do n't push it too hard do n't go to slow .
you 'll develop a feel for the speed the wood wants to travel do n't sweat it .
and careful when sanding would n't use a belt sander you can easily heat the oils in the wood causing your purples to turn black there 's no easy way to get that out outside of cutting it off .
well it was supposed to be his only weak point at the time .
this is because cheaters just go straight to valve servers .
i 've won 5 of my last 5 games as a lone support .
my verdict solo queue as support in ranked is possible .
i dont understand what they try to achieve with this .
doing this kind of disgusting act will trautamize children and youth .
this dont show anything other than how pathetic the army is .
states supposed to have higher standards even pkk which they call most vile and evil terrorist organization would not do this to soldiers .
remember when hdp supporters went to take corpses of soldiers they treated those bodies with utmost respect .
demonizing and trautamizing huge chunk of your population is really counter-productive .
who i am talking to though i am sure my words will be twisted then we all will be called terrorists lol .
careful people do n't appreciate humour ... ... not when it 's related to their addiction 🎃 👻 💀 😱 👽 👹 😈
not who you asked but i 'm enjoying ff14 .
even the crafting system is a lot of fun .
well i started around gvg release so it 's hard to tell how it influenced the game .
i do n't think people are being fair on the tgt expansion though .
it brought two new top tier deck archetypes and some less viable ones .
but we 'll still only win 5 becaaauuse tennessee .
do n't play non-developing moves if you do n't have to .
not saying you did down voted and frankly i do n't care about that however i do care about my credibility .
i do n't want people to think that i 've some troll trying to to prove that cig is out of money by which you can see from my updated spreadsheet that they are far from it but by virtue of the complexity i can not give specifics ... .
arena/ranked play is about the only thing you will get that fits that description .
i doubt they are going to open up a 6v6 ranked mode though .
there are some guns in the mix i have not been able to try out yes .
however aside from recoil looking at their archetype is more than enough to determine how they 'll play as i 've used weapons of those archetypes in the past .
mouseover or click to view the metric conversion for this comment http fiddle.jshell.net/convertstometric/xhk4y5h5/show/light ? 15 20feet 20 204.6 20m 0a 15 feet 4.6 m
where i grew up there was a gypsy '' community on the other side of town .
for several months out of the year all of the men and some of the women would load up and travel from city to city scamming people .
one of their popular scams was to make an elderly person believe that their gutters were in need of repair .
they would offer to replace them with new gutters for a low low rate of a few thousand dollars .
they would then take the gutters down clean them and put them back up .
they make enough money from scamming people that they 're able to build these large beautiful houses in their community .
they have this odd superstition however that the new house must be boarded up and not lived in for 1 year .
this is so the evil spirits of the builders who were usually outsiders can die .
so for a year this big beautiful house will sit empty and boarded up while the family either stays with relatives in the same community of course ...
they 're all related and inbred pretty bad or they 'll live in mobile homes parked in the back yard .
for me it freezes whenever im on the ps4 but also my internet has recently been really bad disconnecting and connecting again never a stable smooth connection and i downloaded the game digitally so its not like its a scratched disc or anything and the loading screens are atrocious hopefully 2k fixes this
actually for a highly logical person it wouldnt be weird to upload yourself a second time at all at least for me .
you just have to view it as digital twin similar to biological twin you just start the separation process much later .
my four month german shepherd the other night rolled on her side waiting for a belly rub and as soon as i rubbed her belly she farted .
it sounded like a grown man ripping one and smelled like a boxer .
sweet loving pup named annie with the flatulence presence of an outhouse .
bf refuses to be around the man who beat the shit out of me for years .
why does n't he want to be around the guy who stopped punching me physically and only punches me emotionally ?
if your dad was such a great changed person he would stop bringing it up and creating massive arguments .
i think you are blind to your father 's continuing abusive behavior while your bf sees it .
bf 100 has the right to not want the type of person who beats up teenage girls in his home .
i think seeking therapy is the only way you and your bf can reach a compromise about spending time with your family .
the conversations always seem to revert back to the kids .
i had a salad about 6 hours ago and that 's it .
all of the ones at stores are not first print .
you should be able to gift him after the ban i 've been banned before and been gifted a few times !
i was just having some random fun around soloing stuff haha
i really doubt anyone would ever maintain at 1200 .
i do n't know i only just heard about it .
what i find works for me is to create a situation where is making out is not only possible but likely .
i 'm a very good kisser so kissing usually leads to sex for me .
it can be pool lunch dance classes the gym anything really .
i 've traveled to some places i 'd never vacation to visit family and caught away games for my hockey team .
but not phoenix ... what is it like there anyway ?
is it like a denser city or more sprawled ?
only south west place i 've been is vegas which i imagine is not like the rest of the area .
i 'm not talking about individual interests but the point of schooling .
more and more the point of higher education is to prepare a person for a specific career and nothing more .
i propose that this is both harmful to society as a whole and a symptom of the harm that has been done to society .
as someone who is currently in a trade and trying to go back to school in a stem field i am far from trying to otherize stem people but rather commenting on a larger trend in education .
my friend was there and helped get people out and took care of an injured man with the shoulder injury .
what 's really scary is if the bus had hit a few seconds later he could have been seriously hurt as he was just leaving sainsbury 's .
he saw the body of the woman who was killed and was there until they started bringing the kids down .
an officer advised them to leave so they did n't see the kids he said he could hear one screaming but only one .
he also got quite a few people home getting them into taxis etc .
he also said was right after the crash the police had n't turned up and people were crowding forwards to take pictures and videos rather then helping the injured .
they were getting in the way and were n't letting people who were inside have any space once they were out .
i did n't question him about it i just let him tell it because it 's a lot to go through .
i might get more details later but he 's speaking to the police tomorrow as a witness .
i 'm not too tall but my shower is very short and there 's something wrong with the base end of the neck so that if i lift the sprayer more than about one inch above my head it just falls back down to the one inch line or below .
it 's especially bad because the water pressure in my house is terrible .
it 's actually impairing my ability to clean my hair .
like i said the evidence we have merely suggests that ference will be a regular healthy scratch which is not ideal for a captain .
it does not explicitly suggest hall is who it would fall to .
ference has said he knows who he would pick as the next captain if he had to give it up but never said who his suggestion is .
3 shots in that period coming off 2 goal-less games in a row .
probably either the carl 's jr western bacon burger you hardees people do n't know what you 're missing or five guys with like the entire restaurant on the burger .
i added you to the whitelist it 'll be great to have you aboard .
obviously you have zero idea of what you are talking about .
as a legal professional there is no need to warrant a warning shot '' nor does this situation constitute informing the intruder that she was armed .
in this case the deniability of a familiar partner accompanied by the fact she asked the deceased to positively identify themselves makes for a just cause and rules out excessive use of force .
edit also for the sake of clarifying excessive force excessive force is the concept of utilizing a nuclear weapon to eliminate a cockroach .
this situation most familiar to stop the would be assailant is not excessive when a firearm is used .
the total number of bullets fired also does not mean it is excessive force .
in most situations when a fight or flight condition is triggered in humans whilst utilizing a firearm more munition is expended then thought .
police find themselves in this situation and they are trained professionals .
a slightly sweaty colt jogs trough the gate of yamaku his shirt clearly stained from his excruciating run .
jeez have n't had a run like that for ages '' he laughs to himself and he slows to a walk his running blade making its usual clacking noise .
with a smile on his face he shuts his eyes as he walks .
puffing out breaths as he trots along at the same time absent mindedly walking straight into the late of another student with a sudden bump
fun fact the current rules are the original rules .
when liverpool won the champions league everton came fourth and entered the champions league qualifying round .
the rule was then changed only to be changed back after we got fucked by it .
why is the memory at 98 when all the numbers added up probably are n't 2gb .
so go to control panels system and check your installed memory .
idk but i can evemail it to you tomorrow if you need it
and a new diet on top of having a new baby is rough .
kudos to the moms who do it but i do n't blame those who do n't one bit .
yooooo my fiancée and i are moving into our place in north east raleigh tomorrow .
would chill and talk about manga and anime and video games and basketball and weed and beer for sure !
we 're still getting settled but let 's make plans sometime !
you 're right you could have picked from hundreds of better chick-flick romantic comedies .
he 's not good enough to go pro ... are you high ?
how many hours per week would you say you work ?
for example how many hours writing material performing setting up gigs etc .
there is no justifiable reason to bomb any hospital ever .
what is worse is double-tap '' bombing of emergency personnel and hospitals where there are delays in setting off the ordinance where first responders catch it in the second and third detonation waves .
this is done intentionally in order to make ems people even more scared when responding to already-horrific situations .
look it up i 'm not going to tell you who does it .
you 'd have to look that up by the model to be sure but it 's very likely .
and yeah if you were within the margin of error of the radar it would be impossible to prove you were speeding and it would be dismissed .
figured this was a troll ... if it is it 's a damn good photoshop .
we are n't going to get an a recruiting class with another 6-6 season he 's been exposed .
i have ap and honestly it would take offering at least 3 of those guys for me to even reply to the other manager .
written in 1605 and has oddest meta-story i 've ever read .
there was an unauthorized sequel written and the original author then wrote a real sequel referencing the unauthorized one and how wrong it was .
edit one bit of the sequel i remember is that on his adventure don quijote meets the author of the unauthorized book and signs an affidavit that they never knew each other prior .
perhaps the title was misleading or offensive in chinese japanese ?
i would n't know because i ca n't read it .
they published it as 930. i only found out the game was on by checking ultiworld 's twitter feed which also had the link published .
if your gun jams or you do n't know how to efficiently reload you can kill much more with a machete .
i want us r/coloradoavalanche to all get suits like him wear them to a game for rycroft appreciation day .
i think its like the word debt '' some pronounce it dett '' and others dept ''
it slides and the rear window also is a hatch http i.imgur.com/fvks7pw.jpg .
lmao at conger and valbuena patty cake at the end there
there are people with horses that are a similar size to that dog and they do n't let their horses live in the house .
you are n't allowed to have horses in the city .
why are you allowed to keep a horse-sized dog in the city ?
you wan na borrow a pen from mr. dnett ?
give your phone you little parasite and maybe you can remember not to disrupt class next time .
would n't say the second one was fucked up it was blocked .
if/when millis overflows you will have a problem unless you account for it .
this is kinda messy but would work i did n't test it though so might have small errors .
if you just put a cover over it when you heat it that really is n't necessary .
did n't see you wanted poltergeist ... just got it so i 'll add that in
i can start breeding in an hour or so i 'll let you know when i 'm done .
to be honest with you non-matching displays drives me absolutely insane and i bought matching ones as soon as i could afford them
it takes forever and only gives you a small amount .
but by all means you can do whatever you want we 're not here to stop you .
pretty difficult to solo though since it 's a mobile defense mission .
bring energy restores and good weapons if you want to solo this .
if you want to try running in a group go to pluto cerberus .
with a pilf hydroid+3 random people you can get thousands in 4 rounds i 've seen between 2k-4k
i noticed that sean was n't actually playing though lmao
the mauser 'broomhandle ' was also the base for han solo 's blaster
hunter is my alt but the two guys i play with most both main hunters and the hammer drives them bonkers .
do you know guys that the official 0.12 is still full of bugs so why working on 0.13 ... .when 0.12 is not even fully functional .
i stayed alive way more days than this this one time .
most of them are huge horse pills or they want you to take it for like weeks and weeks 3x a day before it supposedly helps .
and that adds up money wise not to mention that 's a lot of pills you know .
joint juice comes in a few different types there 's single drinks too costly and hard to find for what you get imo and there 's the shot a day 16 day dose which i have found good luck with .
there is a new type i 've seen online that is drops you can add to any drink but i have no personal experience with that formula .
i recently moved to canada and they do n't sell joint juice here so i 've had to struggle without something comparable .
places like walgreens and grocery stores that sell it often have sales or offer b1g1 every so often so i try to stock up at those times or get rainchecks if they are out so i can stock up when they get it back in .
it brings something that 's usually 15-20 down to like 12 which is much more cost friendly .
you will definitely know within one bottle if it is likely to work for you so it 's only a few bucks wasted if it does n't help .
i would look at the amazon reviews first though to see if it seems like a good fit for you .
i 'm a big proponent of reviews before i buy .
wasting money on things that do n't work sucks .
back in my leo days i would call that an assault my state did n't have battery '' .
pretty much the same thing as spitting on someone or throwing a water balloon at them .
technically an assault ... proving intent without a confession might be tricky but plenty of probable cause for an arrest imo .
plus the general public disgust at the whole well-publicized rolling coal '' thing would make such a charge viable .
i 've done some staining before and went to 400 and it seemed to have been absorbed fine but i 'll have to look into that now .
i 've added a quick sketch up model to show what i am making .
let me know what crazy errors you see in my design .
the holes on the bottom are for legs that i have .
i wish there was a more of a focus on screening and studying human beings such that ssris are not prescribed if a certain set of physical conditions are n't met because of potential violent situations .
certainly a part of the public is ultra sensitive to these chemicals in a bad way and more research should be done as well as pre-screening before administering them .
i think there 's some good ones at forever 21 for around 6 .
i just have one pair of nike ones but one of my friends told me that they were pretty good quality .
try those out and if they do n't work you 're only out 6 .
you were actually pretty damn toxic i do n't know what you 're talking about .
my toc dropped an engram and the legendary i got from the same strike was a telesto .
i 'm quite intrigued about matsumae up til now we 've always seen her eyes as almost completely black and now her corneas are differing in size might be a simple drawing mistake but the significant size difference makes me think not .
i 'm wondering whether this is a genetic mutation for her too which would possibly explain why there are suddenly ghouls who can detach their kagune nutcracker=chimera eto=half .
anyhow i hope we get to see a good fight from her and mairo as she was called tsukiyama 's knight '' .
in all fairness adding additional spices would not make it taste less like food .
just a different food than what you would like .
robin hood begins with the hampster dance song https youtu.be/4csb_gnnflm ? t=44 .
i have alarm clock plus and a lot of the time the alarm just does n't go off .
i 've checked steam and somehow own some of these bloody steam sales !
i 've got project cars but lasted 16minutes ... way too sim like
burnout revenge/takedown pro street and underground are the top notch for me ...
i 'm not going to address your point when you start off with a downvote and completely ignore mine .
my dad was horrified my mum burst out laughing .
also that 's galileo 's equation not newton 's .
it was even worse and more hilarious when his ign was lee .
my question is this then brief back story too can i feed my mealworms styrofoam and then feed them to other insectivores or does the plastic make them toxic ?
and the rng god said you will receive one of my gifts that i can bestow you to make you a legend among other legends in due time '' .
next dlc drops ... .. hey guys i got an eyasluna ... .too bad its after another hc nerf . ''
arena is my second most played mode but i 've quickly realized that the best way to play it is not to fight and since the farming is so boring and instantaneous it does n't lend itself to being exciting .
i barely play arena anymore besides when there are promotions going on because getting a good clean fight is too difficult for both sides .
i do n't see how it would be flimsy for what you posted .
this https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=cwrvug5fan8 is the first thing that came to my mind .
that and a lot of doujins ... the anguished oink cries out for help ! ''
are you sure you do n't mean 10cm x 10cm ?
this would show the people that already most of their food is gmo and they are feeling fine .
not only food also other things produced by gmos like the insulin most diabetics are using .
i think it would help against the negative stigma .
yeah i went back and added my nick when they announced the update to the contest .
i did not write to robots because he is not respnsoble for eu who is ?
and i figured his inbox is exploding as it is ...
i love how he says he ca n't because it 's illegal .
if anyone else says that it would sound stupid and obvious but saying it with that look of anger and disappointment makes it sound like a genuine consideration to him .
less graphic than tucker and jamie but possibly more terrifying .
everyone is on their phones 8 hours a day .
you 're paying money so you can pay other people money .
i found a place to rent in two weeks in 2015 without using an imaginary broker .
take it to mexico and get a free gaming pc
she 's not related but they took her in after her family died .
it 's all explained in mettaton 's house the one next to napstablook 's accessible with the key from bratty and catty 's shop
fuck it i 'm not married so i do n't know how things work in a marriage .
but i do n't see myself asking for permission for things like this if i do ever get married i think letting her know if enough .
again ... not a marriage expert so i might be wrong .
it 's the times square of los angeles a giant hellhole tourist trap designed to quarantine the tourists away from the local residents .
honestly i cant think of much that offends me .
the only thing that really gets me heated is extremely ignorant claims opinions .
i 've only been angry once on this account at what someone has said and its just because they were being unbelievably stupid .
anyone on ps4 want to get into the room ?
looks like overwatering i find that at this age they do n't need a very deep pot and it can actually cause water to be retained for too long .
mine is in a grow room with temps at 80-90f in the summer 14 hours of light and i still do n't have to water it very often .
um so as one dude to another you sir have great penis
i 've never played a competitive game with less than 70 ping .
nobody is going to download your binary but anyway a few minutes of googling gave me that .
maybe since its on ios eventually the android version will get it too .
here 's how i removed the lag from my g3 .
flashed cloudyg3 2.2 purchased nova launcher prime to activate the double tap on screen to lock .
the stock launcher is too heavy and not very optimized that it makes the g3 feel laggy .
if you 've got more questions feel free to ask .
well ne zha can be crazy with a bit of lifesteal .
land even one crit and he gets a quarter of his hp back .
there 's no excuse for bastet with crits though so i 'd blame it on new players coming from steam .
so i was a bad fan for not wanting to fire a coach that literally got us 9-10 wins a season .
but now i 'm the bad fan because i do n't like a coach who may get us 4 wins this season and threw his qb under the bus ?
i do n't care if it was actually armstrong 's fault he 's still a fucking kid and does n't deserve that .
if we do end up being bowl eligible it will be because the players not the coaches .
omfg i love your answer you 're major dick .
for giving the definition of a plant ... . and i love it .
i only wish i could up vote this more .
it should be the same in the ww1 mod as it is in the base game .
if you find the defines.lua file for the mod which should be in the hearts of iron 3/mod/ww1mod/common folder then you can open that with notepad or a similar program and control-f search for wargoal_add_cooldown .
then just change the number there from 1 to 0.0000000000001 or something similar and the cooldown changes from a month to an hour .
definitely the i 'm just saying '' face pursed and inverted lips or teeth together smile/expression and raised eyebrows .
it acknowledges what you just said without being too overpowering or commanding attention
i know i was just fucking around about how smelly it makes your urine .
well so ... in the more extreme cases of mental incompetence they are a ward of the state or of caregivers or custodians etc .
the person or people in charge of their wellbeing are responsible for their doings .
for example if a person with an extreme case of retardation goes and spraypaints their name on a wall the person who was in charge of them takes the fine because it was their responsibility to keep a handle on the retarded person 's activities .
as you can see by the tagging in la there 's a lot of retarded people and few responsible caregivers .
so if hypothetically caregivers left 2 mentally incompetent people who commonly have fully functioning sex drive and rarely any inhibitions about sex alone long enough to reproduce the caregivers would be legally responsible .
perhaps i should edit my post to add an emoticon .
my understanding is that it has something to do with a benzofuran ring substitution in the chemical structure .
but yeah it 's a pretty dumb term considering everyone knows what a benzodiazepine is .
we should kickstart a dramatic reading of this by samuel l jackson .
but it seems it 's not that unique since a lot of people seem to have it .
also ca n't wait to see what you do after you finish reading it .
i just wanted to know because i wanted to be a knight and my friends want to play samurai would i be able to play with them or would i have to change to samurai because that would be a bit shit c
i 've noticed a huge influx of troll questions posted by brand new accounts .
my first experience with an employment agency i was contacted two days after i submitted my resume and i had the job they submitted me for the next day .
unfortunately i was laid off from that job a little over a year later .
now i feel like whenever an employment agency contacts me about a position i never hear back again .
this has happened at least a dozen times even though i have a better resume and more work experience .
is it typical for employment agencies to be this unhelpful ?
ok my galaxy s i-896 finally died in a most unexpected way and some stuff was not backed up .
the touch works the screen just shows a bit of green light around the edges it flickers a bit when i do the unlock pattern which is how i know the touch works .
no computer recognizes it as a drive when it 's plugged in via usb .
i 've found some used phones but they are 100 too much for my old texts and a couple pics .
any idea where i can find a cheap screen replacement or access the phone some other way ?
i noticed that they stopped putting the word enter '' in bold .
when i first started playing the first cards i had put the world enter '' in bold and i was told that the enter abilities only triggered when the cards were cast .
can someone explain to me the impact on the rules if any this change has made ?
35 can be used at gap old navy banana republic athleta and piperlime .
i do n't want to jinx it but i think the next five games are pretty winnable .
oct. 18 vs. chiefs our defense matches up well against them and it 'll be at home .
i think we can bounce back with a win out of the bye .
i actually think we 're a better team at this point in time .
i actually expect us to drop the ball and lose but we 'll see .
nov. 1 bears they won today but they 're not good .
i think our defense will come through in this game .
cutler does not do well in the face of a mean pass rush and it 's possible they will have already packed it in by this point .
nov. 8 vs. rams another dangerous game against a strong defense .
thankfully it will be at home and i 'm not sure nick foles will have a lot of success against our defense .
vikings have a more talented team but mack on defense and cooper on offense can be trouble .
i think this is the kind of game that ap can control though .
if we win all five games we 're 7-2 .
i think it 's more likely we drop one and go 6-3 .
if we wind up 5-4 we 'll be in trouble because here are the next four after that vs. packers falcons vs. seahawks cardinals .
we 'll cross that bridge when we get to it though .
if we come out of the next five games at 7-2 and 6-3 we 'll be in business .
to be honest i figured we would be 2-2 going into the bye .
i thought the broncos would destroy and demoralize us .
if anything i 'm feeling better than ever after a very close battle against one of the top teams in the league .
with that defense and more showings like that from teddy the vikings can hang with most anyone .
simple question but i missed it is it 100 needed ?
i have n't tried using the g430 with any other game that has voip but whenever someone talks inside of cs go i only hear a fuzz sound and the whole games sound stuffs up .
i have tried with the dongle and without surround/not and none of them work .
my drivers are up to date and i have not changed anything in the software .
basically i followed the little guide at my cc to transfer to a csu so i was under the impression that i took care of all the lower divs .
however i was wandering around my.sjsu and my transcript did n't show most of those classes but instead shows a checklist of the lower divs i still need .
i was going to do a walk-in appointment with a counselor this week as it was basically impossible scheduling an appointment check at midnight my ass .
i also have some unofficial transcripts printed out to show the counselors .
i now have at least 20000000 experience points in the woodcutting skill .
i am working on a ui heavy rpg and working through the character creation menu and getting tons of null reference errors while working with the ui text components .
i have been having tons of trouble with this project particularly around using the new ui .
i would appreciate any assistance as this is my first foray into a legitimate game development .
i posted a zip of the full project here https www.dropbox.com/s/xb9oy8dxmxtl7mr/rpg.zip ? dl=0 if you have the time/want to put in the effort of helping me get better .
my structure could be terrible but i am having a really hard time finding any kind of best practices with unity as there are 18 ways to do everything .
for the particular issue it is after the stat allocation '' menu and once you load the information '' panel of the menu .
for reference the structure of this menu system is one scene character creation with an fsm controlling multiple states select class stats info finish each state has it 's own panel and when the others are n't in use they are just deactivated via the setactive method .
i 'm fairly certain that is a terrible way to do it but it has worked so far .
now once you load the info panel and enter the info state the console just goes nuts with null reference errors referencing the strength.text '' component which i know was working just fine a second ago .
it points to the stat allocation script line 131 which is
as i said that works perfectly in the stats state but i am not sure why it is throwing all these errors at me once i leave that state .
the statallocation script is here http pastebin.com/adgkwfxq and the charactercreation fsm script is here http pastebin.com/dtgqxqpm .
i am currently living with sage owned by domus and after reading many posts about moving out problems has anyone experienced bad moving out problems with these guys ?
i do n't want to be charged a ton for moving out and having to pay for damages ''
i 'm currently procrastinating on my first essay in university .
i have done this my whole life and i realize i will no longer be able to pull this off in uni .
i think i would really benefit from having ritalin or adderall for when i need to study or do assignments .
anyone on these think it would be a good or bad idea ?
i have literally sat on my computer for hours with 13 tabs open of useful information to write with but can not put down more than a paragraph without getting distracted for two hours .
i 've been getting laggy moments here and there when playing with the wii u game pad usually when running fast in a sidescroller or when in combat in action games
i 've searched online and have n't heard anything about this .
in fact i 've heard the wii u pad is even faster than some tvs
i 'd like a fix for it if possible playing precision platformers is a nightmare !
i just want to say how awesome it was that yall fixed the point system when a teammate leaves .
i was in a duel and my team ate leaves in the first 30 seconds and after losing 4-1 i only went down 1 point .
trying to compare tlaloc with overflow to other omolon scouts such as the hung jury and tuonela sr4 .
background moving to a new place have all sorts of new bills and working out automatic payments so they do n't get left in the shuffle .
that said is there any clear advantage to either setting all the e-payments to push '' out from my bank account or to have each utility pull '' in payment ?
... equals 11 x 12 x 13 x 14 .
make sure you guys load up on the epilepsy/seizure warnings to cover your asses because goddamn this game is blinding .
i just finished armikrog and i ca n't shake the feeling that there 's something i missed .
on the second cable-car ride leading to the slashed door with the mother on it there is a path that branches off .
it 's inaccessible due to one of those wheels with the track groove on it .
the wheel has a flame pattern and the little gear to turn it appears to be on the far side .
even when completing the victory lap '' to hear all the squids tell the story again in english i did n't see a way onto this part of the track .
but i was able to complete the game as well so is it not critical ?
a year has passed since i had posted on here and nothing much has changed .
i 've just been in bed all day staring at the ceiling thinking about what to do with my life and of course to no decision .
i 'm now 17 and a half and in half a years time i 've got to serve the army as it is compulsory for boys in singapore to do so .
i 'm really nervous to go to the army i do n't know very much about it but it definitely does n't seem like the place i want to be .
i 've seen documentaries and heard stories from my dad and older brother and it does n't seem like i could last very long in there .
i ca n't handle stress and definitely would n't want army officers to scream at me everyday .
i 've read something about lowering a pes score to for them to give me less physically and mentally demanding tasks but i 'm still worried that i might not get the correct prescription or something and i 'm starting to have more and more suicidal thoughts everyday .
i do n't know what to do right now .
thank you all for reading and i hope you all have a great day
this is x posted over at r/homeimprovement but i wanted some ideas from here as well .
i am wanting to do some remodeling of my kitchen but i am trying to decide if i can get away with a facelift vs a full remodel .
i 'm hoping to save some and still get a decent kitchen out of the deal .
we want to leave the existing cabinets as is but maybe provide a face lift with new doors and hinges .
we also want to remove the island to open the kitchen up and move the dishwasher currently in the island to the other side of cabinets .
as for the floors we want to lay some linoleum down and replace the window that 's in there and a light fixture .
based on these things do you believe that this kitchen can be made presentable without ripping cabinets out and such ?
oh we would also get rid of the knotty pine wall and turn it into drywall and paint the kitchen .
edit i forgot about the countertops and kitchen sink we definitely want to replace those as well !
do n't know specifically what i 'm looking for but my main goal is to find someone interesting to talk to .
a little anxious but i 'm doing my best to overcome it .
i expect someone respectful caring understanding and close to my age .
i 'm a sweet and kind girl who will try my best to put a smile on your face .
our interests do n't have to be all that similar by the way .
mike and i spoke with kyunghoon for more than two and a half hours about his genius experience from pre-casting all the way through the end of season 4 and even the future of the show .
i 'll also shamelessly add please support my genius games kickstarter now this is your last chance so do n't miss out !
deduction and racing stripe are at-home versions of black white and monorail .
learn more like how the deduction cards are self-reading you do n't need dealer nuna 's help to play and get your games for only 25 via http www.thegreatscott.com/games
spoilers for those who havent read the latest chapter i wasnt really sure how to tag this .
so i was wondering what you guys thought that the power was ?
or is it the power within baam as an irregular ?
seeing as this is the voice that appeared to baam after obtaining the thorn it makes sense that the thorn is the source of the power .
but at the same time the gog said that jahad struggled with the same power and i doubt he had a similar thorn .
hi all i 'm a filmmaker/social media specialist job title looking to start my own thing .
i 'm not big into shooting hollywood movies or things like that i simply want to apply my skills into something that i enjoy doing .
i 'm really big into cars and automotive in general and i want to use youtube to create educational/entertaining videos showcasing cars people in their 20 's can afford for their first legit buying experience .
i want to use the social media side of my talents to drive traffic to the page to gain subscribers and grow a following on facebook .
eventually i would like to take this little venture to a website that can host all our content while providing automotive journalism to correspond with the videos i produce .
i 've established a name started the channel and facebook page .
currently i 'm working on getting a few weeks content ready to post as well as artwork/logos .
owner said its pure bread but it looks too fuzzy imo .
so i was doing a little digging on the egyptian god osiris usually identified as the god of the afterlife the underworld and the dead ... osiris was considered not only a merciful judge of the dead in the afterlife but also the underworld agency that granted all life.. ''
i was thinking this could tie into the story seeing as how chief is dead '' this may parallel the story signifying locke and fireteam osiris may be merciful judge and grant life to chief and blue team .
merrill singer introduction to syndemics a critical systems approach to public and community health john wiley sons 2009
my son 7 has decided he would like to graduate to bigger games and no longer will play games that he perceives as being for kids '' .
this is good for me of course because he 's my main gaming partner and i 'm candidly just as tired of the kids ' games as he is even if for different reasons .
the problem is that he loves conflict-heavy games and most of my bigger games shade euro .
his favorite games are summoner wars marvel dice masters king of tokyo mice and mystics and small world .
i really really like summoner wars to my surprise but could take or leave the rest although m m is fun as an experience more than it is as a game .
we 've landed a few decent compromises '' in jamaica zooloretto and augustus but he recently told me that the latter two are too simple for him to play often which i understand .
a couple of recent successes have been memoir '44 which he understands at a basic level but will need repeated play to understand strategy ... so i 'm optimistic that it will have some meat for us thief of baghdad surprising because it 's so abstract but he loves blocking me out of my actions which has been an incredibly effective strategy and aladdin 's dragons played without the magic cards and the magic cards will give that game some life down the road so that 's great too .
so i wonder if there are any games i 'm overlooking that could appeal to both of us .
4 optimized for 2p whether or not it plays more is irrelevant .
i realize i just described summoner wars so perhaps i need to be satisfied with what i have ?
i 'm looking forward to tail feathers and will wait for that after briefly considering x-wing .
the other i 've considered is manoeuvre but it looks too simple for me and too dry for him .
i 'm looking into imperial stars ii but maybe it swings too far into the complicated side ?
i could also mention that we both really like lord of the rings the card game but he does n't like the cooperative nature of it and asked recently if there was a way to play it against each other .
the problem though is that he also sometimes needs help clarifying the card effects and especially the combos .
this is why it works as a coop for us at the moment .
are there any flashlights that will take either 1x18650 or 1/2xaa with reduced output i know ?
i 'm trying to find a flashlight that is flexible with fuel .
hi all i 'm a lurker who frequented here when i was pregnant with my son a couple years ago .
i have about a week before i can test my period is expected and i 'm feeling pretty nauseous basically all day whether i eat or not .
i do n't seem to be getting better/worse if it were illness and have no other symptoms pregnancy-wise or illness-wise .
this would be super early to feel morning sickness i would imagine .
last time it started around week 6 for me i have a son now .
i also never barfed just felt terrible for about 6 weeks and it went away around week 12 .
would it be different/earlier with a girl or multiples ?
i realise it is probably a long shot but if there are any ladies interested just let me know
wizardry 8 is a crpg that i discovered in junior high school and find myself revisiting every time i crave a grand adventure .
this video is a sort of a tribute and if it turns even a few people on to this wonderful game that would be really cool !
i hope we get another grand rpg like this soon .
grimrock for me is the closest any recent games have come to this style but even grimrock is lightyears away from this game .
you must live nearby in either monmouth or ocean county .
i 'm pretty open-minded regarding looks and body type .
i tend to lean towards curvy woman but it 's not a requirement .
i 'm looking for someone that would like to meet up once or twice a week for a couple hours .
i love oral doggy being ridden and many others .
if you 're home during the day or can step out for a little while i 'd love to chat and see if we click .
hey there i want to theme my audacious but ca n't find any guides/tutorials or even decent themes/skins that i could use as a starting point .
i kinda want to make it look like my foobar2000 on windows
what company does everyone suggest in terms of renting a camper for late aug-early sept 2016 ?
we 'll be leaving from reykjavik ... travelling on the ring road for approx 13 days ... with side-trips and potentially some f-roads along the way ... what we 're looking for
edit i found gocampers http www.gocampers.is which looks promising ... .any others ?
obsession turned into business when i started giving tours of pizzerias in nyc back in 2008 .
that led me to a string of other pizza gigs like an award-winning column for pizza today magazine judging culinary pizza competitions running a nonprofit called slice out hunger and publishing a book viva la pizza !
the art of the pizza box available on amazon http www.amazon.com/viva-pizza-the-art-box/dp/1612193072 about my guinness world record pizza box collection .
thinking about bagging a copy of imperial assault or already well down the rabbit hole ?
we 're doing a mission-by-mission review of an entire campaign which hopefully might help sell you on what 's a seriously strong game .
or just a fun read if you 're already a keen player .
you 'll find imperial assault is full of surprises which will invariably be ruined for you to some degree if you read along with our campaign .
if you 're thinking about buying it chances are you 'll end up taking control of the empire side anyway in which case you 're in control of all the secrets regardless .
the first couple of pieces are here with more to follow just as quickly as we can keep getting four rebels and a couple of sith lords round a pub table .
i got a friend into it but i 'm hoping for something larger than a two person meta ha ha .
eu gostava muito de ver cartazes de cavaco silva e da sua doutrina política nas ruas de portugal .
era sempre melhor do que um anúncio que seja .
joao paulo comes with his first release in compacto records bringing some original techno tracks .
enjoy and send your demos to compacto records via soundcloud or facebook .
have you read the sidebar and rules http www.reddit.com/r/buildapc/wiki/rules ?
if gaming what kind of performance are you looking for ?
post a draft of your potential build here specific parts please .
http www.reddit.com/r/buildapc/wiki/pcpp do n't ask to be spoonfed a build read the rules !
pcpartpicker part list http pcpartpicker.com/p/yzhtgx price breakdown by merchant http pcpartpicker.com/p/yzhtgx/by_merchant
note you do not have to follow this format but please be sure to answer these questions .
please do not ask to simply be given a build .
so very recently my live-in boyfriend and i broke up .
when i met him i had just lost about 60lbs .
i was feeling confident and happy and we fell in love .
slowly over the course of 3 years i started to put on weight .
it was 5lbs here then 10lbs now clothes were n't fitting now it 's getting pretty noticeable ... then oh shit what did i do ? ? ?
who is this person in the mirror staring back at me ?
i was back to my highest weight 3 years later .
of course i tried to stop this along the way and i failed every time .
i 'd get into something for a week and then find a way to excuse myself out of it .
then onto the next thing that was going to totally change my life and after two weeks nothing .
my boyfriend ... er ... ex ... supported me in the beginning and then did n't really believe i 'd do anything to change after a while .
i 'd said the same thing 40 times before .
so now here i am facing a future that i had n't prepared for .
i thought my boyfriend and i would spends our lives together we talked about so many plans .
those are all gone now and i 'm left with a huge hole in my chest .
and all i can think about is if i had done something about my weight two years ago when i first started to notice it creeping up i would n't be in this situation right now .
all i can think about right now is changing myself .
i had a chance for the life i wanted and i blew it so i need to use this pain to fuel me on this time .
something changed in me when he said we were done .
i know this is n't healthy but i just could n't .
i felt like i went on a hunger strike because i was so pissed off at food .
i know that was n't healthy but i did n't care .
after a week i decided to go back on food but i wanted to do it in a healthy way .
i do n't want to eat food for pleasure anymore i do n't like what that does to me .
i do n't care if what i eat taste good i just want to eat it so that i 'm not hungry .
so now i am choosing lean proteins healthy fats vegetables some grains i am limiting carb intake and sticking to a calorie goal each day logging everything that goes into my body .
i work from home sitting on my ass all day and then when my day is over i tend to just melt into the couch .
the thing is i hate exercising and i find very flimsy excuse i can to skip out on workouts until i eventually just stop .
so i have been forcing myself to walk everyday to at least start with building a habit of carving the time out of my day to do something active .
and the walks feel good i end up walking for miles and it gives me time to think about my life .
but i also know that just walking burns so few calories and i will need to change that at some point .
i want to be one of those people who get a high from working out .
who spend everyday doing something active because they love it .
i 've never been one of those people but i know i have it in me to do so .
i just have to figure out where my roadblocks are and break those down .
does it seem like i 'm on the right path starting out .
have you ever been fueled to change your life after a heartbreak and how 'd that work out for you ?
are there any books or blogs or articles people could recommend that could help me start to understand my psychological relationship with food ?
and i 'm selfishly looking for cheerleaders who can tell me i can and will do this this time .
anyone out there who 's game to form a squad .
i 'm really enjoying this game but i 'd love to have a team of players who all have pics .
if anyone is down then be sure to let me know !
so a little bit of background i 'm an outdoor camp instructor and i lead and conduct activities mostly for kids ranging from 7 to 18 years old and what happened during the period of time where i worked there really spooked me out and i just found out about this site a few days ago and felt like i finally found the platform for me to share these stories .
i 'm just going to jump right into the first story .
it 's night 1 of the 3d2n camp and all the kids were super hyped so naturally they were reluctant to go to bed we had to push them to sleep for a good 30 to 45 minutes which is way longer than the usual timings .
and we usually do our final debrief and discussion for the day and get to shower and our precious few hours of sleep before starting the activities for the next day again .
so lights out time is the highlight of our whole day .
after putting the kids to sleep it was about 12am all of the trainers went to do our final debrief a brief area cleaning .
the final debrief lasted for about another 45 minutes everyone is super exhausted by now and it was about 1 or 2am .
this is the only timing that we are allowed to go out of campsite for a smoke since the kids are sleeping .
the smoke break usually lasts for about slightly more than an hour with everyone sharing stories about their kids and really just random things .
so after smoking we trudged back into the campsite .
ash and i strolled back into the campsite last and noticed two boys coming out of the dorms .
so we thought like oh probably just to use the toilet '' but then we saw that they were holding onto something .
naturally we walked up to them and upon closer inspection they had their toiletries and towel in their hand so we asked where are you doing up at this hour ? ''
the two boys just said the female instructor woke us up she said it 's 6am and we 're late for breakfast . ''
in complete unison it was like they were in a trance .
ash and i were the only two female instructors in this whole camp .
we knew that something is happening but we could n't let the kids suspect anything so we just brushed it off and said you know what time is it now ?
ash and i were super sweaty and sticky from a whole day of activities and it was the hottest period of the year .
about 32 degrees 90 fahrenheit so we just took a really quick shower so we could sleep earlier .
as we were walking back to our dorm ash suddenly mumbled what the fuck ? ''
under her breath so i naturally turned to the direction where she was looking .
two different boys walk out of the same dorm as before .
we half jogged to the boys and asked if they were going to shower and have breakfast .
they said yes again as if they were in a trance .
ash and i confirmed that there was something happening in the dorm so we sat outside their door after sending the two boys back in .
5 minutes later we hear some paper bags rustling from inside the dorm and two different boys appeared at the door so a total of 6 boys now with their toiletries and towels in their hands .
yeah she 's shouting at everyone and asking us to wake up for breakfast .
i would be lying if i said i was n't completely freaking out but i had to keep my composure as a trainer/instructor in front of my 9-year-old boys .
i grabbed ash 's arm as the two boys lead us into the dorm .
no signs of anyone else other than the kids in the dorm .
i turned to the boys and said where 's the trainer ? ''
there ... '' they pointed at the darkest corner of the room .
ash finally spoke up it just the trainer pranking you.. go to sleep .
we will wake you up in the morning when it is time . ''
the two boys went back to sleep and we 've never moved away so fast from the kids before .
no one spoke about the incident and the six boys who the female trainer '' woke up does n't remember anything about what happened when we asked them about it the next day .
this one happened in the same campsite as the first one .
so finally the lights out time came and we do the usual pushing the kids to sleep and final debrief and whatnot .
so the next morning came by way too quickly .
i got up and got dressed and went straight to the canteen where my kids were told to assemble at .
3 of my boys looked super tired and i asked if they slept well .
you guys are so mean.. '' one of them said .
i took a gulp of my water and looked at my buddy trainer amirul and the boys said you ask us to sleep and then when we finally fall asleep you guys are so noisy you woke us up again . ''
naturally i was really puzzled as to what he was saying because as far as i could remember all the trainers knocked out really early the night before .
there were three trainers wearing ponchos playing catching right by the windows of our dorm.. you were really loud.. ''
this placed was used as a execution site around 1942 .
i 'm certain that it was not the trainers who were in ponchos .
nahh we were really bored last night so we decided to play some catching . ''
amirul said apologetically to my boys and they somehow bought it .
i still have a few if you are interested but i have to get ready for work now .
edit this is a picture of the dorm room the kid was pointing at the dark space on the left of the picture
i created a throw-away cause i fear this will just sound like gloating .
i 'm complimented often can get a guy to fall for me easily .
they do n't see my low self esteem though they do n't see the little girl who was always picked on and made fun of for having red hair freckles and pale skin .
i grew up in a community where i was looked down upon for having red hair .
so at the age of 10 i started dying my hair avoiding sunlight to try to lose freckles .
i 'm now 23 and have n't had my natural hair color since i was a kid .
all through out high school i was called fat was told i was a freak .
so i changed again to fit into the 'norm ' that the world expected me to be .
then i graduated high school moved in with my high school sweetheart who started to emotionally abuse me .
day in and day out was him insulting me .
telling me he 's only with me because no one else could ever love someone like me .
now in present day two years after my ex and i broke up i changed immensely trying to find myself .
i present myself how i want to odd hair color piercings black attire .
guys are almost always willing to do anything i ask .
even though i present myself differently from the social norm .
maybe it 's because i 've created this fake persona that is confident and strong .
they see the headstrong punk girl that wo n't back down to a challenge .
when the truth is i 'm riddled with anxiety and worry that people wo n't accept me .
people do n't believe me when i tell them i use to be about 250 pounds since i 'm about 170 now .
people do n't believe me when i open up to them about my self esteem and anxiety because they always see me as a confident woman .
the only people that even slightly know how weak i really am are my brother and mother .
they saw me come home almost every day with a bloody nose from the other kids beating me up .
they saw me hiding under a sweater because i was called fat every day .
they saw me in the hospital the day after i tried killing myself because the one person i committed my life to told me he wished i would have succeed at killing myself .
they 've also watched me grow into the person i am today though .
they watched me create this character with all of this confidence .
the girl who loves attention and goes after the guys she wants .
now any relationship i get into i always think the guy is completely out of my league .
each of them always told me that they were amazed a girl like me even gave them the time of day .
i do n't really know where i 'm going with this maybe i 'm just complaining about my life .
people think i have all of my shit together but i honestly feel like i 'm falling apart on the inside .
i 'm not the person i 've made people believe i am .
i 'm not this strong powerful woman who does n't take shit from no one .
i 'm still that girl who hides under an over-sized sweater and will cry if someone even merely raises their voice at her .
not sure if this question has already been asked before .
ive noticed around 1-2 grams of my coffee 20g is chaff .
a quick browsing of the net shows conflicting views from a few sites .
if insignificant is this a cuppers view on it or is it backed by numbers ?
i go to a small liberal arts college and i met a girl this semester that i really like and want to ask out on a date .
i met her briefly last semester but i 've gotten to know her pretty well this semester .
we 've hung out in a group every weekend of the school year so far and we ended up going to a baseball game together as a part of a school event this past friday .
a couple other people were going to go with us and sit by us but they ended up backing out so it ended up being just me and her sitting together at the game .
i was somewhat attracted to her before the game but now i find myself incredibly attracted to her .
and i do n't just find her physically attractive i find her personality incredibly attractive as well .
in fact the school i go to is a small christian liberal arts college where many people who date end up getting married .
i do n't want to think that far ahead at all but i would definitely say that i view her as having marriage potential . ''
i had so much fun at the baseball game just talking to her and getting to know her i 'd honestly say that was the most fun night of my life .
i 'm a pretty big baseball fan but i found myself more interested in her than the game .
as far as i can tell i 'd say there 's a pretty good chance she likes me as well but i 'm not 100 certain .
she seems to flirt with me when we hang out and she seemed to really try hard to understand what the heck was going on in the baseball game even though she really does n't care about baseball .
she also seemed to be enjoying herself quite a bit as far as i could tell .
as a result of the baseball game i 've decided i want to formally ask her out on a date .
there 's just one problem i realized that my roommate may like her as well .
i think he 's known her a bit longer than i have and he 's been hanging out with me and her in the groups that i was referring to earlier .
in fact most of the times that i have hung out with this girl have been a result of my roommate initiating a group gathering .
the baseball game was the only time i really took initiative to hang out with her on my own .
i decided to talk to my roommate tonight about the situation .
i realized that i might not necessarily want to ask this girl out if doing so would cause major tension between my roommate and i. i asked him if there are any girls that he likes and he said that he kind of likes '' the girl i was planning on asking out and said that he was thinking of maybe asking her out sometime . ''
i then told him that i had been thinking of asking her out and was planning on doing so this tuesday .
he did n't say much initially but eventually said that he was ok with that but he wanted a chance to ask her out on a date after i went on a date with her assuming she says yes to me .
he said he did n't really have anything specific planned for a date and i 'm not sure exactly what his timeline for asking her out was for all i know he may have waited weeks or even months to ask her out .
he then said that we should just see who she likes better .
neither us of really has any dating experience so us both wanting to ask the same girl out is kind of a big deal in my opinion .
i 'm basically just looking for advice on the situation .
i never told my friend/roommate how much i like the girl i simply told him i was thinking of asking her out .
if i had to be honest i think she might like me more than him .
let 's say she says yes to me and we go out on a date this weekend and things go well is there any harm in then letting him ask her on a date ?
i guess i figure that since he said he was ok with me asking her out first i should just go for it .
i really like the girl and if she ends up liking me back i think it would be worth it to date her .
i just hope that doing so would n't ruin my friendship with my roommate .
on the flip side if she likes him more than me which i honestly do n't think she does but i ca n't be certain then it would make sense for him to also ask her on a date and let her choose .
the thing that makes me a bit uneasy is if she says yes to me and really likes me back but then gets asked by my roommate on a date .
so should i go ahead and ask the girl out and just see what happens or should i proceed differently ?
please feel free to give me any other advice you deem appropriate .
tl dr my roommate and i both like the same girl i want to ask her out because i really like her and he said he 's fine with it as long as he can ask her out on a date after i go on a date with her .
there was a story about hostinger hosting awful lot phishing sites https www.reddit.com/r/steam/comments/349p7m/hostingercouk_hosts_over_90_of_all_steam_phishing on reddit and netcraft before .
today an article in lithuanian http www.delfi.lt/news/daily/crime/jauno-kauno-milijonieriaus-zudikas-paslapties-neisduoda.d ? id=69179982 has been published that shed some very interesting details .
the way it is written is suspicious and because it is trying to impose that guy was a pedo .
but i 've got reason to believe that kids were rather making money by scamming others .
the murderer refuses to talk to police although said he was planning to steal guys ferrari without knowing how to drive .
this caused some suspicion to the cops although idea being created in the article is that guy decided to be quiet in order to protect his anus in jail .
i think cops ca n't quite figure out what was happening online although they do suspect .
they manufactured this article essentially creating reasonable doubt that murderer was molested so that once he is in jail he will be for sure molested .
i 'm wanting a 15 '' laptop 2kgs or under with dedicated gpu and 6hrs battery .
i 'm considering getting a used mid-2012 macbook pro retina with the 650m .
i 'll be running windows 50 of the time the rest in osx then linux .
the problem seems to be that windows always uses the dedicated 650m gpu .
how long in battery life can i expect running windows any version natively ie not vmware ?
today i have water deck that attempts to win through locking the active opponents attack .
by all means this deck is pretty silly but it sure entertaining when your opponent find themselves stuck .
black horses should n't win but when they do ...
trying to lazy level my guardian today so i decided to give the most a go ... and well i wo n't say what server i was playing on so i do n't cause a witch hunt but our tag constant led us to our deaths .
he kept trying to be sneaky by doing all these weird jumps people kept falling off ledges or get us to engage on 1v2 heavily sieged choke points or the middle of a pincer move .
so me and my buddy always hang out on my apartment balcony .
normally we just sit and sesh and talk about work and politics etc .
well a few months ago he convinced me to start freestyle rapping .
now i watch alot of battle raps but i 'm not a rapper .
so 5 days a week we are out here just smoking we have some instrumentals going and i 'm attempting to free style .
not thinking much of it it went on for months .
just like usual he 's over and i 'm freestyling and i guess i was pretty loud because when i stopped a woman in the apartment above mine told me to stop .
while 6 teenagers on the street yelled for me to keep going .
did it for months while sitting on my balcony .
today i found out people have heard my off beat shit fest the whole time .
so i received a pm from what appears to be a throwaway account tonight unsolicited with box links to thousands of pages of court documents .
i 'm pretty insecure about not being sure of my sexuality and lacking experience .
should i mess around with bicurious girls to get more experience ?
i am 25 never dated kissed had sex or anything .
i 'm fat have a big flat nose my head is circular in shape so i can never have the much coveted hero jaw .
my skin is an ugly shade of brown not beach tan brown or olive/middle eastern brown that is considered attractive i mean yellowish brown or muddy brown '' .
i 'm southeast asian if you guys still have n't guessed from my description .
i am not implying that my people are ugly there are hot guys from my race but i am not one of them .
i know i should lower my standards to my level but i just ca n't help but fall for those af/calvin klein model looking types even if i know they will never
give me the time of day surely enough i get rejection after rejection .
i 'm a film tv video producer in melbourne .
i come to your magnificent state whenever i can .
there are great opportunities in your region and it 's fun watching your international arts reputation grow .
we 've got some tv concepts we 'd like to bring to tasmania and the acting director of screentas has been encouraging in how we can do that .
first step is to meet tassie producers that we can work with .
i really would like to go to this event but i do n't have a ride .
i know i could take the bus but i 'd much rather meet some new people from the sub that may possibly be going .
if you are going and happen to have an extra seat let me know !
i am of course ok with chipping in for gas and such .
also btw i 'm an asian dude pretty tall and i have a great sense of humor .
we can get to know each other a bit beforehand so you can get a feel for me .
for those of you who have n't gotten the memo we are preparing dalagritu .
if you are playing in open please inform any mahon pilots you come across .
ok so here 's the deal earlier this year i had to pay 3,000 for my 1099 as a recent grad i didnt have the money to pay immediately and couldnt use the installment payments or whatever because i used the option the year before and aparently i cant use it two years in a row ... so an accountant told me to at least pay part of the total amount and then i 'll receive a notice in about two weeks in order for me to pay the rest mind you this was the very last days of the tax due date i know i know never wit until the last minute but i had my reasons .
so i did pay 1000 of what i owed now i never received any notices tried to call the irs to find out exactly how much i owe and when can i make the payments but the keep saying that i would receive a notice in once again 2 weeks ... its been 5 months and nothing ...
i dont know what to do now would i get charged extra ?
today i was lifting after my usual offering of madcow in the form of squats i felt i should make the most of my gains .
i decided to give my most difficult offerings clean and jerks .
i have managed to hit 80kg previously but last week my faith was not strong and after a successful 77.5 i stumbled at 80 .
today i hit 80 brodin 's love filled me and i pressed on determined to hit 82.5 .
i cleaned i composed myself i dropped down and jerked .
it was when i went to clean the bar that i noticed the 1.25s i was sure i put i had been transformed to 2.5s .
he has inspired me i must gain another 5kg to clean and jerk myself .
praise be to brodin reject the tempter in broki .
i 'm looking for a minecraft partner who can play various gamemodes with me minez hypixel sg etc.. and also do some random coop maps parkour adventure or whatever my conditions are someone who is at least 16 years old and above i 'm 17 someone who is mature with a sense of humor a decent microphone skype and can speak decent english .
i do n't leave my house anymore i only leave to go play dnd with my friends .
i was working out volunteering at my local animal shelter i was doing very well in ged classes and i was meeting a lot of nice people and making lots of new friends but most importantly i was happy !
i was excited to wake up talk to all the nice people i knew and meeting new people i was making art again and writing songs and i felt hopeful that my life was going to be great !
i was going to gather up my courage and ask out one of the girls i knew i was going to get my ged i was going to get a job i was going to have a good relationship with my family i was going to go to school and try to make a career for myself .
then i do n't know what happened i feel like my life is spiraling out of control and can see it happening i can see that i 'm miserable lonely and just that i 'm wasting away .
i started questioning my life and i know nothing good comes from it so i tried to drown it out by playing games or watching movies but i 'm just trying to run from myself and i 'm getting tired .
i want to get better i want to run away i want this to stop and i want to do things but i ca n't .
i wake up in the middle of the day i sit down and i watch tv and play video games on my phone and on my consoles i reluctantly eat from time to time and i 'll have some water when i get too thirsty and then i reluctantly go to bed because i get crazy if i do n't sleep i 'm schizophrenic and i take my pills everyday i think i lost my pill case so i guess whether i did or did n't take it already .
reluctantly because i have to lay in bed alone with my thoughts and then i wake up the next day and relive the same crap while my friends are out there living trying to find something to live for while i ask myself what the fucks the point and i know i should n't say that but i honestly do n't think i know anymore .
i was supposed to go back to school sometime in september but now it 's october .
i feel broken i want to go and exercise again i want to talk to my friends i want them to know i 'm fine and i want to be happy and alive again but i just ca n't i just sit around and feel sorry for myself and try to drown out the bad thoughts while i just think about the person i used to be .
i think it might have to do with coming into contact with a girl i used to know i loved her growing up and we had a close relationship together we spent a lot of time hugging holding hands and talking about cartoons anime video games and comic books .
she was my best friend i told her i loved her but she never said anything about it we talked about our problems to each other in high school she 'd talk to me about how she cut herself to make herself feel alive and how bad her boyfriend was and i 'd tell her about all the crazy things i was seeing and how i would not feel good '' my parents got divorced and on top of that i was schizophrenic and we helped each other i 'd take away her scissors glass razor blades and anything she could use to hurt her self and i would tell her that she 's beautiful i loved her and that i wanted her to be safe '' everyday i 'd get her gifts i would even be a jerk to her boyfriend and picked on him every chance i got when she was around to show her she was safe when she was with me i 'd also walk her home and just hung out with her when she asked me to and when i would disappear for a few days from school because i was n't feeling well '' she would text me about how much she missed me and when i 'd come back to school she 'd be so happy to see me and we 'd hold hands and she 'd scold me for having crappy grades and would praise me for getting good grades so that i went to school she even started sitting next to me in all of our classes she 'd switch seats with kids if there was assigned seating i was a troubled kid in high school she 'd make sure i was doing my work and when there were group projects she 'd make sure we were in the same group .
we were good for each other i helped her be strong and protected her so she could feel safe and she helped me to not be such a tough guy to play nice and to be friendly .
when she could n't be strong enough for herself i was there to be strong for her and when i was alone she gave me a friend so that i would n't be alone anymore .
as time went on we became closer and closer but when i dropped out of high school because i had a psychotic break down we could n't be together anymore .
she graduated and went off to college and i fell apart .
as i was fixing myself i found myself missing her i would look back at pictures of us in high school and i would smile i would remind myself that she would want me to get better .
then one day i messaged her and it was great i was finally talking to her she remembered me after being apart for a year i was so happy then i asked her what she had done and she told me metal hospitals '' and i jokingly replied haha metal hospitals ? ''
then she replied mental '' and it started setting in and i replied like in them or working at them ? ''
and her response destroyed me she said in them '' then she told me she is bipolar and i told her about how i 'm schizophrenic and that i know she 's stronger than she thinks she is and that i have faith in her i gave her my number and told her to message me and that i really wanted to catch up with her she did n't respond and still has n't i have n't heard from her since .
i think i 'm crushed that she is in a situation i can relate to and that i ca n't or was n't there for her .
am i blaming myself for not being there for her ?
when i start wildstar i cant see the mouse .
so its very hard to make a character haha p what should i do ?
send an email to me about what i should do .
i finally have time and money enough to build a cannon .
i have the material the equipment and the know-how .
i have one for a 12lb howitzer but i 'd really like a british 6lb'er in the style of their american revolution-era pieces .
any plans or directions to plans are greatly appreciated !
i should note that i do not have a ton of extra cash so i 'd prefer to not be buying the plans .
does anyone have a lead on a book by alfred mordecai ?
i have several pages of cannon designs with measurements again that is very important and they all list his name at the bottom but i can not find anything online other than his work in restoring forts .
but reddit is a two-way street so i propose a trade .
if you guys give up your cannon plans and they do n't need to be original so long as they are based in reality and use black powder i 'll take all the plans i can get i will post pictures and video of the cannon when it 's completed a few months from now .
i just asked myself while watching shrouds stream if pro players already reached their mechanical skill cap '' in terms of movement reaction time aim precision etc .
shroud foe example is playing cs for over 10 years i believe ?
can he if he really tries hard improve on his mechanical skills after such a time ?
same goes for other cs go top tier pros .
can an olofmeister or kennys for example still improve in terms of mechanical skill ?
its not like they are playing only for a couple of months with their setting to get used to it .
does anyone else still have the level 40 version of the undying mind the one where you claim the essence of the feast ?
the only reason i ask this is because it has n't disappeared for me .
all the other extra missions disappeared for me after i completed them such as but not limited to the saber strike the harder version of fear 's embrace and the sunless cell strike .
perhaps there is some sort of trigger in the mission that leads to something and that is why it is repeatable unlike all the rest .
ichinomiya shingo a young 25 years old single company worker while thinking of tomorrow 's busy working day goes to sleep .
however the moment he woke up it was a room unknown to him .
he then learned that he was inside a 6 years-old boy and had taken over his mind .
furthermore he learned a lot from the memories of said boy he was born as the youngest child 8th son and 10th child of a poor noble family living in the back country .
having no administrative skill he could n't do anything to manage the vast land his family has .
fortunately he was blessed with a very rare talent talent of magic .
unfortunately while his talent could bring prosperity to his family in his situation it only brought disaster .
yes this is the story of the boy wendelin von benno baumeister opening his own path in a harsh world .
i have this idea of running consuming dark infernal mantle which gives me 100 fire damage converted to chaos .
as far as i know you would like chaos damage for two reasons
2 most mobs have low/no chaos resistance thus making it easier to build up damage .
since i 'm using a totem is this a bad idea ?
i wo n't ignite but i can poison and i have no issues with reflect .
so i play gazlowe a fair bit but i recently faced a gazlowe that placed a suspicious amount of turrets during one particular team fight 4 turrets in rather quick succession .
this gazlowe picked regeneration master at lv1 so no triple cooldown speed for him .
he also picked reduce reuse recycle so there might have been plenty of scrap in that particular fight .
to my question does cooldown speed stack if gazlowe picks up multiple scraps ?
i watched the replay of the game where i faced the suspect gazlowe and at times his 12s turret cooldown would be reduced to 3-4s when out of turret charges .
so my only conclusion is that picking up scrap will stack the cooldown reduction speed .
his trait reads destroyed enemy structures and your rock-it !
collecting scrap restores 30 mana and causes his abilities to cooldown twice as fast for 3.07 seconds . ''
should n't this mean that picking up scrap when having the full 12s cooldown should shave 0.5s per 1s over 3.07s resulting in 6s thus halving the turret cooldown .
i was going to share the replay file but i seem to have lost is it .
my name is rubén i live in spain and work as sysadmin since 2005 my major knowleadge is in linux environments and my english is kind of rusty p so apologies !
well i want to talk with some of you about some production scenario i have and know what do you think .
we have in production a drupal website hosted on aws with a minor infrastructure .
as you know drupal is one of most used crm in the world .
to try to fix this issues i setup a fail2ban in both ec2 and then i send syslog from backend which have the syslog drupal module activated so i can parse it to the varnish ec2 rsyslog then i can apply some fail2ban rules to protect from ssh drupal attacks and so on .
ok then at aws security group level i just admit connections to backend ec2 apache from the private ip of proxy ec2 varnish .
to try to avoid that someone find the public ip address of the backend and pass the proxy barrier .
but anyway we are experiencing some performance issues with our drupal and the munin graphics tell us that lot of connections against backend 80 in apache happens from time to time .
its possible that if varnish has some pass or pipe rules its enabled tcp connections against the backend and avoids the ec2 security group ?
it has to be the point because when i run a script in real time to visualize the connections from time to time i can see a lot of connections from some ips .
i do n't have installed any qos evasive ddos security module on apache or mods throttle in varnish .
is siri a useful member of your work life or is it just a big apple joke ?
besides making siri call me stupid names ... siri call me fuck face ... .
i have never found her able to do anything that does n't make the whole process frustrating .
i 'm from the uk and reading this sub it seems most of you guys end up shooting in the neck when all your other veins are dead .
in the uk most junkies end up shooting in the femoral vein through the groin when we ca n't get ourselves in our surface veins .
it 's pretty much the end of the junkie road but in the uk most users end up shooting in the groin when they have no other options .
it seems in the us people end up shooting in the neck instead .
just wondering if groin injecting ever happens over the pond ?
hiiiiioooo i have not had one single issue integrating as a female in france the nothern part of normandie .
before moving i was warned that france had an issue accepting transexuals and an issue with them facing a lot of harassment .
i have experienced no harassment only the whistles you can expect from being a tall blonde female from cars driving by or black people on the other side of the road .
now to be fair i am not openly trans but i do get sired sometimes .
so i recently had a run in which i had brimstone/tech .5/1/2 spoon bender lost contact .
i was running through cathedral when i went to isaac and i though whilst fighting him what if spoonbender brimstone also went over all the tears if you had lost contact ? ''
this would be cool looking laser bending over itself and every where on the screen to get all the tears and would also stop from those cheeky tears sneaking past your beam and hitting you .
which of these two above average humans has the best mental defense ?
bonus who is the strongest that they could defend against if they could combine their tp resistance ?
so has moved across the country to pursue her dreams but i am still in our home town as i have my dream job .
currently i 'm seriously struggling without seeing her everyday and not fully knowing when we can next see each other .
we text and skype every day but im terrified of us drifting apart .
while i 'm searching on google i know that communities can help a lot .
do you know any possible company chat to host locally ?
we already run openfire but maybe there are other alternatives .
would be nice to have the support not only for windows that is not related to openfire but to chat clients/servers .
for the ones that says 'why openfire is not good ? ' .
we use pidgin as client and we find a bit cumbersome the organization of rooms permissions bla .
never looked into getting a house loan before but i have some work as a roustabout in shearing sheds working for different contractors just working for whoever needs me and wan na look at buying a house in the next year or two .
wondering how i would go getting a house loan since the jobs not necessarily on going what do you guys think and anyone done something similar ?
i have finally made the decision to update to windows 10 from 8.1 !
from what i have seen windows 10 will be more user friendly for what i use my surface for !
anyways being the careful and sometimes paranoid person i am with computers i do n't want to take the chance of loosing all my stuff when i do update in the off chance that the update somehow crashes .
i have created a file recovery drive which was great and easy with the built in file recovery with windows 8.1 it just took me like 6 hours .
now i am wondering if i should also create a recovery drive ...
i was following this lovely and easy to follow guide http www.lovemysurface.net/backup-my-surface
it says that the recovery drive is useful if my surface is broken or stolen ... which is not the specific reason i would want to create a recovery drive right now though i plan to make one at some point !
so i was wondering if i have covered enough bases to procede with the windows 10 update or if i should n't even worry and go ahead with it .
would appreciate any advice and i hope this is a good place to post rather than a different sub !
tldr do i need to create a recovery drive and/or a file recovery before i update to windows 10 ?
i 've checked https support.t-mobile.com/community/phones-tablets-devices/android/lg-g-pad-f and it does show the new baseband version v49610a but i ca n't see a changelog or anything telling me what 's new .
likewise web searches are n't showing me anything either .
i did a cad project a while ago that faithfully replicated an old historical machine put a video of it up on youtube and released the files publicly under a creative commons non commercial license .
yesterday i got contacted by a film company that is making a documentary on the time period and wants to use my model in the film .
i 've never done something like this before and i 'm not sure how to approach setting up a licensing deal .
both in terms of how to bring it up they 've said they 'd give me attribution but i 'd rather not give it away for free and how much i should ask for a flat fee .
is this even remotely the right subreddit to ask ?
is there an hourly rate app that will allow me to adjust the rate down to the penny ?
the only apps i could find are either in pounds or whole dollars .
i have 4 slide projectors that need some work and i 'm struggling to find somewhere that can help !
projectors include 2 kodaks both ektographic models i think a sawyer and a three dimensional company antique model .
each seems to work with exception of one kodak which i 'm afraid to plug in the power cord is leaking a green ooze but has an issue of concern noises etc .
i 've tried the following places and they do not service projectors
camera doctor been there before owner is extremely brusque but knows his stuff
i 'm willing to travel all over metro atlanta and within a 4-hour drive .
i really want to get these things in good shape .
add insidioustoast and join up or leave your name and i 'll add you .
i 'm already at the boss would just like some help to beat the echo .
as a goalie one of my favourite things to do is mess around with custom designs .
if anyone out there would like to share one 's they 've made that would be awesome .
i did make a video featuring three separate designs i made but i would love to be able to feature other people in the next video .
the last time i took acid about 40 mins in about the time i started to get the euphoric feeling and start the trip i threw up .
i never felt sick or anything like that it kind of just happened .
it was one of the weirdest experiences i 've ever had it was like when i threw up i could see myself throw up into the bucket.. hard to explain but if you have ever tripped on acid you have an idea of what i 'm talking about .
it was the first time i 've ever thrown up from the drug .
took 2 tabs was just wondering if anyone else has ever thrown up from taking acid .
i have n't taking it since in fear of throwing up again .
the times i have tripped before i always kinda got a nauseas feeling but i figured it was just nerves .
i 'll admit i thought prison break was going to struggle .
he looked sub par in the preseason and that was against 2nd teamers .
but our offense looked better at every turn in each aspect of the game .
pass pro looked better and run blocking brought results .
hi just bought the concentrates and having a hard time telling when it is completely clear visually .
the instructions say its done after it stops creating vapor .
i 've only cleaned it off once and feel i wasted a bunch .
i 've wanted allies to be playable in modern for a while .
late elementary on i 've experienced what it was like to be bullied .
i began to believe everything that was told to me and it always hurt just a little more .
i always avoided people even long after the move mostly in fear that they 'd turn on me .
as far as i could tell they were n't embarrassed to have me around and it made me just a little happier to be around them .
you see i used to live in phoenix arizona .
it never really snowed there so winter was always fun .
now there 's bone-chilling breezes that keep me in doors .
i thought it was one of my college buddies wanting to work on our final exam project .
a man stood at the door dressed in a heavy trench coat .
he said he was a friend but i began to close the door .
he stopped it with his foot saying how i looked troubled and took notice to the scars that scattered my body from my younger years .
if you want to help go ahead but do it away from here. i spoke in a low voice my body beginning to shake .
i quickly slammed the door closed locking it behind me and running upstairs .
about a month later i sat in front of my tv watching the news .
there had been twelve suicides in the city of phoenix .
at first it did n't seem weird at all until i read the names .
the list continued but they were all my childhood bullies .
the id was an unknown number causing a wave of fear to rush through me as i picked up the phone .
are you happy yet ? a man 's voice spoke in a calm manner .
w-who is this ? my voice cracked a bit as i brought my legs to my chest .
it seems that you 're not. he sounded disappointed i guess i 'll try a little harder next time.
the phone gave off a sound of static before cutting off .
everyone has been asking me why i 'm always on edge .
why i do n't look at people the same .
there was one who was willing to hear the things i said no matter how crazy it sounds .
he was actually the one to approach me on the matter .
i never see you on campus anymore. he laughed walking right next to me did the news start putting the fear of god in you ?
i caught him looking over the wide scar against my neck pulling the collar of my jacket .
i have no idea how that could 've happened. i sighed pressing my fingertips against my temples it 's not probable especially in one night.
unless someone 's watching after you. he laughed before catching how my face sank sorry. he rubbed the back of his neck sheepishly just think of it as karma .
no that ca n't be i turned to face him stopping in my tracks.the man in the trench coat stood behind him a shaving razor in hand .
i screamed later being silenced by this man strangling me .
my friend stood over me asking me what was going on .
i ca n't be the only one who sees this man .
please stop. i wheezed trying for dear life to get out of his grip .
the man stood up allowing me to breath once again dropping the razor .
he watched me intently disappointment in his face before walking away .
i 'm not safe here nor am i safe at home .
i later ended up changing my name my appearance my address .
all because i figured out what was going on .
please if you ever see this man do n't let him help you .
he needs permission in order to kill and i 'm next on his list .
dude you remind me of this istp i know ! ''
i get those quite often mostly by armchair typists .
of the times i 've taken the official mbti test all but once i 've come out as an intj .
i agree with this typing and can embrace it .
at the same time i do n't fall into every single intj stereotype ever .
you might remember me from odd weapons r/tf2 thread .
well i decided that i have to shrink my collection a bit doubles and weapons i do n't use have to go .
strange wrap assasin i boop things up and put them down .
vintage killstreak frontier justice do n't touch my sentry '' http steamcommunity.com/id/czarnasadza/inventory 440_2_4081454037
sorry for not giving away my sister fister c also sorry if you gave me a weapon and it 's here i really appreciate your help though !
tell us a story of a cool hilarious odd or retarded weapon name or description .
you have a chance to win only one of these weapons !
raffle will end on the next tuesday october 12th at 17:00 cet .
proof video showing me drawing the winners and contacting them will be uploaded in few hours after the raffle ends .
i know where every one of them came from .
monster bruise on my thigh cut a corner short and raked my leg across the fish tank cabinet .
i may not be well coordinated sober either but there 's not an ounce of embarrassment associated with any one of them .
honestly this entire year has been passively hostile towards me like i had nothing to do with it and it 's really wearing me down .
staying sober has actually been the one consistent though sputtering positive and i 'm glad for it .
combined with my quit this past winter i 've spent around 50 of the year in sobriety .
now i 'm neck and neck with the time i usually drop out ... nostalgia weariness cockiness crisis take your pick .
they 've all been a catalyst at some point .
this time around has a new feel though and i 'm digging it .
i still think about a drink every day http imgur.com/hi1r6zt but i do n't desire it but rarely .
usually the thought of actually being drunk is enough to dissuade the crave .
i feel like i finally grew up if that makes sense .
i am just now starting to be less obsessive about being sober '' in the same sense that i 'm not obsessive about house work ...
it 's something that just gets done part of life sometimes a hassle sometimes enjoyable .
sobriety is becoming a facet and it 's pleasantly weird .
there 's not a lot to share just that i 'm making my way in what is now virgin territory and i 'm not afraid this time of losing something i never should have wanted to keep .
i 'd love to be able to bottle the essence of sobriety and distribute it .
one sip of this shit and you 'll chase it all your life .
i was wondering if anyone here was involved in anything at their school or in their community that either seeks to educate people about socialism or engage in socialist activism ?
how did you find it and what has it been like ?
if there are n't any is anyone considering starting any themselves ?
i personally have been thinking about starting one at my university if i can get a small handful of people who 'd be interested in joining .
there 's been so much negativity out there that i thought i would take a moment to welcome the new writers who have been doing quite well lately .
as per the rules of the ooc subreddit i ca n't call out names or stories but there has been a lot of promising talent to arrive in the last month or so .
whether your story got 5 votes or 5 thousand be happy .
there have been a lot of great stories lately .
i made an island ... quite on my own .
good looks on the apc 's i hope my pair turns out like that .
did you have any problem with them bleeding on the white shoes ?
i 'm currently working on one of those work arounds but i really wish i did n't have to .
but it just would n't be worth the additional investment of getting the ps4 drum module and starting my dlc library all over again especially with how difficult it is to get all the titles exported now ...
it made me feel like i 've been supporting the wrong console family this whole time but i know that 's not true .
i love microsoft and i really hope they can do right by us on this one .
so you need to get up to the wave to auto attack and heal and im the wave is where warriors kill you .
you can turn that statement on its head and it would be just as true .
the standing of science and scientific method suffers once education is n't held as culturally/nationally important .
they did n't give up he died while they were down there with him
watching an episode like this seeing how these people are treated by authorities made me feel like we should redefine what mentally ill actually is .
we clearly have some true sick twisted physcopaths in power making these decisions on how to best deal with them .
sure but even people who do well do n't necessarily get full rides .
if i 'm playing with randoms i always play the 30 second scramble game that i invented for this .
when someone joins the heist i tell them over mic that they have 30 seconds to find and plug in a mic or they 'll be kicked .
i then act like a game show host until they get a mic or kicked .
do this until you have a full mic crew .
edit i do n't usually acknowledge downvotes but this time it 's confused me .
she was terrible in gp3 would be even worse in f1
because people would rather see their favorite team win in a disgusting fashion that see them lose in a great quality match .
ok i feel dumb as hell why is it fake ?
what have i done 0 i 'm so sorry purpzle i 'm afk but will take a look when i get home .
and a shame im work now otherwise i could have deposited for the groundon
that 's interesting thank you for this i really hate myself for saying this but something big could happen if 65dos are there too .
i will keep my hype closely monitored for now .
i am way too prone to going in balls deep as huskar i ca n't help it .
either i make it and dominate or i start feeding like a retard
it 's a combination of weight size and distance .
with size being the prime factor distance next and weight third .
thanks dude i guess i 'll be waiting for a while yet .
you should n't miss the next few tts and maybe pull a few times in the next sugo .
try to farm a croc and evolve him into the slasher form for a heavy hitter .
this would be more as a backup or for when the fixed blade would be too clumsy
you say you ca n't heal something to death but i 'd ask you to please try to channel positive energy in a crowd of undead .
yeah when you had beast claws on i was praying for you to change as it was almost like being handed victories but i could tell you were good from how you moved spaced and baited .
when you changed to ludwigs you got some well deserved victories .
add me on psn and check the no gems fc i sent you you 'll find some real quality matches there so much so you might find it hard to go back to regular pvp .
this but also post it and ask if anyone knows what i did to trigger it lol
i just joined this subreddit and went through mission 46 the other night .
i 'm glad to hear i 'm not the only person who is seriously confused why i ca n't get over 46 's effects emotionally .
i 'm going to ask you a yes or no question and you have to push one of two buttons to answer it but i 'm going to be holding your hand and i 'm stronger than you and i really want the answer to your question to be 'yes ' .
do you feel like this is a cool situation ?
i do not think that she understood hyperfocus very well/at all .
i tried to explain my issues with procrastination and then eventually being able to focus but she seemed to think was evidence against adhd .
i think i will have to try and talk to someone else .
it 's monday and i have a comfy new bed i want to sleep in all day .
i just do n't want to go to work today .
the point is that the us is not a functioning democracy .
i 'm not even going to read the rest of your post because i know it will be bullshit .
i bet 9/11 was an inside job too right ?
the artificially high '' wages here is labor that can be redistributed to more valuable industries in theory giving us a further advantage over developing countries who have to devote their labor to making more of our stuff and doing our tech support .
you should send a letter to the bar requesting payment .
they may have an argument of assumption of the risk or comparative negligence on your part .
quite frankly i do n't know which is stupider a bar having a game like that or someone participating in a game like that not wearing proper clothing/shoes and with others who are drinking .
does anita only care about manspreading and airconditioners '' ?
i have n't heard her talk about those things once .
regardless of that she does a lot of other things
she is a feminist and i think she is ridiculous .
so you 're original point against me was wrong .
i do know what they are and think they are ridiculous .
just like the other feminist publications write about a lot of other things .
the guardian has 10000 articles about feminism for every article about manspreading for example .
yeah there is even a tumblr specifically designed around ridiculous guardian articles .
i assure you there are plenty of knee slapper that come from them .
just because you can explain part of it does n't mean it does n't exist .
yes and it has nothing to do with sexism which is contrary to the feminist stance .
they consistently lie in the face of evidence as well .
so again i am aware of feminism and i have realized it to be bullshit
god dammit i knew i spelt it wrong i was just to proud to check .
if he/she lives to an old age then most organs are n't viable for transplants and ect .
they could donate their body to science if they are looking for an alternative .
the one i use for this subredit is just called word replacer and the one for r/unexpectedjihad is called really unexpected jihad
det er på ingen måde en fordel for os pendlere med rejsekort .
og det er det allerede ikke så not likely .
you do understand there is a difference between every moslem '' or every soldier '' and the leader of the opposition and organiser of the rally do n't you ?
i think a direct gesture is a fair request if he 's serious about this new type of nicer politics thing obviously he 's not personally responsible but he is a figurehead and has ample opportunity .
he 's appealed the decision and it goes to the appellate court where they review the initial finding .
if the review goes his way then the appeals court will overturn his conviction .
i 'm just speaking about tinder do n't take it out of context .
this guy is tripping over himself to apologise for anything and everything
well something has to be at that price point .
you can only advertise your highest actual discounted price .
it is a game and unless you do something real stupid and go to mast nothing you do there matters in the grand scheme of things .
just play the game enjoy the funny parts there are a lot of them .
also if you get that stupid boot camp ribbon do n't be all smug about it .
no one fucking cares and it is the stupidest thing the navy has ever come up with .
too each their own i suppose '' he adds pulling some books from his bag as quietly as a one handed person can manage .
on land as they are rather rare in the ocean .
i regularly trim their front nails but i do n't do their back nails as often .
we cleared up the basement last night we just moved so we had a lot of boxes and stuff there so hopefully that should take care of some thing .
he 's healing well btw he no longer has pus and the wound is beginning to dry up .
is n't this the same website that hailed the 9/11 attacks as a good thing ?
snapshot mechanic is intended so how the fuck is that an exploit ?
also nice time travel machine do you have any more info on 2.4 ?
well that 's which i 'm asking for ideas came up with these in the 5-10 minutes it took me to write the post .
you go to the goat test office what does the test entail ?
have you ever heard of a 2001 ford focus ?
my ex had one and it was a death trap on wheels .
nflfilmstudy is this based on what they would do or what they 're hearing ?
ultimately it comes down to ross which means no one truly knows
ios 9 now asks when an app tries to open another app so that should help prevent that .
hi i 'm just wondering is there somewhere you can link to that shows me the proc co-efficiency of all skills ?
i had an idea dunno if it 's dumb or not i have no idea what can proc static charges and how effective it is but it was combining 2 ulianas pieces and using lightning rune on ep this meant removing way of the hundred fists and let the ep bleed '' ticks proc static charge but it doesnt seem to work that well .
i guess my question is why ca n't we use a fuckton of spells to help trigger sc ?
tell her to uninstall it she 's got 30 days and it should revert back to 8.1 .
there 's dozens of how to ' online it 's fairly simple .
too bad you guys could n't get one more .
just so you know c9 already won a game without azir
guys really like the hum pristine i guess and that is a two driver like the savant .
i think for me the interesting thing is profit margin and reproducibility for the diy guys .
there are things i do n't like about the savant sound but it does sound good but only at 20 profit margin which it far exceeds .
i think we as a community can do better .
this is a collection and we only allow single image submissions in this subreddit .
if you would like to submit a collection please pick your favorite image from the collection and submit that instead .
you can leave a link to the full collection as a comment .
i am a bot r/pornoverlords/wiki/pornoverlord-info and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to 2fr 2ffoodporn if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm not trying to be a dick here i 'm just honestly bothered by the fencing .
i 'm not sure what the cane system is supposed to be .
if it 's meant to be a simulation of an actual cane system i.e .
the kind where you do damage with the cane then the starting guards are a great way to get your hand broken .
otherwise my only gripe with the cane is that it appears most of the parries are very insubstantial which might just be a side effect of using simulators that are very light .
they 're just not really moving their feet and there are many many actions being made while still on the lunge .
this latter part is not inherently bad but it is very risky .
although there is one point where both participants have lunged and stay there which is a bit silly .
not really enough to comment on other than the fact that one fencer lunges and stays there the whole time and gets nailed for it .
not sure specifically what their source i do know it does n't look like either giganti or capo ferro but there are still lots to choose from .
the parries here are quite large and beaty i 'm surprised they never got disengaged .
lots of exposed forearms nobody 's going for but given that i do n't know the rules/target areas being used it does n't bother me too much .
looks basically identical to the smallsword which is fine .
but after having gone through all of it i 've figured out the two things that bother me the most
a lot of attacks being thrown were just never going to land .
and not in a 'i 'm trying to provoke a response ' kind of way .
this is why it looks rehearsed somebody throws an action that is never going to land the other person parries it anyway and then everything else happens off the third intention .
there are virtually no real first intention attacks being thrown .
nobody ever tries to defeat the 'correct ' response .
some of those parries are only succeeding because the other person feels contact and abandons their attack .
nobody tries to defeat the correct parry through leverage or angulation .
i 'm not trying to be a dick honest the fencing just feels extremely academic and not very martial .
if that 's not what they were going for then it does n't matter in the slightest .
it 's just that i 'm a martial artist and i ca n't help from seeing it from that perspective .
yeah it 'd be really convenient if i was n't the only friend of mine totally into this .
if i had a friend who knew the functions and the types well enough it 'd probably be a breeze without a mess of bias .
i 'm like a three layer onion lol shrek reference .
first layer with strangers is quiet reserved assertive when necessary .
i 'm still pretty laid back distracted and lazy .
most people getting to know me are surprised by my social personality and have said in school you are mild-mannered then suddenly you 're absolutely crazy '' .
that would be the second layer conversational funny probably a little too apparently confident .
then there 's the third layer i keep for my closest friends the insecurities deep values and concerns stuff like that .
marina diamandis said it pretty accurately when she said i feel like i 'm the worst so i act like i 'm the best '' .
who knows maybe the third and first layer are the same i ca n't tell .
i guess more closely in response to your question i 'm aloof without my friends and with them i become much more concerned with entertaining having fun and promoting a good vibe .
even if there are complete strangers in the group the presence of my friends just loosens it all up .
however i can only do that with my humor my personality .
i 've mostly gotten confused at the function level because my fi values insist that it 's important to be considerate to other people .
sort of a line in the sand between humor and cruelty .
i can be very oblivious to the emotional state of other people though .
when did i say i had it all figured out ?
stop being so fucking judgemental and deciding you have people all figured out .
i support the 2nd amendment and sensible gun control measures .
maybe i 'm not a crazy gun nut who wants to fight obama with my ar-15 .
and i was just being a smart ass about the bomb thing .
i 've missed a couple episodes so far have n't seen most of the new series .
because subaru put that wing there which means subaru actually went through the trouble of running it through a wind tunnel .
that guy that is a friend of my cousin 's girlfriend on the other hand simply bolted the largest wing he could afford from ebay .
be aware that this marks it as a place for serious discussion and that spam content in this thread will be met with banhammers .
please contact the moderator team to have this thread cleaned .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/teenagers if you have any questions or concerns .
he seems like a really nice humble guy who 's a team player .
top 5 ways to fuck up robbing robbing a liquor store haha .
it is worn like you would wear a towel as a guy coming out of the shower .
imagine trading towels with some other guy in public without a wardrobe malfunction .
i 've got a few friends that rate 100 and while they get great care they live in pain every day or are completely dependent on others for basic things .
the amount of injury needed to get 100 is insane and imo only not worth it to me .
danny from grease called he says you can keep it
i hate blaming refs cuz we laid a fucking egg .
but if those fumbles are called we probably score a td .
or if they called the 15 yd penalty for that body slam of jb on the final drive we kick a field goal on 4th down .
or the late hit no call the play before fitz ' fumble .
not excuses but damn that shit takes the wind out of your sails .
i can understand it but i wouldnt have agreed with it a week ago to put og and especially c9 above the likes of kt and ig would be rather bold but damn have they showed me up
would n't it be prudent for the hospital personal to start moving patients out of harms way ?
afghan troops backed by u.s. airstrikes have been engaged in heavy fighting in kunduz against taliban militants who took over the city earlier last week .
where the fuck were they supposed to go in the middle of a siege ?
son of a bitch pulled a 'bait and switch ' on me .
he makes these terrifying beasts into friendly kitties for me .
house of cards is nothing compared to this conservative government .
it does remind me how the show and this government is relatable such as using the wives to boast popularity when their polls are/were down .
i think moving the pat back has screwed with their heads .
you can kick into a net and pregame all you want but once your out there in the center of everything it 's a different animal .
the gim me pat gave them a chance to get comfortable in that situation but now every kick is tricky .
how many servers have you actually been officially authorised '' to use ?
my dad owned a business and the man who taught him marketing ?
said this to my dad and it always stuck with him
if you have to advertise your business is doing poorly .
if you have a great business then people will know your product and spread goodwill words via word of mouth '' .
i have black 2 or and me and my brother both have pokemon x. am i able to trade pokemon from or and x to black 2 ?
... and yet not you or anyone else can find a single transaction on that block chain and relate it to me and i have no worries that you will ever be able to either regardless of how much i use bitcoin.. because privacy is something that i provide not bitcoin .
bitcoin is simply a protocol.. a protocol which happens to be compatible with privacy and anonymity.. but is not a provider of these things .
you bring the privacy/anonymity and bitcoin will protect it .
i felt so tense watching that last set but i 'm glad to see zero continuing his streak despite the personal issues he 's dealing with .
i wish leffen could 've participated in this tournament and won the melee singles
and then ascended unto gaben where he is seated at the right hand of the gaben .
from there he will come again to judge the shitters and the pros .
we 're still a long way from the beginning of construction .
boosted needs to include a free bag in their next iteration .
i tried to allure allude to that with my reply
3 ap classes is super stressful compared to 1 ap from last year where the teacher dropped so many grades to give you a 90 now all i have is 70s for this six weeks made it my goal to bring them back to good 85s and 90s to get that 90 gpa hopefully i did n't fuck up so bad .
just felt like letting it all out since i hate complaining to my friends about problems .
you mean the download or they blocked the actual tor protocol ?
as always thank you for allowing me a safe space to talk about this .
message/compose ? to=/r/askwomen subject=why+was+this+removed ? message my+submission https www.reddit.com/r/askwomen/comments/3nije8/thank_you_for_disproving_results_of_a_scientific was+removed+and+i+do+not+understand+the+reason+given+by+the+mod+who+removed it .
you 've been acting strange lately just wanted to make sure you 're not taking all of this neverbegameover stuff too seriously .
it 's easy to get caught up in conspiracies and hidden meanings but everything in moderation right ?
obviously most schools/work will be closed on monday but what are the chances of closings on tuesday ?
besides what i see outside and what i 've been told by friends i do n't really know what to expect for the rest of my week .
search for missing cargo ship with at least 4 mainers on board continues
well you can wait next adventure and see how things with rogue evolve but if you can craft something meaningfull then yes since the card does n't have play in the current meta .
for example before 1 week i got golden malgos de it for jaraxxus and created demon handlock if you
there 's a decent amount of shoegaze/noiserock/dream pop bands around too and it 's awesome .
i was at a cards game with my family wearing my newark peppers gear and was treated with so much class .
a cards fan offered me a funyun and made no advances toward my large breasted family .
it occurred to me the other day that the new players from the free update might be children who found the game fun i considered this after the recent influx of monsters who did n't have any clue about self preservation .
you can get a cheap one for like 50 or you can get one that 's actually bound in leather .
everything on etsy looks like it 's going for 200 300
it was well-done well-paced and you had some great things to say about it without feeling too cliched and predictable .
i 'd give black mass '' a 7/10 and your review of it a 8.5/10 .
first thank you for working with rescues ... that takes a special person .
my dog has allergies too so i understand how expensive food can be .
i took a look at your wishlist and sent the best bang-for-the-buck food so a 30 lb bag of the taste of the wild should be on its way to you via prime scheduled to arrive on wednesday .
in return i see that you 'd offered to post picture of the pups and shepherds ...
oh man that beginning in the dark tower was so creepy ...
the plot thickens especially the relationship between komaru and toko had some interesting development .
is it a stream with commentary friendly to noobies or like a stream that ignores the hype and focusses on the tech and stuff ?
my golf partner says they taste like puke ... hes wrong but he has that opinion .
if goku is bloodlusted as well he takes this easily then dies to frieza b/c he never got a zenkai .
if goku is as he normally is then ginyu ends up blindsiding goku and switching bodies after seeing him completely demolish the rest of the ginyu force .
i think it was just a model swap of quiet and huey correct ?
i have to setup parental controls to use the happy home network in animal crossimg happy home designer ?
this is a pedantic point but i think it helped clarify this argument for me .
the word racist has come to have two meanings over time .
the first meaning and still the most common is that a person believes in the inherent superiority of some races over others .
this definition has to do with what 's in a person 's belief system so it relates mostly to individuals though these beliefs often have origins and support in societies .
the second definition is more academic less individual and more systemic less focused on intention and more on outcomes .
in this definition racism refers to anything which contributes to maintain or increase oppression and/or inequity among racial minorities .
basically something is racist if it contributes in any way to negative outcomes for racial minority groups .
this definition because it is focused on systems is sensitive to the dynamics of power and privilege not least because it focuses on the imbalance between the racial groups in a position to oppress others and the groups who are not .
david duke is racist in this definition not because he said nasty things about minorities but because he actively cultivated both laws and attitudes that disempowered minorities and decreased their access to the political process .
louis farrakhan by this definition is not racist because even if he voices anti-white sentiments white people by definition can not be oppressed because they are in the powerful position relative to nonwhite people .
anyway if you buy the latter as a definition of the word racist '' then you might consider using the word prejudiced '' for the former .
so for instance farrakhan is prejudiced against white people because of his personal views but is not racist because he 's not contributing to a power structure in which whites are oppressed .
so tl dr anti-immigration policies will negatively impact some racial groups particularly latinos/latinas much more than they will impact whites .
by the academic definition that makes these policies racist even if an individual who supports them may not be prejudiced against those racial groups .
regardless of the intention the outcome would have a disparate impact http en.wikipedia.org/wiki/disparate_impact on racial minorities .
i do n't even know him but be honest you want to live irl .
if it was n't a live or die event though i 'd probably go with u/spacepodprime
omg thank you i 've been wondering this too .
you are correct my crease is right beneath my brow bone .
they mean if all the panels were in one area that 's the size it would be .
yeah i have been running ldf not skydragon 's in hope of getting echidna drops too .
guess i can run pendras to mix it up .
ldf gets boring after 50th time and not getting any echidnas .
the worst part is that mgsv gameplay is legendary but since the story and content stops just that short of being perfect the yearn and hunger for more of it is even more painful .
it 's this close to being perfect and now we must all cling to the blind hope of a kojima legit sequel if only for more gameplay .
you are even less funny than the guy who made the captions
i 'd figure it would depend on the use of the container .
you probably would get a less than ideal weather seal between the window itself and the corrugated steel wall versus sealing the frame against the corrugated steel .
that said you could do wooden frames too to keep the costs down .
this is applicable to any apex predator vitamin a concentration increases as these animals eat the livers of other animals and it just gets more concentrated up the food chain .
just dont go face hunter and do any deck you like .
want an example watch any tournament and you see the decks considered cancer so why bother what your opponent thinķs ?
with the wifi it keeps sending me on an authentication loop and with the hard line it keeps connecting and then drops the second it connects and goes through it all again .
i should note the wifi was working in windows .
i would say that either you have really shit luck with fill valves least likely or the gg cans are the problem most likely .
your best bet would to pick up an ai propane adapter and start using propane .
you will get used to the smell pretty quickly .
i ca n't think of a single thing that i 've seen in a commercial and said i need that ! ''
so surprised about jordan has he even seen the field this year ?
love it and would sometimes say yes to someone i normally would n't date because confidence is such a turn on .
you were a much better side a few years ago so people probably feared you more .
that said the only people that think spurs are a big club are spurs fans .
hah you look like you 're about to have a seizure after finishing the 231 press .
you have a super efficient bounce up to your shoulders it just shoots right up there .
right now i can do 225x3 total and fail the clean on the 4th rep so speed may not even actually be an issue but it 'd be nice to hit 5 or 6 by the time i get there .
25 days later and i 'm still in the same situation
from day one you better do all the readings and stay on top of the homework .
she is a hardass in class but she will bend over backwards to help honest students in her office hours .
i ca n't really argue the higher stat caps because they both come from different games .
putting on a playlist of em while you clean your room or something is always relaxing for me .
he 's just bitter because the uk is better than the us .
they are very young you 're going to have to hand feed them
to throw a bone to the escapist 's editors it 's ... possible ... that he merely coordinated these folks behind the scenes and they never happened to mention this fact to the escapist 's staff or to go deeper and closer to cuckoo land the reporter knew about his involvement and hid his involvement from her bosses .
chris roberts sent off some wall of text stream of thought email reply that made him look like a gigantic man-child .
if the original escapist article did n't raise your eyebrows surely that did ?
when we put down my dog who was 17yo i stood in the shower and cried for half an hour .
anyone who thinks that 's an unreasonable response is a fucking monster .
it also works really nice if you add hot water and then thickened cream instead of milk .
just in case you need to squirtle a fire .
forsberg got things done in the playoffs that many of us ca n't even do on playstation .
you could absolutely not get foppa off of his game .
when healthy the guy was the greatest player in the world and it was n't close .
lindros you could get off of his game you could take away his passing .
you were n't going to stop him physically though .
look at how bowman had lidstrom shut him down in the finals .
bowman knew nicky lid could just constantly steal the puck or poke it away from lindros .
the only thing that ever stopped forsberg was his own body .
plus as a straight male i am going to tell you this 10/10 would do the foppa crush is real .
i do n't make accounts on forums when i can ask people on here who have played/are actively playing
i 'm in the same boat of being attracted to nerdier guys and i have enough confidence but making the first move is scary because there is a much bigger factor of the dude being a creep or violent even if he is into me .
if a guy hits on me first which hardly happens anyway i can get a much better gauge of his personality and i automatically have control over the situation .
if i hit on a guy i better be damn sure it 's worth it because things could get nasty if it does n't go well .
most of the time it 's just not worth it to even try .
shit i was gon na post the same shit .
hell yes and it will be auto-included in most mech deck .
no because whilst it does sound all good on paper to have a tankier damage dealer in case they flop usually you would already run some sort of frontliner to absorb most of the damages and any damage that makes it to the backline is already going to nuke the heck out of them since they 're so squishy anyways .
i noted heroes that did damage without any correlation to their defense values such as vivian and niven to answer your earlier question as they are naturally tanky enough for a defense slot to enhance it to acceptable meta values and deal solid damage even without that missing attack slot .
i 've been thinking of using the sarcasm sarcasm or possibly read in sarcastic tone
they probably just deleted my messages off facebook and with twitter ... . well i do n't care much about my twitter account its mainly a convenient tool to connect with businesses .
i think this is my favorite vaping related engrish http i.imgur.com/e6hhb4l.jpg
it 's likely that both will be equally as practical or rather impractical for you .
as a fellow midwesterner all i can say is that 99 of the foreign language i come into contact with casually where i live is spanish .
i have to use the internet and my own effort to find people who speak the languages i want to learn right now .
the three languages you 're talking about should be pretty easy for you to find contacts .
i watched the martian a few days ago and the whole time thought it was mark walburg on camera
during nursing school i had a patient during my mental health rotation that is admitted for suicidal ideation .
when interviewing him he told me that he would never actually do the deed or try because 'while i think about it a lot there is too much to learn !
i want to know why the guy next to me is here .
the world is too interesting of a place . '
there are few interactions with patients that have had a lasting impression on me and that one is one of the best ones i can remember .
yeah and i guess it would n't matter if shorts had the ball game over even if he did or if they scored td
the rune changes did n't affect faimon prices at all .
there 's no reason to get them unless they 're the source of your pain .
if you have imaging they should have a decent idea of whether or not they are pain generators .
that said i 've had them and they were no help .
i grouped them with bolt thrower for some reason honestly no idea
we are as frustrated as you but it 's still a tie game .
just leave the thread if you 've already given up .
i 'm sorry but for this to be my demise i would typically have to drink a shit load of hard alcohol .
there 's a reason drinking is based on equivalency and 3 drinks a day whether beer or not is heavy drinking and double that is crazy on a health perspective .
in the article i linked to you it says how beer actually does not act the same as bread does for your body especially not immediately and only half the alcohol is really converted to calories and bread does n't affect your liver .
it 's definitely easier to drink a lot of whiskey but the amount of alcohol in a normal beer is worth a shot and 6 shots a day is just as bad for you on that level while beer is worse for caloric intake .
if someone says por supports it takes me like at least a second longer to process than fe9 supports .
a while back i had an idea called the truculent nerscylla which draped itself in cephadrome hide was bright orange and spun explosive webs .
another would be the dune lagombi which kicks up sand clouds rather than chunks of ice and has dig attacks alongside the usual bodyboarding .
it has sandy brown fur with yellowish accents and a white/black mottled belly .
priscilla queen of the desert ... that would be fucking hilarious !
i disagree with r/oncenightvaler ... i loved season ii and i really loved season 3 especially the neverland stuff .
season 4 is a bit all over the place but so far season 5 has totally redeemed everything for me .
just one season and the fight scenes were not super well choreographed but i loved the storyline .
gundam 00 was the first anime i really watched as anything other than a saturday morning cartoon .
but it was probably black rock shooter or chu2 that made me start watching anime all the time .
i heavily modified it to get more accuracy and power for lower cost so it can out to roughly 800 .
i can mill aluminum with precision resolution on the xy plane of 6.25 micrometers and on the z plane of 312 nanometers .
definitely more accurate than you 'd need for this piece .
if you go with the standard g-shield from inventables you can use microstepping to get an accuracy resolution of 25 micrometers xy and 125 micrometers z .
but even without microstepping the shapeoko or xcarve should do fine for this project
i can try but with college and stuff it will be a side project
i am also very stelth i 'm not a huge fan of this term .
my family girlfriend and friends that know are all very supportive and always have been .
i can say with 99 certainty i will never date a trans women .
i have a very dark sense of humor so i generlly make the joke that there is only so much room for crazy in a relationship and i fill that quota .
as a general rule i do nor find mtf women attactive .
trans people come with a boat load of baggage and i thank god everyday i found a very loving women to help me carry mine .
trans people are equal and deserve every single right a cis person has .
people are well within there rights to be attracted to who they are attracted too it does not make them a bad person or bad ally .
these are some dumb fucking penalties ive said it before ill say it again football players are not bright
the only problematic thing to begin with was putting ole miss so high
this is why some of us bitch about preseason rankings
i do n't really like to but hey urges are urges .
just changed mine last week and it was that bad as well .
funny how all these politicians are just fucking their own offspring in the ass by passing this .
i am in a catch 22 with my makeup situation .
i have rosacea so my face is a bit red and has some patches with pimples so i always try to wear makeup but that only exacerbates the issue .
at home alone or around my so i wo n't wear any or if its a quick trip to the grocery store .
as long as the blade is under 3 inches or clearly recognizable as a blade sword canes are not ok as they pretend to be something else youre ok. do not take it to a school airport or courthouse .
yeah ... but cotton socks might not be the best way to prevent that .
i 'm so giddy because i trashed you with fucking facts i probably wo n't get much sleep tonight .
if you have the aim to tap you can tap all the heads so easy .
she is not easily countered ... the point of this post if you read it is that the tier 1 teams are struggling to even deal with her .
even with traditional brood counters '' ... if you pick brood in the 1st or 2nd phase with 2-3 picks left on the enemy team and you have a drafter like ppd for example what makes you think it 's easily countered ? ?
she was being picked/banned in the 1st phase of the grand final .
brood was a power pick throughout the entire main event of this tournament ... this was not an isolated incident..
lmfao make the game open world '' go fuck yourself .
let 's be honest here this game is being made by the ff13 team the only thing it will accomplish is making fanboys cry tears into their sephiroth aeris dakimakura .
that my friend is likely the beginnings of 'brain zaps '
i would try to join you in experimenting but i have held off buying rb4 until we get a solution .
yeah i just have a terrible fear of manifesting some essential spell .
i mean i have ways to get those back so it 's not even a rational fear but you know .
that 's a really nice example of a convertible .
edit i just noticed the door panels are custom so the colors may not be original .
paraphrased from an interview rj wrote the mat/tylin scenario as a humorous role-reversal thing .
his editor and wife thought it was a good discussion of sexual harassment and rape with comic undertones .
she liked it because it dealt with very serious issues in a humorous way .
she seemed to think it would be a good way to explain to men/boys what this can be like for women/girls showing the fear etc . ''
i was not sure which player name i 'd print when i get my lfc 15/16 shirt .
the cards finish the season with packers and seahawks .
well damn yeah ... um ... .who is the 4 receiver for houston ?
ohhh i was wondering where he was going with that one .
if just the parents and coaches were there there would n't be anyone on the field playing the game .
they can watch for their enjoyment but if they detract from the game through poor behavior they are expendable at no cost to the game .
om folk hade lagt mer tid på att leva ist för league of legends och schizofren paranoida medier så hade det inte varit något problem och således inte bisarrt heller .
edit inte för att sätta gäjmers i dålig dager .
men om man kollar i historiken på de som postar aggressivt med mkt vanföreställningar så är det ofta folk som lirar tidskrävande spel och gissningsvis inte spenderar särskilt mkt tid ute i samhället .
i feel you so hard here i did the exact same .
one bowl set me into a downward spiral of pain and unfortunately vicodin addiction for 6 months .
please listen to op op always knows his/her shit ... .. unless they do n't .
hitler 's grandfathers name was hiedler and his grandmother 's was shicklegruber .
his father was born shicklegruber a bastard but was later recognized by his grandfather and given the name hiedler which was later mistranscribed at hitler
the one time mark posts something without feels and i have nothing funny to say
there 's no way i 'm going to write a novel on top of everything else i 've got going on but filling a medium sized notebook seems doable and it 'll motivate me to write more .
i watched the whole video to make sure they did n't crash
i thought this was going to show me some legendaries with that thumbnail ... .
has the current available of sexual alleviation actually alleviated the problem ?
i mean even people who have sex are still frustrated and sometimes violent .
teixeira and rodriguez are 74 player-years-old and both had their best offensive seasons since 2009 .
i did the hccl last ladder and it was fun but i 'm going back to hcxp
woah hey be careful not to cut yourself on that edge .
well when you factor in shipping plus the fact i kind of just knew the plastic clips would suck thus ordering leather loops it was over 60 .
so yeah there 's not really a big price difference .
clearly there is a big price difference between the ag and the stealthgear which is why i gave ag a shot first .
remember that he was in the right place at the right time to have access to a honda rc211v in those 50 starts when the four stroke era kicked off in 2002 .
i never knew danzig stretched all the way out to warsaw ...
it was safe to assume lgd would be 6-0 in groups and look at them now .
you must have been so disappointed that it was n't .
this seems to have occurred because your title has a personal connection to the image .
please review the sidebar of the subreddit http www.reddit.com/r/photoshopbattles/about/sidebar and wiki https www.reddit.com/r/photoshopbattles/wiki/submissionrules wiki_titles and resubmit with a corrected title that only describes the subject of the photo with no personal connection .
this is a new rule please contact the moderators http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/photoshopbattles subject=personalization if this is n't working properly .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/photoshopbattles if you have any questions or concerns .
i bought mine in june and have had no issues .
but i 'm really intrigued by the idea of being able to return this and potentially grab the new nexus .
i did n't hear about it until friday when my brother texted me .
after i started pinging people from high school i gathered the details but i was concerned why am i just now hearing about this ?
oh it was all over facebook i thought you knew . ''
i had deleted my facebook account and nearly missed the funeral of one of my best friends from high school .
and now i maintain an account purely for keeping tabs on this sort of thing .
sure enough it happened again six months later but at least i found out about it quickly .
okay that is better stated and you are right peace is not a fundamental concept .
which is why if we are going by what nature demands we are doing what they intended survival of the fittest .
jack said in an interview after one of the regional qualifier games that they are gon na try to keep him from retiring .
now the context of that was n't very serious but there is probably some truth to it .
it does n't mean c9 will prevent hai from retiring but they might try to make hai offers that are difficult to refuse .
thanks now i do n't want to deal with women even more .
they took a concept which is something that you ca n't copyright and made it their own creation .
it also does n't exactly look the same which is the problem most chinese things have they make things look exactly the same .
the voice actors going the testimonies are so fake and dead give away !
and sheer curiosity if you just google it you find out its not real !
they should release new episodes more frequently though ! !
yo u/fonsothewhitesican do you give permission for this to exist ?
there 's no i am very smart '' about it .
if anything op should be directed to i am very naive for thinking the white house wifi consists of a linksys router .
there are vast social and cultural differences between us and japan .
in japan there 's one main gang stifling the existence of other competition and yakuza do n't do much street crime or violence since they have total control of criminal underworld stuff for the most part .
also there is very little space available to conduct street crime without being seen from all directions .
also there is a very strong system of family honor .
western europe is less different but still quite different both socially and economically .
they do n't have our race relations problems or quite so much race segregation in their cities etc .
also having a gun is easy but bullets are highly regulated .
no long personal anecdote about why reddit does n't wan na hear the bad things about weed blah blah blah . ''
for me weed comes second to my part time job .
i love weed but sometimes you got ta be an adult .
edit i 'm a student and need money for rent/food etc .
that 's why it 's a part time job .
i probably will but i like the discounted cost of amd .
download an emulator '' and plug in any controller you want .
yet the reverse way somehow isnt possible you cant turn console to pc
so i finally watched this yesterday after everyone 's recommendation on here and i really enjoyed it .
it harkened back to the first 3 movies and definitely took the bad taste out my mouth from seed of chucky .
yeah uptempo is great when you 're not going for the world 's fastest 3 and outs .
i thought it was just a brand of liqueur like blue curacao
i removed my comment above to keep this discussion nest at the bottom of the thread .
helpful links for this image other discussions https www.reddit.com/r/photoshopbattles/related/3nmnhd/psbattle_donald_trump_giving_a_speech karmadecay https karmadecay.com/r/photoshopbattles/comments/3nmnhd/psbattle_donald_trump_giving_a_speech google image search https www.google.com/searchbyimage ? image_url=http i.imgur.com/tsnzdpo 2ejpg
join us at r/battleshops search for templates at r/cutouts or visit our discussion subreddit .
reply to this comment if you 'd like to supply a cut-out .
do n't forget to use the new cut-out format !
this is an automated response faq http www.reddit.com/r/apicontraptions/wiki/apicontraption_faq send feedback http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=apicontraption subject=feedback thingid message link to post https www.reddit.com/r/photoshopbattles/comments/3nmnhd/psbattle_donald_trump_giving_a_speech 'i like feedback '
press flair on the bottom of the title and change it there .
why do n't you just take your cash and bring it to an ncix ?
be sure to include any bonuses you were paid and if you were hourly then say how many hours you averaged a week .
it 's ok if your desired is a lot higher than what you were making at your last job unless it 's the same type of job in the same industry .
heat can cause various substances inside the food to break down in effect pre-digesting '' it to some degree because that stuff being broken down by cooking means less work for our digestive system in order to extract energy from it .
we have evolved to find easy calories very appealing so when we smell this cooked stuff it gets our attention .
also when you 're smelling something you 're actually detecting tiny particles of it that have become airborne and then found their way into your nose .
heating something adds energy to all of the molecules that are in it and that increase in energy generally increases the rate at which molecules escape from it and become airborne .
when you cook a few slices of bacon in a pan as the fat renders out of it water inside the meat begins to boil and that creates a bunch of bubbles which pop and that puts even more particles into the air making the smell much more vibrant .
this is the course description as shown in the college catalog .
there is a lot more to a landscape company than dropping in plants and mowing lawns .
of service and a strong environmental ethic the landscape contractor improves the places where people live work and play .
identify approximately 200 species of trees shrubs vines and groundcovers common to t
select and arrange together plants that share common cultural requirements and environmental tolerances .
select and demonstrate the safe use of hand and power tools common to the install
select the motorized vehicles appropriate to specific landscape construction and/or maintenance tasks .
use traditional design and drafting tools to create scaled illustrations of lan
develop salable landscape plans that meet customer needs by application of design principles .
develop cost estimates for plans as and after they are developed .
groundcovers flowers and turf in a manner that assures their successful transplant in the northeastern united
install materials such as concrete pavers wood bricks stonework and fencing correctly .
prepare a soil sample for testing and perform the test .
recognize identify and classify the major insect pests of ornamental plants .
recognize identify and classify the major pathogens of plant disease .
recognize the symptoms of plant injuries and ascertain their probable causes .
demonstrate the ability to create landscape plans and related graphic illustrations using computer driven drawing programs .
yea but we have n't played any good teams whatsoever ! ! ! ! ! ! !
my 14.04 uses 730mb without a browser and 2.3gb with chromium with 13 tabs .
in both cases there 's about 1gb additionally in the cache .
also in your image it really does n't look like all that adds up to 1.3gb .
but your nnid is locked to your current wii u .
the only way you can switch it is to do a system transfer .
if your old wii u is dead or stolen you ca n't do the transfer .
if you ca n't do the transfer you must call nintendo to have them switch the nnid to your new wii u .
the only addendum i would add is that judging how op describes her comments then it sounds to me like height means something to his gf .
that in turn begs the question of if love is blind to height then how much does she love him deep down if she routinely says such things .
it 's definitely something to think about and talk over .
they go hand-in-hand but are never the same thing .
i 've read that in comments but have n't been able to find the source .
did n't they haggle the us down from the initial 12 years '' or something ?
i read in comment sections that this was a big win for us but some of the other countries in the tpp are going to be increasing to 8 years which will hurt them .
if someone armed with the stuff i ask for ...
i had no problem hunting them down ... and i do n't mean only isis ...
i mean anyone with any kind of connection to it a 'scotched earth ' sort of thing not letting any single trace of them exist that 's how i woudl do it
i 've tried everything from paxil to lexapro tricyclics snris ended up in the hospital with serotonin syndrome mood stabilizers anti-anxiety meds even atypical antipsychotics .
many of these i took short term and they made me so sick i had to stop which is when they would put me on something new although some i took for years .
all of this was to fix my ibs and anxiety .
after years of being experimented on by doctors i finally said screw it and went the all natural approach .
it took years to get off everything and i 'm still dealing with long term side effects even though i 'm off everything .
i 've had more success in the past two years taking care of myself then the past 15 years of drugs and western treatments from doctors .
do n't get me wrong i think the doctors truly wanted to help .
they were n't bad people they just have bad information from the pharmaceutical companies and their treatment protocols are severely behind the times .
i keep all my e-liquids on a shelf in my living room away from the window so they do n't get sun but i could get a box to keep them in for added protection .
i traded him last week in a small package deal .
i sent freeman atl marshall nyj for lacy gb allen sd .
freeman has had a better season than lacy thus far but i firmly believe in owning reliable players over unproven studs .
also you 're rb committee is deep as fuck .
im sure there are things that ca n't be done in 123d but i have n't found something yet .
i know that at least fundamentalist catholics believe suffering is a gift from god intended to make us more like jesus see mother teresa .
but of course they do n't understand that people who do n't believe as they do should be allowed to make their own decision .
he has to eat dog shit in front of you .
this is extreme boundary crossing shit and it needs to be addressed .
if he refuses to do any of these steps divorce him .
is there some tradition in naming transit cards with an o or have i just stumbled on circumstance ?
we have orca london has oyster cards and hk apparently has octopus .
will you be a little patient before throwing around insults ?
first of all there is a bike 'path ' along 28th .
notice my use of the word path instead of lane .
i even put quotes to try to make that more clear ... its a multi use path .
in other words a sidewalk that has been made wider so that both bikes and pedestrians can use it .
this is part of the reason it is so terrible for bikers and also why i said bikers avoid it !
now i expect that people like you that use your quick judgement and name calling are exactly what the problem here in boulder is .
the politicians ca n't make good decisions because you just resort to complaining and calling people idiots .
although famsa is a lower bracket predatory business for the average juan '' its exposing bitcoin to the kind of people who really need to know what is bitcoin i 'm talking about people who make 5-15 dlls a day .
off the top of my head the highest is probably ... 2013 texans ?
that was a great year for him before he got hurt .
you 're right you owe me dimenz now for all the hassle s
i sincerely hope your wife is receptive to these and your words .
mine is not and we 've reached the breaking point .
what 's sad is she knows recognizes and articulates i know you do n't like me anymore but that 's your problem '' the issues but will be damned if she 's going to meet me even half way .
this is what i 'm living right now just wrote this up today
no i do not want to help you with your homework .
not five minutes passes when i am around you that i do n't hear my name and your insistence i come to the rescue whether it 's how to do something on the computer or taking the girls off your hands heaven forbid they talk to you .
i ask myself if this is because i am working two jobs and taking care of the majority of the care of our daughters while you do your schoolwork for days and days .
i ask myself if it 's because last year i worked two jobs and did the vast majority of childcare while you were away at school .
then you 'd come home on the weekends and rage not to mention the weekday rage at me for failing to maintain a standard of cleanliness in the house that you vowed you 'd show me '' this year .
i ask myself if it 's because you have quite literally zero respect for anything outside your immediate personal concerns .
to you we must all suffer these because you are right '' .
it 's supposed to be a dance two minds in sync or close to it .
what you probably did n't expect was that instead of bowing to your will your will would become irrelevant in my mind .
i agree that it is probably not necessary at this time but i could believe it expands the pool of people considered rather than simply having the same guys re-hired somewhere else without looking past the usual suspects .
can you honestly say it seems that inconvenient to add a week if that to the hiring process ?
but he can do useful things too he can bring me slippers or beer
i do n't think that anyone who has n't dated a black person necessarily needs an explanation for it .
the question is what happens when you go around saying i juist do n't find black people attractive '' .
that 's racist just as it would be racist to say i just do n't find black people to be friendly '' .
the line about reddit and the battle goose had my laughing so hard !
if people lived on mars would we suffer radiation poisoning ?
also if we reproduced on mars would are genes get mixed up and cause negative effects ?
sorry there all mine i know a couple people who are homeless so i create my own little giving tree '' take a pair and keep em
talked to amazon again and they said the adapter and box are shipping together for me and will both be here tomorrow .
though they have n't shipped yet so i 'm not sure .
i have n't seen a british citizen im a immigrant in the uk for a year now working a minimal wage job .
im pretty sure russell wilson is nowhere near elite '' .
still well behind rodgers luck big ben brees brady romo rivers palmer peyton manning ryan newton .
a grest manager does n't win you a lot of games .
but as williams showed a shit one sure can lose them .
in 1944 the vatican began to advance to make an appeal to join .
i 'd like to submit article 24 of the lateran treaty
in regard to the sovereignty appertaining to it also in international matters the holy see declares that it desires to take and shall take no part in any temporal rivalries between other states nor in any international congresses called to settle such matters save and except in the event of such parties making a mutual appeal to the pacific mission of the holy see the latter reserving in any event the right of exercising its moral and spiritual power .
the vatican city shall therefore be invariably and in every event considered as neutral and inviolable territory .
such parties making a mutual appeal to the pacific mission '' is the clause i am referring to in that resolution 008 would be okay .
if the un voted to add it that would be a appeal and the un can accept that the vatican is pacifist .
it would simply vote against anything regarding war or peacekeepers .
but.. last season was pretty all over the place .
a few pros got gold 1 a lot of people did very well in provisionals but would go from mid high gold to silver 5 ... etc .
turns out my package was a poster just not the gb one .
i actually enjoyed the metal gear story up till now .
now there 's a lot of questions and fewer answers .
and that 's precisely why we chose to stay in oslo for the christmas this year as expats .
let 's just hope it snows and we can walk about half-empty city .
if a server serves a page and nobody is listening has the page still been served ?
do n't you love working and having a customer run in ... '' lets make this quick i 'm illegally parked '' .
then proceed to rush you finish up a sale/oder/etc .
as if it is your fault they are parked illegally .
once they came in and the the ticket at us and said your problem now '' .
phew okay i 'm glad i asked before diving in !
i now only wash my face with water in the morning and maybe wipe off with son park 's beauty water if i feel the need to .
i think that might be helping a bit but not too much .
you must realize that your thoughts on this matter are borderline insane .
you even agree that you are heavily biased yet that has no impact on how you view your beliefs .
i play vel'koz support so i can get fed in half the time .
he had some damn good reasons for being crazy during certain parts of part 2 ...
iirc all of the fat pack boxes have the same issue .
take the dividers from your pre release deck boxes and put one at each end to avoid damaging your cards when you close the box
i have a pair of merino wool socks on at the office and my feet are basically numb .
i hate being cold more than i hate being hungry .
you were turning into a really good caller for a while .
now you 're turning into a really terrible caller .
you do n't need to call in every day .
quick introduction r/mhoc is a political simulation game where political enthusiasts and people who are fans of arguments and the like get together to discuss roleplay debate and legislate !
i am standing as the liberal democrat candidate for hampshire surrey and west sussex and we would like you the reader to vote for us we made improvements in mental healthcare legalised same-sex marriage in northern ireland and many more .
as a party the mhoc liberal democrats differs quite a bit from our real-life counterparts .
for a start we currently have more than 8 mps ahem ahem and we are a lot more radical on the liberal side of things .
we are not between the the tories and labour but a genuine option of liberalism with a clear distinct focus on restructuring the economy protecting our civil liberties and going for it on digital rights currently working on a digital bill of rights .
we would be very grateful to have your vote in this election and even better join us at r/mhoc !
our primary motivation is to have a good laugh while having some heated debate something that we think will appeal to most of our fellow redditors .
in my party we have an lg fighter and a cn alechmist and after fighting some bandits the party managed to knock one unconscious in order to learn of their mysterious intentions of the bandits .
the party decided to explore onwards while the cn alchemist went to collapse the tunnel to prevent more bandits from being able to use the tunnel into the city while doing this he killed the prisoner because he didnt think he could learn anything and frankly couldnt trust him to not come back to kill the group later .
so after hearing from the party member of his actions he immediately reported him to the guards to get him arrested for murder .
as a gm i see this as a bit of a dick move considering the is n't the first time the party as a whole killed unconscious people or prisoners against the lg 's wishes and yet this is the first time he did anything about it .
initially we played it all out and after all the dust settled it was time to end the session and the cn cant trust the lg and vice versa so now we have come to a crossroads and i cant help but blame the person playing the lg for starting the shit storm ...
thoughts comments and any feedback would be really appreciated in trying to figure out wtf just happened lol
side note im somewhat new to gming but our group is also composed of many new players who may not have the ability to suspend their disbelieve to make sure everyone has a good time
let me know how much of the difference i need to pay .
your keys are on their way send via pm i have no clue how to tag someones name tho ... eh
congratulations everyone thanks for the good laugh and to participating to my awkward contest .
and for the few who did n't get a key dont worry !
hang out on twitch on week ends to find people who stream gigantic and will very likely give away keys sharkjuggler persistantworld ... and many more !
major plot twist turns out i 'll be able to be 3 times more generous than planed as i possess a total of 6 keys !
i 've been in the alpha/beta since last december but my computer died a few months ago and could n't play since then
you clicked that thread because you wanted a key did n't you ?
well guess what i just noticed i had 2 unused keys left to give away !
post a comment with something funny preferably gigantic related .
do it before saturday 10th october arround 8:30 am cet where i 'll chose 2 winners who made me laugh the most !
not arleady have a key in order to give a chance to those who actually don't
i am yet to hear back from epic but was wondering what is the typical time to finish the test .
based on my understanding it can be anywhere from 2-4 hrs .
just curious how long did others take to finish the assessment ?
i think i got distracted and ended up taking little over 3 hrs .
is it still possible to get called for onsite interview ?
also how long after the online assessment before you heard back from epic regarding the decision couple of days/weeks ... based on what i have read it ranges from 2 days to 2 weeks ?
post your marketing material like websites email pitches trailers presskits promotional images etc. and get feedback from and give feedback to other devs .
do not try to promote your game to game devs here we are not your audience .
clearly state what you want feedback on otherwise your post may be removed .
if you post something try to leave some feedback on somebody else 's post .
if you do post some feedback try to make sure it 's good feedback make sure it has the what the logo sucks ... '' and the why ... because it 's hard to read on most backgrounds '' .
a very wide spectrum of items can be posted here but try to limit yourself to one or two important items in your post to prevent it from being cluttered up .
also do n't forget to thank the people who took some of their time to write some feedback for you even if you do n't agree with it .
note using url shorteners is discouraged as it may get you caught by reddit 's spam filter .
i need to run cydia impactor in safe mode because my phone wo n't boot up into the normal mode ...
i 've been meaning to use it anyway because i 've has lots of small problems here and there ...
id love to know if you have ever been blackmailed for sex of any kind .
or did you get out a sticky situation by sex of some kind ?
id love to hear about a time in which you pretty much had to do a sexual act .
maybe you were just caught masturbating and the person wanted to see you finish .
it can be tame or a bad experience i still want to hear about it .
if it was a one time thing or it was on going .
even if it was a guy that just wanted you to do something that you did n't want to but you still did it .
please feel at ease this is just for my own enjoyment .
i owned a ps4 with games like destiny mortal kombat x formula 1 racing .
looking to meet new people who enjoys video games .
i know we can get reimbursed for tolls that we have to go through but can we get reimbursed for tolls taken while on our way to get pax ?
i had to go through a toll to get a pax the other night .
i could of gone another way probably but it would of added 10 mins on to my arrival time .
it was only 75 cents so it 's not a huge deal but i 'd like to know for future reference .
i 'd like to be a part of this community .
i was never really in any big clans except for bruce lee .
i won the anniversary tournament and got the infamous white gas mask as a prize along with the white ghillie and some stickers .
i uploaded a video of all of my old gear for the new mgo people to see .
i run a show where i do playthroughs of games .
this morning the finale went up for one of my favorite games of all time star wars jedi knight jedi academy .
if you would like to watch you can find the full playlist here https www.youtube.com/playlist ? list=pl0phrvvboshub0-gj9spm_lakd-lc-3a2 we appreciate the views and the likes and all that stuff .
i have kf experience through deathsingers but have n't killed the king yet .
i have watched some videos and have a spindle .
hopefully some fireteam is willing to take an oryx cp newbie .
ha do you really watch shows like attack on titan ?
being a true anime fan/japanese person soul-wise i can say that you ca n't call yourself an ótakū until you 've watched all of bleach along with true beautiful modern classics such as bleach death note really deep and brooding hellsing mirai nikki k-on lucky star and corpse party hella edgy .
honestly i bet that you 're a fucking filthy american .
as much as i hate it my parents refuse to denounce their filthy american heritage in favor of glorious nippon despite my offerings of using my welfare money to buy them all genuine folded 9,000,000,000 times katanas which are not only the greatest sword in the universe but also the greatest weapon in the universe able to easily cut through filthy gaijin bullets and missiles .
in conclusion if you fuck with me i 'll transform into my final super mega form and blow up the entire universe like demonbane or super goku the gretest character evar because i 'm just .
thank the nine divines that wilson pulled some amazing plays and our defense looks in prime form but i fear it wo n't be enough against the bengals .
i 'd say our offensive line is bottom five in the league and that 's being generous .
the amount of times in this game that wilson had half a second to throw or just being plain sacked was appalling ... really hope pete and the other coaches find a good strategy to give our offense a standing chance .
i have a modified eurocar westwind 3k sports car with the walker mod this thing is modified to be like cryingwolf http vignette1.wikia.nocookie.net/metalgear/images/0/0d/cryingwolfmgs4.jpg/revision/latest ? cb=20080608033702 crossed with i 'm wondering if it can fit in the back of the gaz p-179 pickup .
about 3 years ago august 2012 i had a partial tear in my right pec .
it was the less common version of a pec tear in the muscle wall rather than tendon from bone or at the musculotendinous junction and as such could not be fixed according to the surgeon i talked to in the army .
i did go through physical therapy for it and regained pretty much all of my day to day use though it still twinges if i have to reach far left across my body .
i just got back into lifting last month after being scared of tearing things for years .
i 'm lifting the way i normally would on most of my lifts but i 'm still really hesitant with my bench press specifically and my chest in general .
i 'm currently doing 3x10 115 lbs with a barely wider than shoulder width grip .
from those of you that know these things does it seem safe to continue doing bench press at low weight ?
i 'd like to be able to work my chest out but not at a significant risk of re-injuring myself .
if it matters i tore my chest on a light workout day .
my 1 rep max was 305 i had done 8-6-6 at 155/185/215 and had planned on doing the last set 225 lbs for 4 reps .
i took the bar up lowered it and my pec tore a couple of inches into the lift .
i smoked at the time which i believe may have contributed no real knowledge there just a guess and it was the day after a pretty intense push-up pt session .
tl/dr tore my chest ca n't fix with surgery how should i work out my chest ?
so i stumbled across this video in my search for prostate orgasm vids and am seriously interested in what 's happening .
it looks like he 's got something in there that vibrates in time to some program or website on a screen .
every time the bell rings he twitchs like he 's being stimulated .
any help is appreciated and i 'm sure others will be curious too !
well it 's been a over a year since my last relationship and i 'm finally starting to feel that itch to talk to someone and get to know them .
i want to talk to you about space discoveries morbid stories and any interests we happen to share .
i want to finally feel those butterflies in my stomach again and i want to be able to share my day with someone .
basically i want to try to have a long distance relationship if we do end up connecting .
a little about me i 'm 5'10 '' 143 pounds caucasian and a computer science student currently in my second year at a university .
i 'm located in texas if that matters to anyone .
i 'd probably consider myself a pessimist so it would be nice to find someone else to either revel in the agony or someone to make me see the brighter side in life .
i love to code i feel its one of the most rewarding feelings to finish a program where in the beginning you thought you had no chance of completing it .
it would be cool if you were a cs student as well but it 's not really that important .
i 'm looking for someone within my age range so probably or four years of my age .
i think any older or younger and our interests and lifestyles just might not align .
also since i 'm sort of looking for a possible relationship i have to share that i am not into bbw .
my interests include hiking cycling 420 and just generally watching things .
whether it be tv anime movies bad movies documentaries or people while i 'm sitting around at college .
i also play video games but who does n't these days .
so if any of the above sounds appealing please send me a message and we can continue from there .
i do have one caveat though i 'd prefer it if you were n't the type to just send one line replies .
i would have provided a picture here for you since you went through the trouble of reading my fairly long post but i 'm really against having my photos attached to a post like this .
i will send photos to any pm 's though regardless if you send me yours in return .
thanks for reading i hope to talk to you soon .
i was walking home from work the other night when i seen four ufos .
it lookedi like fireballs in the sky flying and was very close to determine that i in fact could not come up with a logical explanation as to what they were .
this was on sunday at about 9:20 p.m just outside of toronto .
this is kind of nit-picky and a bit of a long shot but i figured i 'd throw it out there anyway .
i use a ds4 controller to play rocket league on pc .
when i connect the controller without 3rd party software it uses directinput and the game displays the ps buton icons .
however to get vibration working and because xinput is more widely supported many if not most ds3/ds4 users use tools that make the controller emulate an xbox controller so the game displays xbox button icons .
it would be nice to have the game display ps icons while emulating an xbox controller even if it 's hidden in a settings file somewhere .
we 've got it down about a third and could always use more help !
i am constantly worrying that start up i am working in may fire me and i end up job searching without any income
since a lot more people are playing kalista i thought it might be a bit helpful for players to know that you can bind your support as soon as you get in game by activating the item and clicking the champion icon !
they 'll be able to move as soon as the spawn gates open .
i am looking for a friend safari that contains an ivysaur wartortle or charmeleon .
it would be greatly appreciated as i am currently working on a shiny living dex .
not much to say about this one just a pretty standard airship levels .
requires throwing some bomb-ombs at some point and jumping on canonballs .
the character is an aaracokran who is a very charismatic rogue .
she broke into their house forged documents and immediately got attacked by a cockatrice who believed her to be it 's mother .
the party came down knocked out the cockatrice and the monk got turned into stone from a cockatrice bite .
the rogue immediately started flirting with the female bard and thief whilst convincing them that she was sold the fake deed .
direct quote so you are saying that everyone here is questioning their sexuality except the monk who got 'just the tip ' of a cockatrice ? ''
i have no idea how to join a clan .
2 hicaps with magpuls double o ring piston new m120 spring .
selling it for my friend he 's asking 110+shipping .
what are my best options for saving for retirement ?
what about saving for short term how can i build interest on a small amount of money ?
i have never invested before and i would like to know how i can make my money work for me .
this is a small list of ac cards as i am whittling down my trades but thought i would offer a list of the cards i have available and what i still need .
hoping to do 1:1 trades if possible sp for sp and villager for villager .
updated just got some cards and have some more to trade .
if needed i can do 2:1 villager for sp trades .
i know it 's not just me as my friends are experiencing the same thing .
i thought maybe it was just me but quite a few others are getting it too .
did a speed test and everything was fine on my end 140d5u .
i had a hard time downloading the game too but apparently that 's fairly normal and annoying !
150kbps is not acceptable by any standard which by the way when i complained about i was met with hostility from the community real good way to start my return to the game so thanks for that .
i recently moved out of an apartment in ohio and my landlord gave me notice within the required 30 days time that he was making a claim on the whole of my security deposit 525 .
in his letter of notice he notes the portion of the lease agreement that states that the tenants will receive their deposit back if the following provisions are met one of which is highlighted the portion about the entire dwelling closets and cupboards being clean etc .
he writes that this particular section was not satisfied as the premises were not left by the tenants in the manner outlined in the agreement and a significant amount of cleaning was required to prepare for the new tenants.
my roommate and i cleaned extensively within the unit before we left and to my estimation left it in the condition necessary to receive most if not all the deposit back .
after the 30-day window i texted him asking what these purported issues were and he mentioned several issues that we had specifically taken care of before we had moved out .
even if they were true i see no way in which the issues he cited cost him 525 to fix .
my problem is the pictures i took when i moved out in no way prove my story over his .
i just do n't have enough detail to answer all of these claims and so i really do n't have any proof of my story .
the only issue i can see that might have potential for getting some of the money back is under a technicality in his notification about the claim on my deposit .
under orc 5321.16 which governs security deposits http codes.ohio.gov/orc/5321.16 i came across this any deduction from the security deposit shall be itemized and identified by the landlord in a written notice delivered to the tenant together with the amount due within thirty days after termination of the rental agreement and delivery of possession.
i 'm no lawyer but in my estimation he did not fulfill this requirement .
in his letter he simply notes the section of the contract we supposedly did not fulfill and notes that a significant amount of cleaning was required to prepare for the new tenants. to me this does n't seem like it is itemized but perhaps this is too technical to try to go to court over .
do i have any sort of a case here ?
in general terms how specific would an itemized list need to be ?
additionally i 'm confident that if he had an itemized list of whatever work he had to do in preparing for the new tenants that it would not add up to 525 .
can he simply make a claim to the whole of the deposit if he says we did not meet the terms of the contract ?
or does he have to prove that he spent that much money fixing these purported problems ?
i know my landlord is acting in bad faith but is there any way i can recover even some of my deposit if i do n't have proof for my story ?
i 'm guessing it 's probably the latter but i figured i 'd ask just in case .
could a technicality help me get some of my deposit back ?
i have 2 years of corporate accounting experience and want to transition into public accounting .
i recently completed the cpa exam and want to know if that will be enough to transition to a position with a regional to big 4 sized firm in a new state .
my plan is to reach out to alumni from my college and apply to posted positions online .
i am still awaiting for my license to be granted and am not sure if this will be a limiting factor for me to be hired .
also is there a preferred time for someone out of school to apply for staff level positions ?
anyone with advice from their pesronal experiences or has any general thoughts on my job hunting strategy are greatly appreciated .
i spit out my gum in her yard and the cockroaches came out dancing and singing clap your hands stomp your feet praise the lord we got something to eat ! ''
i 'm trying to write my first fiction novel .
my goal is to get it published and i know everyone must think that their idea 's are good but i honestly think it could be something .
well i just need tips for writing anything helps .
also if anyone 's interested in reading my first chapter to help me find out if it 's interesting enough that would be great .
i need articuno and moltres for my pokedex on xy but i only have zapdos and none of my friends can help .
if you 'd like something in return i could look around in my pc but i havent compiled an actual list of pokemon i have yet ...
as always we encourage participation from everyone if you 've never heard the album there 's a youtube link provided !
welcome to the ninety-ninth week of r/progrockmusic 's album of the week !
last week we discussed banco del mutuo soccorso 's darwin !
if you 'd like to peruse previous weeks ' discussions please visit the archive .
2 the gravity 3 this is the future 4 life 5 the best and brightest 6 circuit court 7 life at any cost 8 what it means to be human 9 we regret to inform you 10 more life .
how does this stand up compared to the bigger proggers of 2015 like birds and buildings haken steven wilson etc .
are there any moments on the album you consider particularly strong or particularly weak i.e. favourite/least favourite moments ?
a dimension rift popped up and i went through 11 stages and managed 3 biometrics .
did the 9 elite mission attempts and only got 3 more biometrics .
then as soon as i 'm done with the elite missions a flash sale of the team pack 'cut the small talk ' spider-man and black bolt pops up ... ..and i can hear the incessant cackling of the rngesus in the background as i go about the rest of the day .
anybody else have any recent first-world gaming problems when it comes to our random friend ?
i 'm sorry i have nothing to trade right now because i 'm new to guild quests but i would really appreciate it .
georgia visits neyland stadium this weekend looking to rebound from the bloodbath this past weekend .
tennessee has dropped two straight and has had their season derailed by 3 losses by a combined 15 points .
georgia should matchup well with tennessee but the last 4 games in the series have all been decided by one score .
georgia has n't dropped a game to the volunteers since 2009 .
the closest the vols have come was in 2013 when tennessee came back from an early deficit and georgia scored with 0:05 to force ot .
the vols then had an fortunate fumble in ot http cdn2.sbnation.com/imported_assets/1843311/tenfumble_medium.gif to give georgia an easy game-winning fg .
i just finished reading lonesome dove and loved it .
it 's one of the most fun reading experiences i 've had in a long time .
i 'm trying to decide whether i should check out the prequels dead man 's walking and comanche moon .
but i 'm worried that the prequels wo n't be anywhere near as good as lonesome dove and that they 'll end up tarnishing my opinion .
have any of you read lonesome dove and followed it up with one or both of the prequels ?
it feels like forever since i last read a post that was part of a good series .
first caterham ended then ice cream and fire moutain ended and then nothing .
there was stories from a gimp for a while but that too has vanished .
is it just a lull between fat people incidents ?
subject i 'd like to be trained in the different sub genres of edm learn what the differences are and perhaps learn a few things about music itself while doing this .
ambition i 'd like to be able to organize my music libraries by genre after this .
work example am i supposed to link some songs here ?
term i do n't really think this would take too too long so maybe a few hours ?
tools available skype teamspeak i 've got fl studio if that makes any difference .
lesson plan instructor gives some example songs for a genre i attempt to find a song that works for that genre check it etc
info ideal mentor would be someone who does n't mind me being a bit incorrect about this currently .
other if i 've left something out please tell me
but basically as i use my dripper and black gunk burnt juice i guess builds up on the coil some of it flakes off and falls onto the wick itself .
or should i definitely change the wick once it gets dirty ?
let me start off by saying that i 've been a huge blochead since 2007 .
i started with a weekend in the city which makes me a bit of a latecomer compared to many of you but my passion for the band grew quickly and within a month i had the words to skeleton completely memorized .
that passion lasted through the intimacy hiatus and the uncertainty of the four era not to mention big changes in my own life that one would normally expect in a young man rocketing through the confusion of his adolescence and it kept going right up until the end of 2013 when matt revealed that he had quit the band .
that 's the point i 've managed to nail down as the end of my protracted bloc party fever .
that 's the first time i stepped back and said to myself maybe it 's time to move on from this whole thing . ''
after all it is kind of silly when you think about it .
it 's four guys in a room three guys and a girl now i suppose banging on instruments and recording some of the sounds they make every now and then .
i 'm over-simplifying it for the sake of comedy of course but i did wonder for a long time why this band was so very important to me .
things are about to get embarrassing up in here so prepare yourself .
i 've come to realize that bloc party had such a profound effect on my life at such an impressionable age that i could n't help but elevate it to a higher plane of existence .
bloc party was n't the first band i ever loved but they were the first one that ever changed my life .
i mean their songs were about things real things not just girls and cars but politics and existential questions about the world and our place in it .
they made you feel so much feelings that you never acknowledged outside of the music feelings that maybe you did n't even know you had until bloc party introduced you to them .
a record from bloc party was n't a simple collection of tunes to pass the time it was a journey it was an experience and you were richer for incorporating it into your life .
you were n't a passive listener in the music you were a part of the music .
you made a home for it deep within your soul and opened yourself up to it .
you exposed your fears and your pain and your anxieties to it and it nurtured them back to health with understanding and insight .
i just do n't have those kinds of feelings about the band these days .
do n't get me wrong i still love bloc party and what they 've done to enrich my life and the music they 've already given me will always fill that special place in my heart that i described above but i 've been watching the latest developments in bloclandia with a level of detachment that took me by surprise when i finally realized it .
on the contrary i 'm very interested to see what comes out of this new and restructured bloc party .
however i just do n't have the passion for the band that i used to .
i do n't have the sort of hunger that used to make me scour the depths of the internet for hours on end in search of live bootlegs and angel range demos .
each mission was a complete failure of course or else we 'd all be listening to life of the party right now but i kept doing it over and over like a man driven mad by his thirst for more bloc party ... and i do n't have the passion to do that any more .
i do n't have the drive that motivated me to log into always new depths every single day and discuss the same handful of subjects over and over again ad nauseum just because they were so important to me .
in its place i have a mild sort of benign interest that nobody in their right mind would ever characterize as hype '' and a solid curiosity to hear what 's coming but without the passion that used to accompany that to go out and hunt for as much early information leaks and details as i possibly could .
maybe i 've just gotten older and my interests have shifted .
i am in a very different place in my life now and i do n't have the free time that i once did ... but that ca n't be it because the old bloc party still excites me even today in the same way that it always has .
so maybe too much has changed within the band and they 've simply moved away from what excited me about them in the first place .
there has been a definite stylistic shift in the music so maybe it 's just not exciting to me anymore ... that could be it but i do like the stuff they 've been putting out recently so i 'm not ready to point the finger there just yet .
maybe too much accumulated behind-the-scenes drama finally poisoned the well for me .
maybe the last hiatus dragged on too long and the momentum finally died out .
i just know that while i do still consider myself a bloc party fan and nothing can ever take away the significance and impact that their past work has had on my life i 'm not very invested in what they 're doing right now and that 's a weird feeling for me because it 's one that i 've never associated with this band before .
i 'm interested ... but i 'm not invested .
... that was ridiculously over-wrought but you get the idea .
does anybody else feel this way and if so have you figured out why ?
just as the title suggests this seasonal highscore will test your tanking abilities .
this is a much different task than most kills '' because you have to have strategy and have to continuously keep attacking the creature without killing them .
the only element i know is a hint of moba'ness since all the warframes have 3 normal skills and one ultimate .
in the cybertron games he wields his axe like he practices some form of martial arts and in devastation prime is throwing out drop kicks and sick combos .
3.1k mmr currently i used to play a lot of dota but moved and that took couple month to settle down .
i 'm looking to get back into the game and play serious i can play anywhere 1 2 3 .
i 'm on most nights and can play couple games a day
have mic looking to improve and play in competitive environment .
stalking not allowed until pvp enabled helpop if being stalked
note server got updated to 1.8 stuff may break .
i 've been babooned weaseled beetled and birded within the past couple hours .
hi there just wanted some opinions about what i should do .
i recently dropped my pro 3 and made the mistake of not buying from a windows store so i was unable to get microsoft complete .
here is a pic of what it looks like https gyazo.com/d3d7141b15b35b4987e75a7ccdcd3d3d
would it be best to send it in and see what it 'll cost to fix or get a new one or what .
if i do send it in any idea what it 'll cost ?
i do n't cry because i want people to pay attention to me .
i excelled in school played sports held leadership positions was a generally happy '' person on the outside .
but somehow ... very periodically i would sit alone in my room thinking about ending my life .
thinking about how good it would feel to just feel nothing .
to not have to deal with the constant voice in my head repeatedly saying how worthless stupid selfish inconsiderate inadequate i am .
the first person i told was my high school boyfriend .
who responded by saying you should just forget about it ...
but the flash backs came back.. and they still keep coming back .
not only am i reminded of when i was taken advantage of when i was a child but i let myself be taken advantage of by other males .
i did n't know that i was letting them use me until after the fact ...
i feel revolted by the thought of all the things i 've done and let others do to me .
i do n't want to look at myself in the mirror again .
i do n't want to feel pain and regret anymore .
for the past 6 months i have commuted back and forth on broad street during rush hour 5 days a week sometimes all 7 days .
there was a time during the construction of the new holiday inn that the road was reduced to 1 lane when heading south .
and even then driving on broad was never anything other than 500 better than market st .
i just do n't see what the big deal is .
i 'm sorry but i 'm sure the instances of curb tripping will be minor and small in number .
i moved here from jacksonville fl literally the worst city i have ever lived in when it came to transportation .
coming from there it 's just funny to see people get bent out of shape over adding 1 or 2 minutes to their commute if that .
and if you wanted to bike in jacksonville you risked your life constantly .
it 's nice to see a city that is looking for safe ways to give alternatives to constantly using our cars .
i apologize for the snark of this post but i 've just seen so much of this over the past few days and it 's really starting to get more sad than it was amusing .
i 'm all for calling out the stupidity of change for change 's sake but only if it makes sense .
i practically live on broad street and i just ca n't see how so many people can have such a huge problem with this .
i am a little unclear how it all works but i was informed that the tap tastes like mold and i never noticed it .
i am starting to believe this because ever since i moved here i have had a coughing spell .
how many of them can we have on our housing plot .
i have a garden and a mineral deposit but it wo n't let me get a relic excavation on yet i still have on slot available
i know that he spoke of looking for his old jacket when the revival had just been announced and i know the actor who plays hawk suggested he 'd be returning .
but i have n't heard word of him being spotted on set even with other scenes involving twin peaks sheriff department people .
which has me a little worried especially with rumours of a recast role .
having said that kyle maclachlan was n't on set at first either so perhaps ontkean 's scenes come later in the shoot .
and if so do you have any videos of her ?
she seems to have somehow purged herself from the internet and that 's a shame .
the thing is that i usually pause the game at the start of each game to place him as cam .
my question is if i should make a position change to cm or have his card as cam .
alright so i downloaded divx to convert mkv files into avi files all going well i put the 2 seasons of shows into the converter start the program .
bam all the mkv files on my laptop will now only play audio .
anyone know how to fix this or what went wrong ?
so about 7 months ago my girlfriend started working for a in my opinion high end resuraunt she 's not a server but she 's not a bus boy either in her position she helps the servers out runs the food rolls the silverware washing it and whatever the managers can tell her to do they once made her sweep the leaves out of the alley in the back because they did n't want a patron to see them .
so she is one to get sick about 4 times a year and when she gets sick she gets pretty sick vomiting complete body aches migraines stomach aches every time and it 's pretty severe pain .
and each time it has happened she tells the managers and they still insist she comes in .
they do n't have many people that do her job there probably about 2 other people so if they ca n't have someone work it that evening they are very understaffed so they do n't like to have that position open on any nights .
she throws up outside in the bathrooms barely is able to sleep the night before and even has a very obvious fever and they still make her come in .
they have n't threatened to fire her but even when she had mono they told her to come in and work but she has never insisted on not coming in either for fear of being fired .
she just tells them that she 's sick and they blow it off like its nothing .
so she got sick about a week ago and told her managers and they insist she comes in even though she found someone to agree to cover her shift they told her that they would n't allow that employee to cover it .
mind you she 's 19 and lives with her parents still .
so she goes into work after going to the doctor the day before and the doctor even called them and faxed them and told them that she is not fit to work that day and that she is ill and they do n't care they still told her to come in for a double shift which means working for 9 hours on her feet all day with what is supposed to be an hour break but she only got 20 minutes .
so about 6 hours into her 9 hour shift her mother goes to the restaurant and has a loud conversation with the managers informing them that her daughter wo n't be working while she is ill .
while i agree that it is embarrassing that her mother did that she was n't going to stand up for herself to her managers in fear of termination .
they have fired people because they do n't smile enough before people come and go at the resuraunt if i explained everything they do there to make it high end '' it 's pretty crazy to me she makes 15 an hour in the lowest job at the resuraunt .
so we have proof of her informing them of being sick on multiple occasions and still telling her to come in and work is there anything we can do to make sure that she ca n't be terminated for the fact that she 's sick and definitely should n't come into work because she touches all the silverware and handles plates of food etc .
sorry for my formatting and probably useless details thrown in .
i am unlikely to be the first person to spot this .
at the end of ps dumbledore says it is a curious thing harry but perhaps those who are best suited to power are those who have never sought it .
those who like you have leadership thrust upon them and take up the mantle because they must and find to their own surprise that they wear it well .
harry does not he rejects the option and chooses horcruxes .
he becomes master of death uniting the three hallows quite by error .
he acquires the invisibility cloak from his father via dumbledore .
harry 's quest is for horcruxes which becomes without intention a quest that succeeds in uniting the hallows .
this makes him leader of the trio dumbledore 's army and de facto leader of the order of the pheonix by the time of the battle of hogwarts .
harry has power over death thrust upon him and this in turn means he gains leadership against his will .
going to go off with what is on my mind right now .
lately i 've been feeling depressed and i do n't know why i am .
i think to myself trying to find the reason but nothing comes to mind .
i finally got a new job and was happy about that .
like i do n't know why i 'm even feeling sad .
now i 'm questioning as to why i 'm even here .
going back to when i wanted to commit suicide .
i recently messaged my ex again i lost memory of this part of my life a while back due to accident .
long story and i had a moment that made me remember a moment i had with her .
then i messaged her on facebook i know some people will say that 's the bad thing to do and apologized for everything and that i remembered everything .
she asked to be friends and i ignored it .
went to my daily business of studying for test at work then stream a bit of diablo 3 until a friend came on to stream .
went to go for a jog around town to clear my mind .
got back home and it did n't seem to work .
now i 'm just sitting here trying to find somebody to talk to help make me feel like i 'm not alone in my life but i 'm too scared to talk to anyone .
i just sit alone cause i 'm scared of people leaving .
or me pushing people away again without knowing that i am .
all i want is to feel like i 'm alive .
that i 'm not in some type of secluded world or glass case .
i want people to talk to me but i 'm too scared to bring people into my life just for the fact i 'll fuck things up again .
so i just stay in my room after daily studying for work and exercise .
where can some grown-ass adults go and have a good time on the weekend without knocking down a hoard of small people ?
currently on day 46 and this is the strongest .
mostly due to no edging and no excessive drinking .
i found out cutting down on caffeine helped with nofap greatly .
at 40 i 'm glad i finally got a handle on it or at least admitted i have an addiction problem .
i had a really bad break up with a girl about a year and a half ago plus at that time had to witness a downward spiral of alzheimer 's in my father .
i still obsess about the girl ca n't seem to get over it .
it 's hard getting older she was 14 years younger .
and i guess if you could ever need a so is in a time when things get tough .
i looked at myself and saw how beaten up i was so i booked a trip to the country where my whole family came from .
i ca n't speak the language but i 'm 100 this nationality and i feel connected even though my folks where born in america .
i 'm not rich but i found a way to live here for a month and it worked because the u.s. dollar is strong .
airbnb and expedia worked great for a low budget stay and flight .
i 've just been journaling and walking a lot .
i 'm just trying to be a friend to myself and give myself some time to heal .
i do n't cry back home but here i was able to really let loose a couple of times .
the girls here are super hot but this trip is not really about picking up somebody ... .if that happened i 'd be happy but also i 'm just in so much pain that it might not be the best time to start something new .
the opposite of pmo is saying i 'm in pain .
i 've lost people i cared about and i 'm sad .
really sad and really hurt by the events in the last year .
at this point the way i feel feels like it will go on forever and that 's what makes me want to check out and pmo .
im starting to be a true best friend to myself and that 's a super power .
the beast master is often discussed and many attempts to fix or rework it have been made .
not that any before have necessarily failed its just that many people have different opinions on what the archetype needs to live up to expectations .
it is a very cool archetype and the only reason it is n't played more is its flaws in the stock phb version i think .
this rework has gone through 4 major iterations before coming to the version it is at now and even this version has seen a good amount of shifting around before reaching this point .
i am confident now that it is very close to a fair and balanced rework and one that mostly succeeds in making the beast master ranger as awesome as it should be for my preferences that is .
i understand that not everyone has the same opinions on what the archetype should be .
if you do n't like this version i encourage you to discuss it i 'm definitely happy to talk about it further and even make further changes if they 're justified .
there are a number of challenges i've/we 've tried to overcome here but the main ones are these
the beast needs to feel like a companion not a weapon you fire off and not one that requires you to command its every move .
it should feel like its own character and not just a piece of your ranger even if it often actually is n't .
choosing one should not be limited by the huge variations in damage output size utility and so on .
all beasts should have relatively close to the same stats to allow for finer tuning of the damage output of the archetype .
also people want to ride their companions of course .
you should n't need to worry about sending your beast into a fight .
the survivability of the beast companion needs to be upgraded but doing so may push the archetype into the same territory as shifting druids with tons of hit point buffering so it is a balancing act to keep them from being too defensive for the ranger as a class .
the beast companions can not be too powerful if they are going to be acting more freely so they need to have their damage controlled without it feeling like all beasts become wimps after you bond with them .
this one is the hardest hopefully they still feel beefy enough !
once again thank you to all the people who have discussed and sought solutions to the problems with the archetype and especially to those listed in the footer of the document .
i 've already seen the game from thursday night so just from sunday and monday games would be great .
no spoilers please as i 'd prefer not to know the outcome of the games .
hey guys as some of you might know i 'm taking my boards exam next week so this weekend i wont have time for planning war attacks and stuff as this is the final stage of prepping .
hope you wreck and the week after that i 'm all clash again
post here your thoughts/examples/discussions about materials particles effects post process and all about rendering .
i was introduced to poly by my now fiance 3 years ago .
neither of us has had any other partners until i met my boyfriend just over 5 months ago .
family is very important to me as is social acceptance in general .
i recently asked my now fiance to marry me which i am very happy and excited about .
however i also have a lot of feelings of sadness and worry .
my reasons for this are the rejection i have so far received from family about being poly .
my parent 's most notably my dad 's reaction when i told them i am poly were very hurtful .
i have met my boyfriend 's mum and sister both of whom are not happy about my presence in his life there is a further cultural factor here as they are indian and very much reject my cultural background uk .
my fiance 's parents do n't know that we are poly but they do know we are engaged .
they are very excited about the engagement but i feel like a fraud because they do not know the truth about our relationship .
also my fiance and his parents do not communicate well .
i am very scared that if when they do know they will reject me and i will lose the relationship i have with them .
another important thing is that i am not interested in having a legal marriage and my fiance and i are planning on having a humanist marriage .
this is partly because i do n't think the state should have any say in who loves who but also because it allows me to have the potential to marry more than one person .
my boyfriend is very into marriage and would love to have that with me someday but he has said he is happy to take a back seat so i can have the engagement and wedding i want with my fiance .
i think this is an amazing thing for him to do but i also feel very sad about it .
tl dr i just ca n't see how i could ever match my feelings about happily marrying more than one person with my want to have an extended family and be accepted in society .
you know when it comes to the heavyweights i think nintendo does n't want anybody bigger then there main series villain bowser getting in the game .
1 is there a viable support build out there that can use this weapon ?
2 can other builds abuse the healing globe spam ?
i have often heard this asserted but never actually heard any reference to original sources .
i am prepared for the wrath of the internet but here is my take on the second season of lucha underground .
any feedback regarding video quality narrating which trust me will improve audio volume image quality storylines and so on are seriously demanded .
kinda wished it was the cel-3 but i got this instead so ... any tips to use it ?
other than put red dot on it '' because obviously that 's what i 'm gon na do .
edit after struggling with this thing i at least managed to unlock the red dot .
but it 's still hitmarkersville everywhere sorry m16 but you 're just way too weaksauce .
iirc its been out for either a few weeks or on two seperate occasions a few weeks apart last time i checked vs. today .
do we have any news on when the site will restock ?
another question it 's my birthday in less than two weeks .
how long will the opt take to ship to australia ?
'' the collection of music known as pol pot 's pleasure penthouse is from a cassette anton gave me in 1992 or maybe 1991 .
it 's hard for me to remember the year exactly as it was 20 years ago .
the cassette was a tdk type i i think .
anton wrote the brian jonestown massacer '' on one side misspelling massacre and untitled 1991 '' on the other .
i played it hundreds of times on my crappy car stereo in the early 90s .
then the tape sat in a shoebox for 15 years moving with me from place to place .
in 2006 i had the cassette transferred to digital at mr. toads in san francisco .
the guy who runs the studio tardon feathered did the transfer .
i think it sounds pretty good for all that the cassette went through but of course you can hear the lower '' sound quality drop outs etc .
there 's a lot of mystery to this album seemingly the first recorded material ever from the band .
it is n't mentioned in their wiki discography or listed in spotify .
submit your pick here for album of the day https docs.google.com/forms/d/1eg5grkmg28dkzn3tkexqjl-zsn3eycp7ubwksx3wg2y/viewform
so i was messing with the idroid during that long awkward ride with skullface to go see sahlantherpous sorry if spelled wrong and i noticed that under the mission tab everything is locked out except for cassettes .
i tried playing a few with the speaker option on .
i got no results however i find it odd that cassettes is the only available option .
maybe there is a certain cassette that can be played to trigger something was my thought and why i 'm posting this .
like i said i only got to try parts of 2 or 3 tapes .
as a fan who grew up with both the prequels and the ot one point i 've always noticed that strict ot people '' sometimes adhere to is that star wars is about the light conquering the dark about good conquering evil etc .
the balance '' that is achieved in luke when vader kills the emperor is not an absolute as siths only deal in this triumph of good over evil rather it is a consolidation of the light and the dark of the selfless and the ambitious the removed and the passionate .
when anakin falls to the dark side it 's not only his failure but that of the jedi order who lacked comforting him resting on their dogmatic and rigid laurels .
luke on the other hand is surrounded by supportive friends who encourage him to follow the irrational while still being respectful of the force .
his success is in managing his ambitions but acknowledging that they are there unlike the previous jedi order who shunned all feelings of passion .
with all this considered how do y'all think this concept of balance '' will play into the sequel trilogy ?
lucasfilm could retain a sort of binary view of the force or attempt to foster the idea that a true jedi encompasses both the light and the dark .
i think it might be easier to formulate a story that is more absolute in its philosophy but based on what jj and driver have said about it 's not about kylo being bad it 's about him being right '' i am very hopeful that the depth of morality that makes the saga so unique will be retained .
my theory for how they show the consolidation of the force is that rey will become more dark side over the course of the trilogy and kylo will become more light side .
neither however will absolutely be one or the other .
imagine that at the end of vii someone perhaps luke betrays the trust of rey and her confusion sends her on a pilgrimage or something to moriband during viii .
kylo could be injured by his master or the first order and maybe a central point to viii is his realization of the power of selfless and teamwork .
something happens and by the end of the trilogy in ix the two join together to demonstrate the ideal jedi through the balancing of the scales .
what are y'all 's thoughts in general about the nature of the force and how this will play out in the sequel trilogy ?
others with at least 10 points boise st. 15 lw 28
this was found by my dad in the desert where i live and we have found more of them around arrow heads and stuff like that just wondering what this would have been used for .
it has a sharp round edge and a place to put your thumb .
if you 're unfamiliar with the political simulation genre it is a class of games in which you play as the leader of a nation and controll it like in the civilization or europa universalis series .
in this idea which i 've given the working name world of adversity '' you 'd start in a historically interesting time period like for example the turn of the first millenium and you 'd have a map of the nations of that time period .
rather than playing as a historical nation like in most political simulators you 'd choose a nation to declare your independence from define the borders of your new nation and fight a war of independece .
if you win said war you get your own nation that you can name and all rivals of the nation you chose become your allies to start while its allies become hostile towards you .
you can then begin making or breaking alliances conquering new lands etc .
however being a king would just be the start of it .
when you are at war you have the option to play as a soldier or captain and fight in the war yourself in a fps-style minigame to claim your own victory .
i have gone a few years thinking i am fine but lately i have been getting online threats that could be considered cyber bullying .
i have deleted most social media accounts and they followed me from one to the next .
i fought for a while and today i have given up .
i am torn between ending it or waiting a few hours to see them .
i know that pull ups work predominately the back but my last rep always feels like my arms are about to give out .
does this mean that my arms are my limiting factor ?
or just that they are connected to my back which is limiting ?
i guess i 'll start out by saying wavves is my favorite band king of the beach is my favorite wavves album followed by wavvves then afraid of heights .
i obviously love v '' but something about it doesnt have me 100 sold .
the majority of songs sound like the intro to a high school plotted movie .
i saw them live at st. vitus on 10/2 and of course they ripped as always but new stuff just had a different feel than even that of more recent afraid of heights stuff .
still love i though just wanted to hear everyone 's opinion .
she has always refused but today i found out it 's because she thinks that they are n't worth hardly anything they are only 4mg ! ''
now i know a 4 mg hydromorph is n't much to many of you guys but i 've never tried it before .
so i have to ask you guys what 's a 4mg dilly go for these days ?
i know a lot of it depends on location .
if it helps i am located in the midwest part of the u.s .
like the title said i 've been becoming lucid and gaining control but during my dream i feel limited .
i can relate it kind of to feeling pressed up against something or being in a box .
i feel like being pressed up against something is the best way i can describe it .
if it has n't happened to you but you have some ideas feel free to share
just got to atheon confused as to what to do need someone with some experience to help me kill him
it 's been a long road and there is work ahead .
a friend of mine and i both brewed sour beers about a year ago .
his was based off of a blackberry ale recipe mine was the second runnings of a maris smash recipe fortified with extra wheat and malt .
both had roselaere pitched mine additionally got dregs of a number of tasty sour beers .
after a few months both tasted great acceptably sour big roselare flavour his tasted of blackberries .
i had read that the whole process takes 18 months so we have been waiting but since the spring both beers have been dull tasting almost devoid of any sourness and missing the characteristic flavours they were showcasing so well before .
i added some maltodextrin 1/2 lb each a couple months ago to see if i could feed the bacteria but a tasting on the weekend confirmed the same insipid quality as before .
i have read about 'ropiness ' in u/oldsock 's book but the beer does n't seem to be any thicker than normal it just seems to be dull and insipid missing its earlier sourness .
is it reversible or has all the sourness fled for good ?
other specifics both are in glass carboys out of the sun on the floor in a utility room .
the room was outside temperature during the toronto summer pretty hot .
mine is on 1.5 oz of oak soaked in red wine and has been since it was pitched .
got an alpina horological smartwatch http i.imgur.com/5xj2vex.jpg and although the metal band is nice i want a leather option and i love the vintage 3-hole rally style bands .
b r bands comes up a lot in searches but i do n't know anything about them .
just curious what you guys like in terms of band manufactures .
i 'll begin this post by saying that i love rust it 's easily the best value for money game i 've ever bought .
i 've clocked up close to 500 hours ingame .
having played for a fair amount of time i wanted to bring up the issue of things constantly being nerfed .
i know things are still going through big changes .
i know that by this time next month things will be quite different but i still wanted to raise discussion about this .
it seems that the solution the devs have to issues is nerfing things .
i want to talk about all three of these things and why people were using them the way they did .
i 'll start off with ladders then i 'll talk about spears and bows .
i 've mostly played on the texas official server as well as rustralasia .
the first thing you learn about building a base on these servers is that if you mess up any part of the base such as a wall facing the wrong way you get raided .
ladders were a constant worry because it meant for relatively cheap you could scale someone 's wall and access the roof poorly placed walls .
this meant everyone that knew a bit about base building built skirts ladder protection .
people often whinged that this led to 'ugly ' bases .
if you want to build pretty bases go to a modded server that does n't have pvp .
real castles and such had features to prevent ladders so think of it that way .
i 've played solo for the majority of my time on rust .
ladders were great for me as a solo player it 's harder to cook up enough c4 or rockets to raid take over someone 's base .
having a ladder helped me immensely in that regard .
i rarely targeted well-designed bases why would i attack a small base that is built like a fortress surrounded by barricades and skirts when there 's a medium base further on that has no real protection ?
a lot of players do n't realise that building big does not necessarily mean building securely a 3x3x3 base built in the right way can be more secure than a 8x8x8 base built with obvious flaws .
i guess one of the issues is that getting the materials to protect your base is awfully grindy takes a long time to get all the extra wood stone frags etc .
i remember when stone nodes were nerfed too perhaps they could increase the amount of stone that is released ?
same with trees hitting trees can get awful boring really quick .
i 've seen some really good suggestions about ladders such as needing to be leaned on a wall rather than stuck on walls or limiting the number that can be carried .
these alternatives are much better than just switching them off entirely provided they have a tool cupboard .
in terms of spears and bows let 's take a look at why people use them
3 they have good range are used as projectiles .
to analyse their benefits i 'm going to divide players into 3 tiers .
these are generalisations of the types of players i 've encountered on busy servers and they 're not meant to be judgmental in any way
low-tier players usually players new to rust or just joined a new server .
do not have a base are in the process of building one .
most likely no access to a furnace let alone guns or other high powered weaponry .
has access to a number of furnaces and a steady supply of wood and other materials .
can make guns fairly easily but hesitant to take them out owing to the fact that hqm can be an issue to get .
high-tier players large armoured base multiple furnaces most likely has a few quarries so hqm is not an issue churns out guns and armour like no problem .
spears and bows are most useful to low-tier players but would also be used by mid-tier players in addition to crossbows .
guns in rust are fairly realistic you get shot you will bleed out fairly quickly unless you have a bandage and syringe .
in my opinion this is a good thing we do n't really want fps crap like taking multiple shots and still running around just fine .
the issue is that low-tier players are hopelessly outgunned pun intended .
depending on the server at best you could have a friendly atmosphere where nobody really hurts others unless provoked to servers where it 's constant kos .
busier servers official servers tend to be on the kos end of things .
this can lead to players feeling demoralised and quitting the game quitting servers particularly if they have no real way to be a threat back .
i know experienced players complain that i have so much armour/guns etc but some fresh spawn with a spear can still wreck me '' .
my response is that if you 're constantly getting rekt by fresh spawns with a spears bows perhaps you 're not as good at the game as you 'd like to think you are .
yeah we 've all been caught by surprise but if it 's always happening then you need to re-evaluate your playing style .
i remember when spears were nerfed one of the reasons for it was that nobody was using other melee weapons .
other melee weapons such as the sword or cleaver are expensive for low-tier players .
they also lack a deal of range imagine this scenario which i 've been in on both sides you 're running about as usual and a player with a crossbow gun starts firing at you .
my first reaction is n't to pull out my cleaver it 's to hide and possibly fire back with a bow or gun if i have one .
i 'm sorry but that 's the way it is .
we wo n't bother making fancy melee weapons because the majority of players that are legitimate threats will be using ranged weapons .
melee is good if you 're able to sneak up and hit them by surprise but by that same token would really only work on maybe 1-2 people a group of three and you 're dead by the time you down the second person unless they really have no clue about what they 're doing .
bringing bows and spears back to their full deadly potential means the playing field is a bit more leveled .
of course make them harder to aim spears were overpowered when they were so insanely accurate and such but by taking down the speed and damage it really hurts the low-tier players .
mid-tier players and high-tier players really ought to be able to handle them they have the resources to craft better weapons and armour to handle it .
i know i 'm going to cop a lot of flak for this post but i wanted to see if helpful discussion could be brought out of it to help improve this already awesome game .
enjoy your adult time it 's work i know but still counts as adult time !
if i had a skilled grandma on hand i would have done it too .
actually i left my second one for a day and a night with my mum when i was visiting her overseas once the little one was 3.5 mo .
i 'd turn that into a monthly stay with your mom so that you and your so can go on a date !
good on you man i got your back out there .
im as vocal as it gets to fishermen violating the rules .
have the mnr on speed dial and take a pic if you can .
they do n't they just recognize that mao and stalin did n't clap their hands and boom millions dead .
some might rationalize the deaths as necessary or something but i do n't know anyone who straight up denies them ever happening although the totals '' are in dispute .
yeah i get that blizzard removed upgrading an enhancing gear as a requirement but i find it so odd that they removed all of it .
like yeah reforging sucked but what was wrong with enchanting and and geming stuff ?
now we have this dumb system that nobody likes just so that we can appease a group of people that did n't like having to buy enchants and gems or their gear .
i ca n't make out the onion address what is it ?
i 'm not really into peer editing but maybe you are ... .. ?
you sound like a series of flashbacks near the end of a scifi movie .
did you fail math and have a hard time understanding numbers ?
i 'm fairly certain a chain link fence that can be cut through effortlessly by cheap cutters would also be cut through by 5.56x45mm rounds going very very fast .
she elongated the word making it seem a lot sillier .
i think you have me confused for someone else . ''
we 're pretty ... we 're pretty fucking great actually . ''
she grinned rather widely as if she had a secret that no one knew about .
she shrugged not really remembering the were the time had gone .
i 'm just waiting for her to be released ... and y'know stick around .
hell year month day makes the most sense to me .
make that blurry and plop a large blob in the center and you have bigfoot .
the first trial was overturned on direct appeal due to ineffective assistance of counsel .
therefore by its very nature that trial did not count .
there have been many people who have been exonerated even off of death row who were convicted by a jury more than one time and yet these people were not guilty .
it is not a stretch to have people receive trials and be found guilty and yet be innocent of the crime that they 've just been convicted of .
it comes down to how hard the lawyers have worked how much money they 've been given and how much time they 've had to prepare .
how i got out of dmg was to mainly watch people better than me as in not only watching big events but the real gotv povs of the pros as well as working on certain aspects of my game .
i 'm not really into all of these aim/reaction maps as they do n't give me a realistic example of a situation .
if you have certain areas in the game you feel like you excel at try work on those and stick to a role with premades preferrably .
what i found useful aswell is to practice every little detail as to not go over to much in one training session maybe devote certain days of training only to aim and another day only smokes/flashes/strats etc .
'in the 5 years before diagnosis 574 men had a history of testosterone use and 51,945 did not . '
on november 8 feith drafted a paper at rumsfeld 's request reviewing iraq strategy including what was essentially the chalabi/downing plan use of iraqi opposition groups to seek collaborators to rebel against the government build up enclaves in the north and south and support the iraqi national congress .
note 24 at a november 17 nsc meeting bush directed the defense department to be ready to deal with iraq if baghdad acted against u.s. interests with plans to include possibly occupying iraqi oil fields. note 25 on november 21 bush told rumsfeld to start updating contingency plans for war with iraq but keep it secret .
note 26 at around the same time the jcs briefed rumsfeld wolfowitz and others on the military 's current iraq contingency war plan which called for a deployment taking some seven months and around 500,000 troops .
rumsfeld rejected the force levels as too high and the timing for deployment as too long .
i can see in your face just how much you hate yourself .
jimmy graham makes my fupa moist looks like a black anakin skywalker .
i feel like we need a naming thread ... crowdsourcing this just feels right .
i can just imagine a mom in rollers and a robe with vicious bags under her put-upon eyes in the back yard screaming at her neighbors are you not entertained ? ?
user names on reddit will never cease to amaze me .
he 's so huggable one day he 'll die from hug suffocation .
it 's funny there are things i simultaneously lie and dislike about this poem .
overall i like it i like the way things are worded and the listlessness the imagery evokes .
i would like it more if it were connected to other parts of the poem even if the exact meaning is still unclear .
i thought at first that maybe it was connected to the knife in the third stanza but idk .
the last two lines seem out of place somehow .
i feel like this would n't be too far out of place as lyrics to a harvey danger song this is a good thing .
very unlikely i 'm positive he does n't upload them anywhere before xkcd.com .
and if there 's anyone i 'd expect to have proper internal network security it 's randall munroe .
i can send the code first what system do you have ?
i have android and there are currently 4 gems on the account .
you took the time to reply.. one more should n't be an issue ...
who verifies the information provided to the auditors is accurate ?
http support.amd.com/en-us/download that is a direct download to the amd catalyst website .
sorry i cant help you any further as i have an nvidia gpu .
that 's what the excessive number of bandages you get with a round of pandaria trainers is for .
if you keep it up for a week you will end up deleting a stack just to clear up the redundancy .
i wonder why she is n't getting paid in the first place .
i have a quark http imgur.com/a/i7wkz that is comprised of
not sure but perhaps you should message private quarters u/5partan5682 who 's in charge of the xbox docs .
got this gif from r/combinedgifs a while ago not my oc
for submissions final draft which is actually called samuel french format but not to be confused with the format of plays samuel french has published .
times roman or other proportional fonts really screw up the timing per page .
as for it being a rendering you got me partner '' ... well here 's the mesh .
the mesh does n't line up in certain places it 's from the lens distortion in post going to work on this a bit more clean up some of the dead giveaways .
honestly if i was n't a backer i would probably be laughing at all the people i though got suckered into sc .
honestly cig will never be able to prove to everyone that these allegations are completely false unless they win a libel case against the escapist which i doubt can be done .
in the court of public opinion though i do n't think the escapist can do any more damage without something new to add to the story otherwise its just the same story .
additionally if the repeatedly publish articles with the same allegations without new evidence then it might form enough of a pattern to show malicious intent which is the most difficult part of a libel case .
which is why i say this is a bluff and the escapist has no cards to play .
i went to pour it in 3 urinals because these urinals are so old that every month they get clogged .
i forgot to check the stalls and as i was checking my phone this guy ran out gagging and barely holding his pants .
the urinals were smokin ao bad he almost passed out ... .whoops ... .hes still alive probably
university of sydney hosts a day long hvz annually and it gets bigger every year .
there 's lots of plot points and missions and costumes and make up .
you have to buy a ticket and it ended up selling out in under a minute .
i was refreshing from like 5 minutes before they went on sale and never saw an available ticket .
that 's interesting cuz each time it had that cutscene i got a pretty shitty reforge 😓
to colonize venus you need to start with a cloud city .
to colonize mars you need a hut and a lot of canned food .
but on second thought i like that they 're giving fun optional content that does n't impact the game in any serious way and that the community can enjoy .
however i 've never seen it actually work that way .
everyone said 'oh the cash shop is just cosmetic stuff it wo n't affect the game ' and then we got an expansion where 95 of the mounts were the same re-skinned boars/clefthooves/elekk and the cash-shop saw at least one mount that was obviously designed perfectly as a rep-reward for one of the factions the laughing skull orcs ride around on reaver mounts and replaced it with another generic re-skinned wolf mount .
however it still greatly affected the quality of the content released because it makes them more money to put the best stuff in the shop .
cause you guys are really tearing it up at 1-2 ?
got mine used from gamestop recently after receiving 3 of the wrong model from amazon .
wanted a new vita that still had the oled screen and they kept sending me slims .
gamestop near me had 2 for 140 i think .
people are but we want our servers to be a fun place for all people no matter there race class gender or orientation .
people are free to hate in other servers if they want but that 's not something we want to condone at cmw .
we do n't have many rules and i think this is something reasonable personally .
no halloween has not started yet and will not start until late october 26th-29th .
however valve has already asked the community for contributions for this years halloween update .
you can just listen to liam neeson narrate the whole thing .
just starting salem 's lot after so many people suggested it !
i have like 5 snooze alarms before my actual time to get up '' alarm .
no one wants to get rid of sliders as sometimes you really do want to make a partial donation especially when it 's dil but for the remaining 99 of the time when you 're just automatically filling everything to max a button that does so would be great .
you can pm your personal info to others but you can not post it on here .
i dunno man i 've taken a few shots to the nuts and while some have put me on the ground some just piss me off and only seem to take effect a few minutes later .
same with hitting women in the crotch some just laugh it off others go down crying .
a straight kick to the knee or hip socket seems to be a bit more reliable because it mechanically forces the person back or knocks out their balance .
that 's why i 'm here trying to gain information .
dylann roof was arrested within the year he bought his guns for trespassing and drug possession .
i do n't think the background checks today are anything more than a formality .
is hosting a disc golf day on oct 10th to kickstart their new course that 's being put in .
they 'll have instructors there and it 's free .
i am glad that both of you decided to not be as close as friends as before .
hope you have fun in the field as a single guy again .
pretty sure money is n't his problem nor reason for not wanting to go .
i am most interested in the intellectual property part .
and is this basically a pacific rim version of nafta and wto ?
i 've heard of sheep matching but camel matching ?
maybe cary is doing good because the routes calvin is sent on are shit
she acts like she does n't get asked out by every person that recognizes her .
also as a new yorker that has never been to california my guess is that the americans she met were all californians .
even after looking up turner 's i do n't see it .
you may be able to get a better price if you go through the spca they really like to promote neutering and spaying .
i think fear and loathing is his finest work and one of the best comedies of the last 25 years .
i want these secret pony terrorist cells out of the usa !
you 've see how it 's gone for canada !
actually the green ribbon '' was from in a dark dark room '' which also featured the teeth http www.scaryforkids.com/pics/teeth.jpg
after bursting on the musical scene with her breakthrough single ride or die featuring 'king of the dancehall ' beenie man starface one of dancehall 's newest sensations has followed up with another street banger hold my man .
the reason i recorded this single is because there are women who strive on other women 's partners and feel like because of the time they spend with your partner you would give up '' starface explains .
the song is produced by canadian-based record label konsequence musik and marks the second single she has released with the label following the exploits of ride or die for which she received spectacular responses from djs worldwide and a great feedback from the streets .
mi have weh fi hold my man di best ... in the whole island bum pon it whole night long '' starface deejays on the raunchy but catchy new track .
the song was released on itunes on the 27th of august .
starface and her team have decided to shoot a video for the single and build a campaign around it .
i know many muslims find it hard to get married in this day and age .
however it 's important extremely important that we do n't change our religion or our values just because they 're hard .
whether it 's saying that we should loosen our restrictions in terms of gender interactions before marriage or change what is considered a valid nikah in islam we can end up destroying what is more important in pursuit of something that is less important .
there is absolute unanimous consensus called ijma' that a muslim woman can not marry a non-muslim man .
it does not matter what religion he belongs to it is absolutely forbidden .
ijma ' carries the heaviest weight in islamic law .
it means all the scholars after having read the qur'an and sunnah have all decided that this is what islam says .
when that happens you can rest assured that the qur'an and sunnah are crystal clear on the issue .
so no there 's no room for discussion on this issue .
and honestly it 's actually worse from an islamic point of view to say i wo n't marry a non-muslim man even though i do n't accept that it is haram '' than to say i will marry a non-muslim man even though i accept that it is haram . ''
in the former a person is on extremely dangerous ground because they are rejecting the clear text of the qur'an and sunnah whereas in the latter a person is committing a major sin .
it is also not intellectually honest to say that this is the majority '' view .
i saw in your post history that you quote khaled abou fadl .
he is a self-proclaimed progressive and in any case one modern person 's opinion can not overturn ijma ' once it has been established .
as i said i know many muslims find it hard to get married in today 's world .
i really hope you find a muslim husband who you 'll be happy with .
but in the meantime i think it would be good to build up islamic knowledge from the foundation upwards so issues like this do n't confuse you .
i do n't play zelda and i hear many people say that twilight princess is pretty meh ?
certainly arin is not the kind of person who would enjoy such a game but he did n't go and shit on it this time .
he seemed to be merely relating the public opinion on this one .
i think he 's better than some seem to think but the blame for our horrible play has to go somewhere .
our o-line played pretty terribly apart from our first two playoff games that i can remember .
with all this luck injury stuff our o-line definitely needs to be addressed .
at least the philly fans on this sub i should say
my guess is that there is a snowball effect .
two similar questions are posted in close proximity to each other one gets a couple of replies and upvotes then folks browsing askreddit that are interested in the topic gravitate toward the one that seems to be getting the most activity .
as long as it is not oil based chalk you will be good can find it in any craft store .
and yes hairspray is needed to seal it in or otherwise it will dust off throughout the day .
some manufacturers especially some chinese manufacturers edit the android version such that it shows a different android version than what is running right now e.g .
the easter egg is a near foolproof method of checking the actual android version .
and he could say fuck you san deigo '' with little consequence .
i thinks its pretty clear through these worlds how important pick and bans are .
koo against fw was clear indicator of that no matter how hard kuro won lane against maple gp just did too much for koo to handle .
well humans are apes colloquially called monkeys so yeah still true .
i could be recalling incorrectly but have n't a few white kids been stopped trying to leave ?
could have sworn there was a report on that on here earlier this year .
do n't let things in the past bother you you ca n't go back and change them anyhow ''
then you would have to abolish most governments in the world starting with the us .
judging by the way they push for solar panels in the past it will happen .
i just joined reddit and ca n't remember how i found this one .
basically makes it as old as the internet for all given purposes
soap was the new kid on the block and it 's 3 years older than yaml .
also if your yaml parser does n't support all the options that the server 's yaml parser supports you could be in for just as much trouble using resty yaml as using soap .
do n't know of anything that xml offers that is n't also offered by yaml
yaml a recursive acronym for yaml ai n't markup language '' .
if you remove everything between and in xml you get readable prose .
xml should never have been used for transfer of machine-readable data as that was not what it was designed for .
it was designed for things like textbooks or web pages .
it 's no more an appropriate format for data transfer than latex is .
just like yaml is n't designed for text transfer and would n't support something like mathml .
something similar happened here ... and one girl claimed to be her best friend '' but posts the only picture of them every now and then
you scored 43 of 101 points on the weeaboo quiz .
your quiz results you 're very likely a japanophile but you 're not as annoying as a full-blown weeaboo .
it can happen if you full combo dead ahead normal or hard and take over hard
they show every day they 're open on their website so no ?
the most widely accepted model posits that the incidence of cancers due to ionizing radiation increases linearly with effective radiation dose at a rate of 5.5 per sievert .
so from that it 's rather simple to get to a dose of 2 sievert 's resulting in 10 rate of cancer and even higher for a mortality rate of 10 .
but we 're still only exposing people to a fraction of what is needed in grays for radiation sickness .
albert stevens for example survived 64 sv without experiencing radiation sickness .
you may need to scroll down as it 's not the big video which is on top for some reason ...
the real question does fantasy sports require more skill than poker does .
because if poker got shutdown and requires more skill than fantasy sports then logic would say that fantasy sports would get shut down .
sorry i 'm rushing around all day and on my phone
you know i never noticed that until i posted those 3d renders and other people started making those comments .
in fact i did n't even choose the colors .
i posted an interest check for a 60 alps keycap set and all i had was a hideous mockup with purple and orange keys it was really late when i made it .
other people in the thread made some really good suggestions for colors addons and even the name .
the only unique thing i can personally take credit for is chasing down the oddball alps spacebars which nobody in the community knew existed until i got in touch with signature plastics and had them do some investigating .
that looks like liam neeson using a cell phone .
besides everyone knows moose hunters do n't carry cell phones ...
i think about everything i know about it and then i weigh the options and go with the best for me .
nearly every option has a better choice or a worse choice .
but if i am in a position to do so and one option is just a tiny bit worse but sounds like more fun i 'll gamble and do the fun one .
so in your case it would n't be an option i 'd even consider .
i live in l.a. and order my tacos in español .
upon my return i caught myself ordering tacos in japanese .
seems like the rams version of that is finally working .
the trade was made in order for us to get to the postseason and hopefully win a world series title .
if we get to that point then the trade was a success for us .
if we do n't and heyward walks i still do n't blame mo for doing that trade .
hindsight is 20/20 but i think heyward has been a bigger asset for our team compared to if we kept miller .
also i read rumors where miller did n't really get a long with matheny/molina so there 's that .
if you like i can keep you posted on how those turn out once the tests are done .
a press shouldnt be very expensive to make unless you are going pneumatic or hydraulic but at 3x3 3 tons psi nets you 666 pounds across the surface which should be a good pressure depending on your heat and time and material of choice .
the mother of our mayor here in my province is named o her middle initial is i and her surname is sy so yeah .
god would rather create good out of evil than not permit evil to exist .
cool but i dont think you should be able to summon a boss lol .
i do n't think worst offense in the league does enough justice to just how terrible this offense is .
if you 've never read susanna clarke 's jonathan strange and mr. norrell i really really recommend it .
ha now that i look at it you 're right .
the school i was at just was n't working out .
i tried living with some friends off-campus but that turned out bad when they turned out not to be my friends ' and became very hostile .
i was going to withdraw then because my hometown is three hours away so commuting was n't possible but they convinced me to try moving into the dorms because it was better than owing money for nothing '' .
except that 's exactly what i ended up doing because the dorms were atrocious even for college standards .
i could never get to sleep before 2am when i was lucky .
there were loud students that would stay out in the common room well past quiet hours playing rap music and even when they were n't there my neighbors had a habit of watching family guy on max volume until 5am whooping and hollering at every lame joke .
the ra 's resident director and even the dean were no help aside offering me a new room that was far more expensive than the one i had .
the lack of sleep took its toll on me and i just decided i could do better and even if i stayed my academics suffered too much .
i figured i was making a tactical retreat '' .
i 'm not sure that i 've noticed him before..
tahm is not anymore conventional than morg or karma at this point .
i agree that guns have greater potential for lethal violence .
that boy was not an angel this was no horrible accident and despite his age his actions were not normal of a child .
he was old enough to distinguish right from wrong .
it was clear he had issues according to the father he had been previously bullying the same girl .
its evidence of negligence on the parents part for their failure to follow gun safety procedures .
and finally adding a disturbed and emotionally unstable boy into the mix .
i was raised around weapons and had access to them at a young age and despite all my tantrums and arguments i 've gotten into with friends i never felt the need to blow their brains out .
okay so the audio problem went away for like a day after i did the sfc scannow thing so i thought woo problem solved ! ''
i also took a look at the registry thing from the windows 7 problem you linked but it does n't appear to match my problem as i am not missing the components it said i will be missing .
pretty sure op is looking to get laid not to communicate .
communication is not an end in and of itself .
this post was removed because it is not from the approved domains r/nsfw_gif/wiki/hosts or it is not a direct image link .
please read the link on proper way to post .
please note that albums are not allowed to be posted by new accounts .
also note that new users using imgur need to link directly to the image i.imgur.com/abcdefg.gifv not the html page imgur.com/abcdefg .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nsfw_gif if you have any questions or concerns .
it 's good to see you 've finally seen what this charity does .
it has been answered here but i thought i add something you can use idle master if you do n't already have it to get any cards left and become eligible for those games
yeah i do n't really think that data has much relevance to this conversation to be honest .
i 've known older people to be more religious my entire life and always kind of figured my generation would probably be that way when we get older as well .
the data we need would be what was provided on the link but recorded periodically for comparison .
we 're already at the pet limit for our apartment or i 'd be interested !
if you need more coverage dane county humane society offers https www.giveshelter.org/rehome-a-pet.html a place to list her for adoption .
if you 're unable to find a home you can call and ask for support .
they are very friendly and understanding and will help you with any additional resources .
we were on a date bumped into friends of hers and she did n't introduce me .
she seldom used facebook so i was like whatever no big deal .
long story short the other longer term boyfriend messages me and tells me what she is doing to us .
she now has neither of us in her life .
it 's rough on deer not sure about elk .
thank goodness we do n't have it where i 'm at yet but i 've read that it 's terrible .
a b gives you the remainder when you divide a by b .
whenever x gets to 10 you have 10 10 which gives you a remainder of 0 .
11 gives you 1 12 gives you 2 and so on .
the above code sets x so that it is that remainder .
i play fire emblem and smash that 's really it .
acadia is a really good book and i had to put it down for awhile but i really liked what i read .
i 'll probably have to start over cause of all the details but good work dude .
just like we do n't say blacks are criminals only the ones in detroit or chicago or the south are .
it must be wonderful being so dogmatic about your own enlightenment .
tell your family ... gain their support and leave .
if we are n't strictly speaking of school buses here every tour bus i 've ridden on has had seatbelts .
i live in indonesia so you know time zone and stuff haha
i use that one as my background on tab for a cause but thanks though .
by happy coincidence these horrible things that these twisted bigots really really want to do are exactly the same things that god wants them to do .
is n't it amazing how god always just happens to have precisely the same values as his worshipers .
can someone please somehow make this able to fit as an iphone 6 wallpaper idk how but if you could that 'd be awesome
but if you press 'p ' and then check continent and platoon there might be a few that come up that have spots .
a better one is a coffee filter on a vacuum
i have problems with all the romantic relationships honestly .
itt covers that most people probably associate with the cover singer and not the original singer .
i 'd have been ok with pick one '' but all 3 no thanks .
president assad of syria and his wife flee after being offered an exile deal by russia .
damascus falls to a handful of rival factions and immediately gets leveled in the ensuing battle for power .
why do n't you keep your surname as a middle name ?
how come you can never tell how old these dames from yester hollywood were ?
i think the girl ended up committing suicide not long after .
because of the bullying she received after the news broke not because of the sex itself
her mother has said that the hell '' her daughter endured after reporting the rape – the bullying from classmates the ardurous legal process – was unbearable .
i really fucking hated how the media left out key details like the bullying and that it was statutory rape in order to create as much anger and outrage as possible .
well that 2nd video it 's funny it cuts out right there because afterwards joe says something like 'and i know this is a controversial thought but i think it could work ' .
and i do n't even know what point you 're trying to make with that 1st video .
maybe you just need some fresh air or something the way you 're living your life is n't healthy
i do n't think you know what a strawman argument is .
if i recall that was how pete carroll handled it .
golden tate was definitely the player with the most controversial response .
daily weekly etc.. if its not listed when reading probably its not done .
if this is in order how the heck did griffin last that long ?
best thing to do is to use your spear use side airs and down airs and neutral lights .
if you feel they 're dodging past use a neutral air to get them away .
do n't be afraid to use a down light side air combo if they get close it 's a lot faster and safer than side light .
on sword just spam you side airs side lights and down/neutral airs where appropriate .
it 's rarely a good idea to go for a downlight into combo against katars because of their short recovery times .
katars have few true combos but can string together move from white to death if you waste your dodge .
every time you 're hit try to dodge away .
can you not see that i said some news channels are doing that not all .
you literally pulled this out of nowhere after you read this headline .
dear fucking god that must have been one hard night for him to go to sleep .
pretty sure fentanyl is way less euphoric than heroin as well as way more likely to cause an overdose .
i 'm guessing you have n't been a rm fan for long ...
i do n't know this woman so if in other posts she is actually role playing i am unaware of that and just basing it off this one photo .
it 's fast and the fingerprint scanner is lightning fast .
i honestly do n't use 3d touch very often ... if i do use it it 's for the mousepad type function moving the cursor when typing/editing text messages .
that v neck is the only cool '' thing your mother has ever gotten you for your birthday .
it is for the domestic audience who would cheer if anything resembling an islamist held town was being bombed .
russians have been subject to salafist terror attacks for decades .
most people no matter what they say or do are insecure deep down because that 's just human nature .
why does an incredibly hot girl with an awesome life need to post everything to instagram ?
because she needs to even further fix her insecurities by getting likes on social media .
nobody is satisfied with who they are and everyone wants to believe that they are the only ones who are broken and everyone else is perfect .
your probably not as fucked up as you think you are .
go out tomorow take a deep breathe of fresh air and love yourself .
harper and flanagan wrote a paper advocating pr in the 90s .
there is some objective part to them and if an objective portion changes then that should be a changed call .
especially for objective penalty calls those should easily be able to be challenged .
i feel you need a hufflepuff mod now so you have all four heads of house represented d
i wonder how much money i can make smuggling pepper spray into canada
probably because you 've racked up a house worth of debt you have n't paid yet ?
they 'd better have an option for servers to disable it or else everyone read a vocal minority that plays the game will be very upset !
allergies are like that one parent that catches you smoking pot and totally over reacts because they think the next stop is meth .
do not make personal attacks on others including using offensive and/or harassing language in addressing others .
i mean are so many men so fucked up that they look at each other and say 'bro do you wan na rape her together ?
exactly what kind of upbringing and socio cultural factors are responsible for this kind of an inclination a question we all need to ask ourselves .
no just a person with basic critical thinking skills .
nigga '' has no racist connotation it 's a term used in playful banter like dude '' or bro ''
but even if it did it would n't be relevant saying something does n't make it real .
if i pretend to be an anteater for the sake of humor it does n't make me an anteater .
on a side note you 're being racist yourself by giving people special treatment on the grounds that they have a different skin color .
the premise of why racism is bad is prejudice .
if he was n't a nfl athlete he would be in jail right now and that hypocrisy really upsets me .
if you reach for a gun or anything when a cop is telling you stop you 're as good as dead in my community but this fuck gets away with all sorts of shit .
it has to do with the purposes of those things .
the purpose of alcohol is not to kill others .
please answer my previous question regarding who should and should not be allowed this fundamental right '' .
but do yo agree that everything is made by other people is this life i mean yea i am creative but i have to have to have the equipment first ?
i ca n't believe we 're at a point where someone would n't have seen this before .
still going on with your comments that make no sense .
damn i did n't know that pillow existed ... it 's the best of two worlds ...
omg.. that took me from happy to sad real quick .
a lot of people do n't understand depression and when they hear that word they immediately think oh you 're just sad '' so they ask why you 're sad .
hey man i 'm putting together a mixtape and i think beat 2 would be great on it !
take a look at my soundcloud and let me know what you think .
what a bunch of bs haha i was hoping for them to be 2-2 !
sounds like you still have a hell of a lot of preconceptions regarding such entities .
this of course will dye the contact even if the entity feels like reaching out to you .
if the reception is bad you wo n't get anything much out of it .
conflicted on whether to look that up and read it or completely ignore that guy 's existence as he deserves .
leaning towards fuck what he deserves understanding of issues like this is more important . ''
did n't even realize the star feature was removed .
i think the ecological concept called the competetive exclusion principle '' also applies to human social structures .
all of which can be divided into smaller niches .
i feel if we can take a president to court over whether or not he received oral sex we could hold a politician accountable to the people who voted him in .
to echo on u/reseph we have control of this subreddit now .
it 's just not at the top of our list of things we 're working on getting off the ground at the moment .
can we get some more lions fans reaction gifs ?
this one http i.imgur.com/tjabjjl.gif is leading the pack for me but this one http i.imgur.com/tlfwrz9.gifv is definitely up there .
double edit this one http www.reactiongifs.com/r/lel1.gif might actually be the perfect reaction to finding out about that rule .
i live in au but i had the same problem my only advice is start wondering around neighborhoods you think you would find weed and weed will come that sounds weird but one time i had crackhead offer me a gram in a tobacconist .
idk dude im sorry about your predicament have you tried going to partys and asking ?
i 've been using snaptube for a couple weeks .
can download video or just audio from youtube and several others .
about 1/3 of the time the download fails but retrying it always works .
no copying and pasting either it has its own browser .
not sure if soundcloud is supported ... lem me see ... no it is n't listed .
i have chromesthesia too but it 's in my mind .
but i heard that there a synnies out there with multiple forms of synesthesia .
but i tend to find sunset orange and bronze beautiful and sky blues !
i agree with u/maryfamilyresearch that contacting the archive is the way to go .
many records are available online but few from the 20th century .
it has indexes of many church books from the area .
also note the browse images '' link at the bottom .
several lublin churches are in there but 1913 is not in the range for st. pawel/pawla
jinwoo is so beautiful i did n't realize i had the video muted .
i am at a crossroads i 'm only 23 so i can afford to drive one and i feel like if i do n't get a true sports car now i will probably not get one in the near future .
it 's ultimately a parent/child relationship but we 're closer i think because of the age .
i 've spent three years living in iraq when i still identified as christian .
most muslims there do not want to impose sharia anymore than christians want to impose stoning homosexuals or stoning people that work on the sabbath in the us .
there 's also a reason that millions of muslim refugees are fleeing the places where sharia is being implemented .
i suggest you take the time to actually interact and get to know a few muslims before making such sweeping judgements .
i do n't know why i 'm discussing this with you though .
if you believe it 's justified to make people feel threatened and unwelcome in the us for the actions of oppressive governments and terrorists there 's nothing i can say that will convince you otherwise .
still i think a runs drop tweak would benefits veterans who have a 100 energy cap and the will to farm extensively more than it would benefit the new comers .
i 'm also thinking they could take the gear stuff away from story mode .
this thing is already needlessly complex if you tie this to biometrics and norn stones it will be an even bigger nonsense .
this stuff is bound to get its big rework anyway along with 2 extra stage 9 and 10 since it 's a side show of the normal/elite tandem .
surely one thing we need to consider is how these will work .
at the moment we can only reassign one emote left on the d pad .
will this mean we can only have one bonus paid for emote ?
will there be an emote for pops a heavy ammo synth '' ?
they said something about international students coming in large groups and not drinking alcohol
you cite your support for hoyer as a positive but it was really under the guise of putting johnny down .
it was like a hey guys look i was right we do n't need that guy we have hoyer ! ''
i do n't even know or care what karma is .
i 'm just discussing my views on the subject .
the reason they do not have a forum is because they know they are doing a lot of pay to play with this game and half the forum would be full of people complaining about it .
combine that with various other complainers i.e you nerfed oxolonia ... the chest drops suck ... you have to spend money to have any hope of winning ... this latest event sucks ... why did you do this and that etc .
they know a forum would expose all the negative aspects about the game just as they are exposed in this forum .
it 's funny that since there is no forum everyone complains on their fb page which is supposed to be a positive marketing tool .
alright here we go with a giant image face spam .
a lot of the comment faces do n't even come close to ringing a bell for me .
edit 2 im a fucking retard and forgot a lot of different series uses similar names for characters and answered one without looking .
it 's amazing to think that when these pictures were taken they never knew that thousands of strangers would have the opportunity to share a moment of their history together on the internet .
usa and the nato definitely fight isis or supports the kurds who fight isis .
it 's a always looming sense of dread that 's always hanging over the cast of extremely fucked up and damaged people .
message/compose ? to=/r/askwomen subject=why+was+this+removed ? message my+comment https www.reddit.com/r/askwomen/comments/3nnf9f/the_umpqua_community_college_shooter_described/cvpvh9k was+removed+and+i+do+not+understand+the+reason+given+by+the+mod+who+removed it .
power strip velcro 'd to the bottom of the board with two one spots .
probably wo n't upgrade for a long time because i have n't had any noise issues .
i 'm waiting for my girlfriend to hit 290 so we can do the raid blind together .
she 's skeptical of playing with people she does n't know yet and i 've already waited this long to be able to play the raid for the first time with her .
she just hit 289 tonight so it should n't be very long .
we can go ahead and start playing together so we are n't total strangers you know ?
let 's figure out how to do the raid together ! !
swappable battery 4k screen ir blaster essentially everything the note series has but no pen .
worth loosing the pen for keeping g all the features that made me go to android in the first place .
every trper will always go on about how they use to be miserable and a total loser but trp changed their life .
not one trp i have ever seen has said i use to be pretty happy i got some dates i was content .
on the surface the dating advise is n't all bad get fit fake confidence ask out a lot of girls .
it is no surprise that the guys find some success via trp .
what they do n't realise is that they do n't need the misogynistic baggage to have the same level of success .
or maybe they need to look down on women to have the confidence to ask them out ?
adopting a cat perpetuates the practice of keeping cats as pets .
if no one was adopting them there would be no cat adoption groups right ?
first we get people to stop breeding and buying kittens from pet stores and get them adopting instead then we will not have anymore cats to adopt out but you do not stop adopting animals and giving them a decent life just because pet ownership is a shitty thing .
animal guardianship is still something that is needed until breeding animals that way becomes outlawed .
is it not better than an animal ends up with an ethical vegan who will get them spayed and neutered and keep them indoors and will look for the best option in terms of food rather than having the animal go to someone who has zero clues and not only harms the animal lets it roam to harm even more animals and feeds the animal shitty food that contains other animals ?
do you also think that people who require medication that has been tested on animals or contain animal derived parts to survive should stop their medication and take an overdose instead ?
if not why is a cats life worth less than a humans life ?
guys once again the escapist is not backing down .
that means they think they 're in the clear legally speaking which means the sources at least as far as the courts are concerned are good enough to have been published unless the escapist 's lawyers made an epic blunder .
in fact every indication is that cig is the one to have blundered while they may have sounded nice to outraged fans chris roberts ' and ortwin 's letters alone make the odds of a viable lawsuit getting off the ground minimal due to the potential for cross exmaination and even then unless cig has evidence that neither we nor the escapist are aware of they do n't have a viable lawsuit in the united states which is the only place the escapist 's parent company has asset .
honestly if cig does n't release fps and multicrew during or immediately after citicon barring the afforementioned scenario of cig having held back evidence it might be too late to salvage their reputation .
in the post where the escapist maintained their position they said they would be happy to accept cig 's earlier offer to tour their studios if they 're still on the table i suggest they take them up on that that 's pretty much their last chance to save face here .
then the teams above should work if not just level them up to about 70
team 1 is also the team i used to beat it
i 've seen it done through a glitch . ''
i can look around for how to actually do it .
i believe you need to have non-dokkan awakened gohan in a deck with int ssj gohan .
from there you would dokkan awaken to ssj phy gohan and i think they can only be together in that deck until you remove one of them .
i know they wo n't link together but they can both link with the goku .
i 'll let you know if i find the way for sure but i think that is it .
i 'm going through a different life struggle right now but your post gave me courage to face it with a whole new perspective .
thank you and may your days be many your laughter more and your woes few .
if karyn bryant does 2 minute long live reads during ufc tonight for this scam site it 's pretty relevant .
on monday the two major fantasy companies were forced to release statements defending their businesses ' integrity after what amounted to allegations of insider trading that employees were placing bets using information not generally available to the public .
the statements were released after an employee at draftkings one of the two major companies admitted last week to inadvertently releasing data before the start of the third week of n.f.l .
the employee a midlevel content manager won 350,000 at a rival site fanduel that same week .
it is absolutely akin to insider trading said daniel wallach a sports and gambling lawyer at becker poliakoff in fort lauderdale fla. it gives that person a distinct edge in a contest.
going through some of my five star books i do n't see talked about here that often
ian tregillis something more than night and the mechanical angelic film noir and steampunk robot rebellion respectively .
starts an excellent depressing trilogy about a guy starting a war with his home city in order to return there .
necromancy and magic and law and finance in high-fantasy world .
twisted variant on urban fantasy with schlubby vampire hero .
demonic gunslingers vs. god-like trains in the wild west .
ellen kushner swordspoint and the privilege of the sword .
soldier transported to fantasy-land grand-daddy of tons of fantasy tropes .
tarot card poker for souls plus the fisher king .
also declare cold war spy agencies battling over djinn powers .
the real story of nixon 's political career starting with his introduction to the occult cold war and sorcerer-president eisenhower .
by no means exhaustive nor are these particularly unknown authors just great books outside the sanderson/jordan/rothfuss/martin/abercrombie/erikson standard picks here .
well considering they were women no he would n't give them the tip .
very nice job they look like cute little pokemon trainers !
as you can see here http i.imgur.com/pgujsxb.png the scout has black outlines where his arms meet his sleeves/shirt but on the medic http i.imgur.com/ohkynmj.png there are no blacklines for the metal plate on the chest at least not on the right arm !
furthermore the helmet and boots lack black outlines as well it makes it look a bit unfinished !
in old nes games the outlines were there so sprite artists did n't need to use bright colors on dark backgrounds or vice-versa all the time and instead could use black lines to tell where the player starts and the background ends .
this is here not the case either remove the black lines or put them everywhere especially where the sprite ends !
i 'd remove them personally as it looks fantastic without them as you can see on the medic 's boots
when using black outlines boy i 've written that word like 20 times already d the fewer details the better !
take the soldier http i.imgur.com/uiogml2.png for example i have no idea what 's going on on his left arm i know that 's his shoulder plate but it looks like a facehugger !
same with his collar it 's hard to tell where what is .
this can be solved with the outlines and putting lines but when you do that you should only use 1-2 colors for each part of the sprite only 2 red tones for the entire coat that means normal color and shadow only 1-2 colors for the pants 1-2 colors for the boots etc ... just looks less busy !
like i said i 'd leave the black outlines out but if you have them in treat the sprite as a cartoon character those only use a few colors http img2.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20141025055451/epic-rap-battles-of-cartoons/images/2/22/steven_universe.png as it 's cheaper and faster to animate and also nicer to look at !
look at steven he even has only 1 color for each piece of clothing !
personally i 'd avoid using straight lines that 's just a preference but it does make the characters look more like robots when their arms and legs are all stiff and straight and if they hold their guns extremely well balanced d
all in all looks great reminds me of metal slug http piq.codeus.net/static/media/userpics/piq_146945_400x400.png !
i 've noticed that metal slug also does n't use black outlines everywhere instead they use dark brown outlines where the hair or arms are .
you can do that too if you use many details otherwise i 'd suggest keeping it simple like a cartoon and only use black outlines !
top ten local beers ... from a selection of 15 .
i 'm kidding but i just do n't get mana wheat .
they have so many other far superior beers but to each his own !
every time i write some longer message there is ą '' somewhere and suddenly 2 lines of text dissapear .
beeing assigned to channel kraknw '' is annoying as well
the colour on this one is so much more vivid .
i might like to use it in the future to replace our existing banner in which case i 'd also replace the r/heroes text link with an image probably the reborn logo .
not sure if you edited this in any way but would you be cool with letting us use it ?
if you have one with truesights is i highly recommend you to try it out
the equipment is easy to get candle paper etc and the ritual itself is n't complicated .
this is the most impressive use of a puddle ever .
i 'm sure you 'll have tons of fun and be breezing through gold in no time
constantly gelling when there 's a teammate right nearby that could have revived you
doubling up on activating the device objectives you can just run away it does n't go faster with two
other things that are n't necessarily confined to newbies but are more common
reviving people into sync kills or creating revival daisy chains
you ca n't attune to a non-master rune ie the runes you draw to get the spell effects .
the 3 you attune through runic scribe are master runes too they just are n't being physically carried with you like the first one is or you make a new physical vessel for the runic concept you 've attuned to as part of the process .
the only non-master runes at the moment are the temporary ones you trace to activate various rune powers as an action those do n't do anything after you finish with them though if they are left behind someone else might at least identify them for what they were .
i thought stephen doing his own intro was pretty cool .
do any other talk show hosts do their own intros ?
made me think of the report and that made me very happy .
speaking of which i 'm glad some report stuff has come over to the late show like the high-five from under the desk .
well because of connection error i tried ozt some stuff .
first thing is you have a hidden stamina bar and ca n't run the whole time .
what for instance is to stop a freshly minted lawyer from setting up a specialist dmca counterclaim practice offering no win-no fee then claiming 5000/hour as their billable rate ?
i imagine that if there were a simple free to the user way of hitting back at dmca abusers it would soon reduce the number of false claims but there must be a law that limits attorneys ' fees to prevent such ridiculous rates and possibly make the whole idea unworkable .
i got green apple and it tastes like liquified gummy worms .
we never see him use that tube as a battery .
if the gun were so easy to recharge why would n't he carry extra tubes ?
uk huge theatre packed solid even the seats at the front .
another good sign was that the huge group of uni students sat in front of us stfu and watched the movie which is a first .
they say when being attacked by a wild animal whether a bear or shark always go for the eyes and i 'm sure if you stuck your fingers in there far enough you probably could kill it .
your post was automatically removed due to the use of inappropriate language .
please message the mods if you have any questions .
you can also message the mods to approve your post after you edit out the vulgar language .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/actrade if you have any questions or concerns .
you 're right but in lethal injections they use potassium chloride which is chemically pretty close to table salt to stop the heart
read this comment for top 10 reasons why op is a faggot !
i think if any p5 school goes undefeated the whole season they are in the playoffs no question i mean its happened what once in past 2 years ?
i got a billy reid 100 virgin wool sweater for 40 on grailed which should be coming tomorrow and my japan blues are in customs in san francisco right now .
i 've got that going for me at least .
unfortunately i 'm having a lot of trouble upping my pants game .
i got lucky with the japan blues but now i 've got a pair of jeans i need other pants .
i tried gustin slim fit but it does n't fit me and i 'm out 30 because the pair i got on grailed smells like the pits of hell in nasty cologne form and it does n't fit right .
i 'm getting unreasonably salty about my pants situation right now .
this is probably something no one else in the world cares about or notices about me but it 's still getting to me .
carharrt sid pants fit me well but they 're made in a third world country and i refuse to buy them .
i 'm starting to think about going the luxire route .
edit holy shit i just looked at luxire and their pricing is downright reasonable .
i 'm seriously considering just putting in an order very soon if i knew better how it would turn out .
and the main theme song is pretty awesome too !
i also wonder regularly why people reply with i do n't know why you 're being downvoted '' to top comments .
i 've also made it my habit to only ever downvote comments that discuss vote patterns there are hardly ever comments that qualify more as does n't contribute to the discussion '' and in accordance with that downvoted both you guys and myself .
after yesterday 's strange day at work where we were told to look for other employment options due to funding i 've been lost in thought as to what i do next .
if anyone needs a change management pm with a strong tech/digital background then do holla .
or if you come across a job that is new and challenging then also please dm me
on a nice journey into central and london is looking mighty fine .
can you explain why i should watch gravity falls ?
i honestly barely got through the first 2 episodes and stopped there .
ca n't they just make it like the predictions ?
where you press the shit you want and can just x '' it out when you 're done .
i live in a town of 10,000 people in the middle of nowhere in northern canada .
ingress has like 10 portals here and in the next town over gps correct on landmarks in my town .
the airport water tower hotel and some historical info points .
i have no idea if the spawns will be zones randomized/static or what the interaction field will be .
if they 'll be catchable a certain number of times before disappearing active for a limited time only or first come first serve .
all i can say is their maps are impressive and i 'm very excited despite living in the middle of nowhere .
naw man you got ta use the term joshuarynegoldberg .
in scotland the charge applies to paper bags as well .
mine had some of these in my library too little desks/nooks with phone chargers and plugs .
it was on the 2nd story of the library too so it was always quiet !
nice read for me as a whm in dungeons if the tank im with is taking so much damage/have so little hp wearing str that i ca n't really dps much cause i have to focus heal him most of the time then that tank is doing it wrong .
i been with tanks wearing half greens going with full str and doing big pulls ... which means no dps from me as a healer ...
they 're making lots of transformers movies and michael bay is constantly employed nickelback sells out stadiums young girls find justin bieber attractive .
i could go on but the point is it does n't say anything .
if gintama fans decided to have a reasonable discussion maybe i 'd have given it another chance i was almost ready to do so but now i could give a shit .
i do n't need to give another chance to an anime with such a toxic close minded fanbase .
or the strategic vote is shifting to the liberals and a lot of liberal/ndp policies overlap anyways .
also reed never loses her head a cortex chip is jammed into it and everything inside the suit including her head and body is submersed in structural gel until body and suit is merged into one thing .
displayport functionality can be used alongside usb 2.0 in a usb-c connector it has no reliance on usb 3.1 the nexus 6p just does n't support it .
well that 's a bit of an exaggeration ... for one half of their games would be home games .
for two the arizona schools for part of the season plus utah and colorado are only an hour behind us .
for three there is n't any reason to assume that they would always play the late game .
we might get one or two games a year that would be a very late start which would suck but is n't as bad as you make it seem .
but honestly ... hostility towards the pac for time zone differences ?
tier iii jackergin 170k 91 ovr can lower it if needed
come on mumble mumble '' is n't a very nice thing to call heath ledger .
even if that 's what he did throughout the entire movie..
get a bread maker no more trips and bread is way better than from a store
in the case of power overwhelming it gains the attack and health .
if you 're wondering why specifically health is important.. well .
more health harder to clear which means more damage output over the course of several turns .
multiple trades straight up face damage whatever your heart desires .
the a-10 is being replaced because it is no longer worth the maintenance .
not to mention that with how effective mobile sam platforms have turned out to be it would n't do well unless supported by other aircraft that could just do the job itself .
i just looked up codependency and that describes us very well .
i 've tried to leave a few times before but been brought back because she begs me not to leave her .
i constantly worry about whether she 'd get by without me .
if we do break up is it right to do it now ?
we have less than 2 months before we have a very intense operation and we 'll be pretty much bedridden in a hotel room in thailand for a month together .
i asked her before if she 'd still go with me if we broke up and she was n't sure she would .
we 've paid and i do n't think i could do something like that to her if it 'd make her not get this done she really needs it done .
the smash run thumbnail could be a placeholder but i dunno .
would you support ron paul if he were running in this election ?
the guy is even more stupid cos its the guys who have to pay child support .
some women are so desperate for a baby that they will actually wan na get pregnant even if its a random guy .
those guys have to pay in the end so they should be the ones wanting to use condoms .
ive had a bunch of guys who i had to convince to use condoms and everytime i was like u do know you will have to pay fucking child support for 18 years u really want that ? ? ?
but i guess the comments section has already ruined the famous skullface line .
http imgur.com/qaogv79 and without the map http imgur.com/cchrn0e the circuit is just over 3.3 miles and features 18 turns .
edit the highest point is n't turn 11 its turn 15 .
i changed the layout and forgot to change the stats .
oh god . owlbear really is a sweet heart .
my dm put me in a boxing match against him and i wrecked him only to find out what the deal with him was .
i went out of my way to give him anything i could after that .
the other argument is that by keeping the feasts means that you reject christ 's blood atonement .
is n't this what this verse is talking about ?
instead of passover remember this bread and unfermented wine ? this is my body and blood ? ''
you mean by sacrifice we reject christ 's atonement ?
sacrifices point to christ on either side of the cross .
paul and all disciples sacrificed up till destruction of temple and they did not reject christ ' sacrifice .
were there feast days or holy times before sin ?
19 m/f should i cheat on my gf 18 f of 1 year ?
the rest is just self-serving justification for being a cheater .
we were thinking a points system and the winner takes it after the 10 weeks it 's only gon na be 100 bucks or so but its gon na keep us playing every week .
no there is nothing printed on the chips is there better values we should be using
last one is in the cave at the bottom of the alternate path on the jumping puzzle .
the jumping puzzle then activates and you go through the broken gate .
this whole scene is full of adorable actions from her .
if i 'm creating their outfits i always look at their reactions .
sometimes they look really unhappy so i do n't use that outfit even if i like it .
if they look happy or do the whole checking outfit and nodding i use that outfit because i feel like i have found something they like and that they feel comfortable in .
there are times when to be able to move forward you have to recognise you need help .
lions fans at least on here ai n't the ones complaining
i would say that the mircodermabrasion is a very fine grit and very gentle .
maybe if you use it for a sensitive area it 'll work ?
i loved using this sample however it does n't seem like there is n't that much product in there .
despite the shitty start we 're only 7 points behind leicester in 4th place .
realistically speaking clubs like leicester and west ham wo n't hang on for a top 4 spot and outside of utd/city/arsenal the final spot will be competed for by liverpool/spurs/everton who are currently 4 5 and 5 points ahead respectively .
unlike say dortmund last season who were plagued with injuries all year and were unable to field a competitive full strength 11 to lead them back to the top 4 our squad is relatively fit and we generally dont suffer from injuries much .
our main problem has just been mentality and confidence all it 'll take is a few games to get back into the swing of things and that 7 point gap will be nothing but a memory i 'm certain of it
game itself is good never buy anything from gamestop 's digital service though .
you are a hero d i just got a jessie hat from disneyland so that looks like what i 'll be aiming for !
the problem was fergie 's retirement was n't really planned and even when he had decided after last time he did n't tell people at the club immediately just so he was sure .
its a shame really that pep did n't ring him as his decision to join bayern was after fergie had basically decided .
he could have had pep hold off the deal by letting him in on his thought process and then maybe we would have had options
i especially enjoyed the theme for the christmas level .
did you kneel on the floor instead of just sitting while he stands ?
there is a life about to start when tomorrow comes !
no you were trivialising something you clearly know nothing about to make a point which does n't stand up to scrutiny .
when there is overpopulation in a country eventually something has to be done about it whether it be by reducing immigration or limiting the birth rate .
how does that not stand up to scrutiny '' ?
we do n't have an overpopulation problem in the uk we have a wealth distribution problem .
we have both but what does wealth distribution have to do with overpopulation ?
the uk is one of the most densely populated countries in europe .
https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_union_statistics and in order to meet our housing needs we would have to be building over 200,000 homes each year .
where parents threaten to send kids when they are naughty .
or if you really wanted to put the shitters up them you would point out the window to a van and say here is the man in the van to take you away '' .
huge question on this one though can you get number 2 if you miss the first ?
will this impact finding the 3rd or fourth and does one person dying in the fireteam rest or is it only solo ?
because you suck trucker dick on the road duh .
last weekend i got picked up by an uber driver who was driving his taxi cab .
i wonder if people will make any progress on using rw apps on 3rd party roms before this phone is actually old .
in which case for the love of god do n't not do it .
do n't know if it 's already answered but to get your php-fpm memory comsumption
ps ylc php5-fpm sort rss awk ' ! rss s 8 end printf s\n '' total memory used by php-fpm child processes printf dm\n '' s/1024 '
this will show all ream eated '' by your php-fpm proceses .
if you want to know exactly what is happening run the free m is not enough .
get fallout new vegas too ... aaaand get the mod for it which essentially replays fallouts 1 and maybe 2 .
the core history is briefly touched on moreso in fnv than in vanillia fo3 .
or just peruse the wiki ... .and tehre are youtube videos covering the hidden history of everything .
did you kneel on the floor instead of just sitting while he stands ?
as an american that 's also all i knew about him too .
please give an update when you start to sell !
but 2 weeks is not long at all to be searching for a job after graduation .
just keep looking in your area and do n't give up .
as for the lawyer you might want to look into pro bono ... i believe every state bar association has lawyers who volunteer pro bono .
i hope someone replies with more detailed information but that 's about all i can offer .
best of luck you have my sympathies and i hope you land on your feet
i do have access to tokyo express but i still tend to prefer 2/5/21 or 6 and get my steel from my submarines .
i do run tokyo express when i 'll be away for a bit though .
that 's a really bad mentality to have if you 're a lower rank .
everybody thinks they 're good with the awp when they first start playing or when they 're still in the nova/mg range .
the truth is that there 's so much more to being a good awp than consistently hitting shots .
it 's all about map knowledge knowing when to position yourself good crosshair placement and movement .
you should focus on rifles first and then awp if you want to play the awp .
nothing 's worse than some self-proclaimed kennys who 'll save every round he ca n't afford to get an awp and will always go glass cannon instead of a rifle and helmet .
you should also more or less forget your rank .
when you rank up multiple ranks without consistently losing them it 's a good sign that you 're getting better but if you rank up to dmg then have a bad stretch and rank back down to mg2 it says nothing about if you 've gotten better at the game .
aim maps are good at teaching you how to aim obviously but you 'll never get any better at playing the game by just playing aim maps you 'll just get better aim .
it sounds cliché but it 's absolutely true you just need to play the game learn the maps inside and out watch pro matches and learn positions that way learn grenade spots etc .
there 's so much to becoming an all round better cs player that it 's really difficult to explain a surefire way .
i 'm never sure if someone 's pretending to get it pretending to agree or actually is just doing their best to rationalize what i 'm imposing .
antis '' often state that the main a problem with gamergate is that kotakuinaction gghq etc .
i personally would n't consider it to be oftentimes '' but even if it were i do n't see why there would be a problem .
quinn has been making false accusations about gamergate and has been lying for over a year .
she has also gone to the un and google to promote censorship and is actively involved in a free speech lawsuit .
she has actively attacked and slandered gamergate for so long and is promoting censorship both against gjoni and the internet .
so why would it be wrong to have a discussion ?
hi vapers today got the sample of smok treebox mod http www.smokstore.us/smok/smok-treebox-tc-mod ...
will get first batch in 1-2days ... many vapers waitting the bad boys ... .
i 'm a dominion in warbringer and i 'm trying to get 100 on all regions in my content finder .
my map says there are 3 challenges in crimson isle the third being 'egg smasher ' which is not on my challenge log .
i 've even seen the eggs i have to smash but there 's not interaction .
i have made sure i 'm showing all challenges but it only shows the other two i 've completed .
can anyone who owns or has owned this jacket in the past tell me if this is machine washable or not ?
also sorry i was n't sure what to flair this .
so in my total stupidity i dragged a piano to relocate it temporarily .
i was afraid the wheels would dent the floor so in a moment of brilliance stupidity i put a thick rug underneath to prevent the scratches .
any ideas on how to make it less visible ?
i should add that the finish we have is matte .
looks like the carpet polished '' the streaks onto the floor .
just wondering if anyone knew if there still are hot spots like lastyear ?
i see theres a shot chart when u click r3 ' on ur player .. im wondering if this affects ur shooting at park or pro-am ?
let me tell you a story first about my friends brother he loved chuan very much .
he would watch all his game watch his vods and rematches he did .
recently he had a heart problem and went into surgery which caused his heart to stop at surgery and pass away at that very hospital .
i know its tragic but his one last wish was to meet chuan so my friend wanted to meet chuan at his place and make his brother proud and happy .
it would be awesome if i could actually reach him and talk to him and my friend .
i do n't have an xbox one and i kinda think it 's a little unfair that 360 users do n't have a sale while xbox one users do
when i start the game in windowed mode it stutters for a quarter of a second whenever i click says not responding then resumes normally .
it would also stutter by itself every few seconds .
i have to change the game from whatever i 'm in to full-screen then back in order to get rid of the stuttering .
however i ca n't do that for some games .
also the icon in the task bar goes crazy as it disappears and reappears from the right side to slide it to the left as i click the program repeatedly .
this would apply to all games in windowed mode .
settings in the nvidia control panel are in factory settings .
note the video recording slowed down the stuttering it normally goes three times faster .
starcraft 2 can be resolved by going from fullscreen back to windowed .
i was so impressed by the quality of the production by the acting and writing ...
except at some point in the middle of the season it became obvious how one-sided the villains '' were .
was n't there paranoia bad people and bad decisions on both sides ?
makes me wonder who funded this especially in the present climate .
it 's an incredible show so very well produced but what 's the reason for it being so one-sided ?
the threat of mutual destruction must 've affected both sides .
i work in a fairly large company 1000 employees and was wondering would it help or hurt your career to join a smaller company 100 for a bigger title .
it 's something i 've seen across linkedins where someone becomes a corporate manager within 1-2 years and i 'm like wtf i 've been here for 3 years and i 'm still only a supervisor .
how much skill can you get within that frame ?
is this the main reason people job hop 2-3 years ?
i did n't realize it when i started but i just got through watching season 1 on netflix only to go online to look up info about the show and see a second season was starting a day later .
what i 've noticed first of all is the age of the characters .
its lost the vibe it had going in season 1 .
third is the first season 's pacing was slow but deliberate .
having watched the first two episodes of the new season i have more questions than i did from all of season 1 .
i 'm not quite sure where things are going at the moment .
i 'm hoping this wo n't be one of those shows where they should have just left it alone .
the title of this post is from a poem written on a desk from an unknown author .
i hardly have any will to live anymore but ca n't bring myself to end it .
i smoke cigarettes constantly hoping maybe i 'll get lung cancer and die from it .
i drive really fast without a seat belt thinking maybe i 'll crash be ejected from my vehicle and break my neck or whatever .
i stand on the edge of cliffs hoping i 'll slip or the wind will knock me over .
i 've been on this rollercoaster of emotion for as long as i can remember .
i 've been in long relationships and currently been single for three years .
i only bring this up because i thought being single would help me find myself .
i have n't found anything i 'm empty and cold .
everyone enjoys my company and says i 'm really fun to be around but it 's all a front .
wearing this mask is really starting to take it 's toll on me i 'm tired .
i do n't really see an end to this i feel like i got nothing more to give .
i 'm twenty five is this all life has to offer ?
i have just started after quiting two and a half years ago and i moved servers so i am now on landroval .
i dont have any of the expansions so i do n't really know who will be wiling to accept me but i am looking for a friendly group that is willing to answer a bunch of nooby questions
i have been thinking this a couple of days more than i have since i first got sober .
i 'm doing everything i 'm supposed '' to be doing .
i have a therapist i have group therapy i go to meetings smart and wfs .
i am sleeping pretty well and eating healthy and going outside for little walks and seeing friends and talking to people .
i do not have depression but i have been grieving .
i do not have an anxiety disorder but i 've been having ptsd .
i have seen change in me in the last year but the change is never positive it 's just different kinds of miserable .
i 've been changing but only in terms of the type of misery .
this is going on way too painfully for way too long .
i 'm not going to go out and drink right now because i do n't feel like leaving my apartment and anyways there is n't any hurry .
but this is just taking too long and it is n't getting better just new kinds of miserable .
i guess i just wanted to share and type this out because i do n't have a question now that i think about it .
i 've heard people on this forum say that to keep themselves from relapsing they just remember how bad it all was .
at first i thought that it would pass so i was sticking it out but it has n't and it 's been close to 14 months .
people just keep telling me it 's a process '' and it 'll pass '' and it takes time . ''
yeah fine but the process is not passing and it 's taking too much time .
i remember how bad it all was using but i do n't really care much about that anymore .
this is the worst i 've ever felt for 14 months straight with barely a few hours break on occasion and it 's quickly surpassing my tolerance for how long it is taking .
i play a lot of spvp and the 1 minute countdown is frustrating beyond belief .
if you suggest people to press it you get a big stuff you youre not my mum..
so you spend the minute watching some guy run around in circles in the spawn literally .
the flip side to reducing the timer is that the time is used for strategizing .
if people want to use the time then the button is strategize '' .
if everyone on a team presses it then it goes to a full minute countdown .
if not the timer goes to 10 seconds and we get to play .
let us play anet without waiting or getting abused for suggesting people press im ready .
i went to the gym a few times but i 've never committed to gaining muscle .
also if you eat junk food can you still gain weight and put on muscle ?
she was 63 pounds covered in fungus and ringworm .
no spaying until she dropped at least ten pounds .
we 're working on the weight loss and making progress .
she 's my first dog so i had no idea .
can i say that i am really angry at the previous owners who did n't take care of her ?
before them she was a fighting dog so i guess they were an improvement .
anything i can do to make her comfortable until the storm passes ?
i saw this show advertised on the adult swim facebook but never saw anything of it did it get canned that quickly ?
i recently had a baby and next year he will be around 2 .
i want to leave him home with grandma and go with my husband to visit napa .
does anyone know of any decent affordable places to stay 200/night and lower ?
i enjoy wine but i do n't know much about it .
is a trip to napa a good place to learn or should i have a little more knowledge beforehand ?
i want to go to some tastings naturally and just get out of the la area and the city .
also my husband does n't drink so i wanted to plan to go to some good restaurants and a couple dives to check out the local flavor .
we want to clear this quickly so please have experience .
i am a new java coder and i am trying to understand junit .
how would i test an if statement in junit for all possibilities ?
hi i just unlocked the farragut t6 and could n't help but notice that most of these upgrades seem meaningless .
looking up the tech tree at the mahan seems to give the same image .
do you guys take any of the hull upgrades ?
i ca n't image the extra 5 points in aa being that useful at all slap on the fact that the torpedo upgrades are not exactly desirable either .
since i have gone completely nc my children and i do n't have to go to nmama 's house on the holidays and be her supply for a miserable few hours !
i can spend the day with people i love and who love me !
i am looking for ditto that i can use to breed perfect iv pokemon .
ditto mega-metamon genderless imposter docile 31/31/31/31/31/31 n/a y 32413 pokeball any level pentagon jpn
i do have a ditto with the correct name but most everything else would need to be changed .
i do n't know if it is easier for me to trade you this one or for you to just start with a different ditto .
i caught it in my game so i know it 's legit but its stats are pretty bad but if you have a pokesave ...
the yveltal has been in my party with the exp share on so it does have some random evs .
i know how to wavedash l-cancel and dash dance but i still feel like something about melee play is lacking .
is there a place where i can learn about the basics of melee besides just the tech .
i 've tried to create a healing build with mesmer and one question comes up
does restorative illusions heal yourself and lose conditions when you use a shatter skill work with healing prism when healing yourself nearby allies are also healed .
gain 100 healing power for each illusion you control ?
this would sound quite good if you ask me .
the tool says 890 but many factors like the 100hp per illusion are n't included yet .
this is just the base i 'm working with .
a 890 heal per shatter x3 2670 for 5 allies
a 890 heal per selfheal for 5 allies a mantra build could spam 3 heals quickly
a 2900 heal per prepared mantra for 5 allies 4 mantras to prepare
you could als add the chronomancer traitline illusionary reversion and chronophantasma to have more illusions after shattering which would mean more heals because of restorative illusions .
this build was created in about 10 minutes i might have overlooked some potential from other traitlines .
i have n't mentioned all the regeneration buffs and other support skills yet .
seems mesmer could be a very viable healer next to the druid as well .
my friend just started the game and hes level 10 but the starter pack has n't shown up .
anyone know the appropriate level that it begins to show up ?
we have a birthday today ! ! ! ! ! !
here 's the place to post all those little things you feel like do n't quite deserve their own posts ab related or otherwise !
for those of you just joining us you can comment here 3eiy8m to add your birthday to the calendar !
also have a look at our wiki https www.reddit.com/r/randomactsofab/wiki/index page for rules and faqs !
a reminder for those participating in the gift exchange !
feel free to pick up non-ab goodies for your giftee .
your gift must be in the mail by december 1 but you can start sending them any time in november .
i noticed 2 main points that changed with the last update
my conda is getting overheated when using its beams i 've never been exposed to such temps before ... are you concerned too ?
there 's an endless 10cr repair option available at dock even if my ship whatever it is is 100 clean .
i met this girl in my business classes we 're both seniors and she 's here for a semester .
i 've made some small talk with her before/after class saw her downtown and we talked about getting each other 's numbers but due to alcohol never did .
next week she finds me in class and grabs my phone to put her number in it .
i 'm feeling awesome because wow this girl is amazingly attractive best smile ever and gorgeous .
thing is though is i do n't exactly know what to say .
any tips on mentioning something german maybe to break the ice and make me seem cultured but not creepy ?
not as a conversation starter but something to mention just to seem witty/cool .
hoping for the best thanks and upvotes to any replies !
i 'm a musician and i 'm trying to back up my own music and what not and it literally wo n't let me and it 's hella frustrating .
so i 'm away at university and my plant was back at home .
my grandparents are coming to visit soon and i wanted it gone before they came and were able to see it .
luckily my dad did me a solid and hung it up to dry for me so i can come home to trim it this weekend .
http imgur.com/jbk0vzt iphone 4 and dad taking picture quality sorry
couple of q 's 1 how much do you think this yield is ?
i should add that it 's meant to be serious .
this person utilizes some off form of refinement of content into a stream that generates a lot more views than the original post ever could ...
i am currently interested in pursuing a minor in computer science .
my first concern is that i am not going to be prepared for csc165 .
this is due to the fact that i am currently taking mat133 instead of mat135/mat137 .
i have heard from upper years that having one of these courses helps .
will i have a lot of difficulty due to the fact i did n't take these courses ?
i see on the art sci website that it is a corequisite and that is why i am wondering how screwed i might be .
my question is in terms of difficulty how much more difficult is csc240 in comparison to csc165 ?
i will try and meet up with the cs department sometime next week just wondering what my fellow students thoughts are .
so i can keep the floors clean after we go to town purging the fuck out of tammy 's stupid bitch face .
as they say at lil ' bits eat some fuckin shit you fuckin stupid bitch ! ''
there is some brutal negativity from people about a community created event offering free maps and an option to buy a 2 dollar pass .
i 'll give gold to whoever posts a video playing my ragtime piece !
i 'll post the sheet music from the daw that i used to compose the music if anyone is willing to try .
i see some events that seem smaller and not on the main stage .
being 2 months before the movie i 'd assume they would have a massive panel/event .
it seems to me that the fact that you do not immediately benefit from 1-ups is what ruins the 100-mario challenge more so than the terribly designed levels .
most of the time what prevents me from completing a good challenging level is that i will never make up the lives lost spent completing the level .
i can spend 99 lives on a level but only get 3 back .
in many games a 1-up can act as a pseudo-checkpoint and help pace a level for several reasons
getting a 1-up gives you a minigoal within the level .
if you get to this point then you have lost nothing if you fail .
it lets you throw yourself into the problem several hundred times without losing anything .
a 1-up usually happens after or right before a significant challenge .
they build up the tension or help release it .
but that 's only true if there 's more to the level and if you benefit from the 1-up immediately .
1-ups can encourage a player to slow down and explore a level .
sometimes you can only get a 1-up when you 're not speeding through a level .
when you have limited lives a single 1-up carrying over to the next level can really make a difference .
i feel like there are more negatives to gating 1-ups than positives .
sure you prevent someone from making a level which spits out 100 1-up mushrooms but you lose out on almost every other benefit an immediate 1-up has .
if nintendo really wanted to prevent 1-up spamming they could have just limited someone to 5 1-ups per level and prevent pipes from having 1-ups .
instead we 're left with the issue that levels are more likely to be skipped often times because it 's not worth risking more lives for it .
hi i am 18 years old and live in southern california .
a few months ago as i was about to finish high school my father lost his job and we had to re-locate which means i have no high school diploma .
i had a 3.8 gpa 28 on act and 1900 on sat if it matters .
i worked in a fast food restaurant for 7 months where i became an assistant gm in training .
i have no job currently about 6k in savings having troubles finding a job no driver 's license my parents might be looking to split and my mother is unemployed and never had a job in the u.s. and i will be unable to live with my father .
what can i do to get into a good situation for both me and my mother with all of these problems ?
i have been teaching myself java and c for the last few months and am getting better and better .
i wanted to go to college for finance but i clearly ca n't afford it .
should i take out a bunch of loans to get myself through school while hopefully working ?
should i just try to find a job and float by ?
thanks for reading and helping me out this situation is very stressful and i need some advice to help me get through it .
please tell me how can i find the winning roads i am out of ideas ... .
looking for duo or ranked 5s add me ingame rg silent
3-2 against qiao gu a mediocre team that has a c tier korean mid and a mediocre na lcs support .
loses games vs dandy toplane and snake the team that got styled on by edg subs jinjiao and ray .
i called them overrated and said they were n't nearly as good as edg or skt but got downvoted for it .
get rekt bandwagoners it was obvious they werent that good .
i am in aus on a working holiday visa and i want to do a proof of age card in vic so that i do n't have to take my passport with me every time i go out .
if i travel to other states will it still be valid ?
although my bachelors was in economics i really do n't have any idea about family economics .
recently i found this video https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=co1ifnanaby on the economics of sex and marriage and the economic analysis that they did is really awesome .
i was wondering from a strict economic point of view why do people have kids in modern western society ?
you invest decades of your time effort income emotions and then there is a high chance that your kids leave home at 18 and never see you again in your life .
before the 21st century having kids meant higher income and an insurance for retirement .
the social security systems have done away with that .
therefore it seems that from a strict cost-benefit analysis having kids is a really one-sided sunken investment which defies the laws of economics .
from a strict economic point of view why do people in modern western society have kids ?
any short article or video that provides a basic economic explanation of the topic ?
one of those large predatory 'eagle ' like birds got caught in my cage i set for goblins .
how can i order my dwarves to eat it assuming it 's possible
is there a way i can get maximum use out of it any other way ?
can i order my dwarves to kill it while it 's in the cage ?
do you know how it is possible to know the contents of chaos chest every week ?
outside visit the pts is to buy 200 and open them .
i 'm new to programming and i 'm working on a stopwatch in winform .
i need it to be able to create log files of the times but when i click it it creates a blank .txt of clock 1 a .txt of clock 2 with the time from clock 1 and does n't even create a file for clock 3 .
i can not spot where i went wrong forgive my painfully bad skills
i 've been a die-hard browns fan since 1973 .
what i 've witnessed for the past two seasons is ridiculous starting no-talent qbs in a desperate attempt to make the playoffs '' .
if the browns want to build for long-term success they must let manziel play .
the coaches and management must get behind him unconditionally and let him gain the experience he needs it might be painful at times but it is guaranteed to be magnificent at times as well .
brett favre did not have a winning record in his first year with the packers but the coach and gm recognized that if they just showed some patience and allowed him to progress through the learning curve that all young qbs must go through the benefit would be spectacular .
support manziel let him know that the coaches and gm are solidly behind him allow him to grow and cleveland will be a playoff caliber team for the next ten years .
manziel possesses the same undefinable skills and talent that favre had .
playing a has been '' or streaky unreliable qb every year in hopes of possibly '' getting into the playoffs once while the future sits on the bench is outright foolish .
you do n't draft a qb in the first round to sit him behind the likes of hoyer and mccown 9 teams in 9 years really ?
if the browns knew anything about building a long-term contender manziel would be playing and learning with the benefits to follow for years .
we 've won one game this year with manziel doing the things that mccown just can not do .
not starting him after his performance against tennessee who by the way was playing their rookie qb as they should was just plain foolish .
having someone like mccown around to mentor manziel is a great idea playing him in front of manziel not so much .
yes manziel had some growing and maturing to do last season which he did now it 's time to let him play grow know he 's got the team 's support and then enjoy the next ten winning seasons .
if they 're not going to use him then they should let him go elsewhere become a first-rate qb and laugh at the seemingless stupidity of the browns organization .
i hope this is the right place to ask this question .
how would i go about ordering completely custom keycaps ?
i want to buy keys with the gurmukhi lettering on them and i find it impossible to find any such product already on the market .
how much would that cost and where would i get it done ?
i 'm on mobile now so i apologize if i do n't format properly .
i have n't use my pc for around 2 months .
turned it on or tried to switch would n't work .
tried reconnecting all my wires psu disconnecting gpu and using a screwdriver to directly turn on the pc using the pw thingy on my mobo .
nothing works but there 's a green light on my mobo http imgur.com/965xds2 which suggests my psu is working .
this has happened to a number of my friends and its causing serious problems in our club .
i love the idea of hybrid raids and its the reason why i got myself a drobo and now planning to get a synology
and of what i know only these companies seems to offer this awesome feature
does this exist in other nas hardware software too ?
dont really have that much experience with hybridraid but i love idea of not having to worry about mixing drives if they are not the exact same size.. and google tells me only these companies offers it
i am interested in biomedical engineering and in hotcourses.my utar is the most viewed university for it .
i want to hear out your personal opinions on how the faculties are etc .
a picture from whiskey advocate because i finished the bottle .
no not at all for a four year rye whisky it 's actually surprisingly passable .
no the reason why this whisky illicits an ugh from me will soon be readily apparent .
from what i know few spirits is a small craft '' distiller that bottles relatively young whiskey .
i 'll need a bit more information on this part .
nose hints of lavender very floral mild oak surprisingly not that sweet .
notes of slight citrus combine with what seems to be slight hints of corn and nuts .
the mouthfeel is rather thin and there 's a bit of a weird astringency that is dominant in the palate .
the astringency gives way to mild barley and wheat but there 's really not that much there minus the mild oak tannic flavors and a weird floral note .
balance not too bad it does definitely taste a bit young and could definitely use some age .
the juice does n't seem too bad though and i have to give credit where credit is due few spirits did n't pick a terrible rye .
taste wise i 'm not impressed with it partially because i have a particular bias towards older ryes .
but it just does n't show any complexity like comparable willett 4 or 6 year ldi ryes .
as i mentioned earlier there 's a reason why this whisky annoys me .
i understand that craft distilleries need to offset some of the costs .
i understand that distilling is not a cheap industry .
but 70 for a bottle of 4 year old rye ?
it 's the same price as the willett 4 year rye on the secondary market .
i mean sure the rye is actually pretty acceptable .
it 's not bad i would n't say it 's detestable .
the whiskey is meh '' at best and they 're charging premium prices with it .
personally i have no problem with ndps like the rest of this sub the honest and decently reasonable ndps are alright .
but this is not even close to a cheap whiskey and to boot it 's not even that good .
definitely skip this one or at the very least sample it .
it 's not impressive it wo n't blow your socks off and a whole bottle will cost a lot of money .
i ended up killing my bottle with a friend in a blaze of glory .
but i 'd rather buy ehtbp or two bottles of four roses with this .
as i said extremely new to wicca and love everything about it .
my only problem is that i think i am experiencing religious trauma syndrome .
i was raised christian birth to now 23 years old and just this week have begun converting .
my whole life i knew something was wrong but every time i brought it up people would tell me i just need more faith and that if i do n't believe i will go to hell and all that .
i finally feel happy and at home now but i think my body is afraid of the conversion from years and years of being too scared to look for a new belief .
i have been having headaches and stomach pains this entire last week and i know it is the stress and trauma getting to me .
has anyone else gone through this or have any words of advice ?
i have some emerald or green calcite that is said to help leave behind old beliefs that i just purchased today so i hope that helps .
thank you in advance and i am excited to become a part of this community .
did i play this fine or what could i have done better ?
the reddit poker converter http www.handconverter.com poker videos by deucescracked http www.deucescracked.com ? referrer=converter_reddit
pre flop 0.03 hero is btn with a clubs 2 clubs
1 fold mp calls 0.02 1 fold hero raises to 0.08 sb calls 0.07 1 fold mp calls 0.06
sb checks mp checks hero bets 0.18 sb folds mp raises to 0.36 hero calls 0.18
the reddit poker converter http www.handconverter.com poker videos by deucescracked http www.deucescracked.com ? referrer=converter_reddit
pre flop 0.03 hero is co with q hearts q diamonds
utg calls 0.02 mp raises to 0.04 hero raises to 0.12 4 folds mp calls 0.08
the reddit poker converter http www.handconverter.com poker videos by deucescracked http www.deucescracked.com ? referrer=converter_reddit
pre flop 0.03 hero is mp with a clubs q diamonds
1 fold hero raises to 0.06 3 folds bb raises to 0.19 hero calls 0.13
i 'm trying the great multiplayer mode remastered version with friend .
i know that creating a group you will join a match all in the same side .
without creating a group you 'll just enter a random match .
is there a way to join the same match not being pushed in the same faction or maybe something like a classic deathmatch ?
we are both experienced players and have golgeroth checkpoint .
how would you price something like this i left one of my bionacles from when i was a kid unopened and i now want to sell it .
journalism student looking for people into the mermaid culture people who practice mermaidism .
for example you ca n't cast a bonus action spell and an action spell in the same turn .
looking for 2 more for void and solar sword sunless strike .
so i started watching the new gundam that is airing now
so someone can tell or give me an order to watch gundam ?
was thinking about moving to iceland in the future but i dont know anyone from it .
i am looking for two tickets to friday nights show .
i 'm just looking for a connection with someone who i can talk to for more than just a day .
i 'm in the social service field so i do n't make much money but i would n't change working with kids for anything in the world .
i have my bachelors degree and hope to one day go back for my masters .
i 'm smart and i 'd like to think funny .
i 'm very quick with a retort and speak sarcasm fluently .
i 'm 5'8 with dirty blonde hair and green eyes .
i 'm the kind of guy that will show up with flowers for no reason other then that its a tuesday .
i 'm looking for someone who is intelligent and can push me to be better then i am .
if any of this interests you please pm so i can finally say i 've found what i 'm looking for .
so i 'm brewing my first batch and following a recipe from a well respected book .
the recipe said to use campden tabs i 'm using powdered k-meta 1/4 tsp before pitching the yeast but did not say anything about a waiting period .
i 'm now reading about how you 're supposed to wait 24hrs on tons of websites online .
the bad news i pitched the yeast maybe 30min after adding the k-meta .
the good i hope news ever since about 8 hours after i airlocked it 's been bubbling really nicely .
i plan on adding more nutrient as time goes on i added additional fermax once the bubbles/fermentation started .
or should i do nothing stick with it and see where my gravity ends up ?
edit in case it makes a difference i 'm using 2 packs of lalvin 71b yeast 15lbs honey 5 gal batch .
my problem is that when i go on dates with women my mind immediately finds something about them usually tied to looks and dismisses them as potential partners .
after having years of this it seems clear to me that the problem is not the women but my flawed perspective of them .
it then also occurred to me that my daily fapping may be a possible culprit .
my theory is that the actresses in the videos are setting the visual appeal standard so high that my mind naturally dismisses anything that falls short .
i need one more we 're already at alah-kul .
anyone else not have the stock weather app anymore ?
mine used to work and some searching has led me to believe it was removed with lollipop i 'm on stock .
i 'd anyone 's interested the reason i 'm wondering is because my lock screen weather effects do n't work anymore .
should n't xbox players and pc players be able to queue up and play together ?
its not that bad of an idea curse voice and like insta install for them or something and i think it 'll raise the games popularity leave down what you think
i 'm in burlington vt and would like to get more into filmmaking so i 'm looking to meet some more like-minded people .
despite the local colleges and artistic atmosphere of burlington the film scene seems to be either non-existent or hidden from view .
if there 's anyone in vermont or upstate new york who thinks they have room to squeeze another person into their busy social lives hit me up !
because that 's exactly what i 'm talking about .
remember the era right after wwii all countries are smart as hell inventions popping around like mushrooms everywhere .
all government rulers in all countries are idealists they 're all working for making things better than current .
now all countries are sluggish and just like in the movie idiocracy .
that 's because smartest people were behind the enemy lines during the war .
higher the degree safer you are during the war .
so now all the smart people avoids any war or conflict in middle east and the rest are fighting for a war against super powers that they can never win .
to join add your gamertag to the game lobby here https www.the100.io/quick_join/h2dsqtvwfoe https www.the100.io/quick_join/h2dsqtvwfoe
or you can reply to me here on reddit .
i 'll send invites on a first come first serve basis .
you can also use the chat on the game lobby page to communicate with me .
hi i just updated to 15w41b and ca n't accelerate my minecarts with w/s anymore while sitting in them .
does the armor affect your max health or is it just flavor text
hey guys i am completing my dex and for some mons i need some help cause it takes evolution stones i do n't have or the gts is only asking for hoopa ... etc .
i will happily offer mons for your dex completion in tradeback traden .
these are the mons i 'm looking for at the moment
pcpartpicker part list http pcpartpicker.com/p/8rcmkl price breakdown by merchant http pcpartpicker.com/p/8rcmkl/by_merchant
dead quiet high oc and low consumption so far .
do you think it 'll work best with a 1440p textures scaled down a little monitor or g sync 1080 at the 300 range ?
and no i do n't mean the upcharge on bar drinks .
i mean like he pulls a gun takes my money and keeps the booze .
so i 'm getting laid off from my current job in ma due to low business volume .
i was working 45 hours a week and making 14/hr .
this was during a period of about early june to hopefully the end of october .
my previous job was in rhode island where i currently reside .
i quit that job for personal reasons that were not deemed good enough to get benefits .
there was about 3 months between quitting the old job and starting my current job .
now the question comes from my denial letter from ri that said i would have to work with my next employer for 6 months before i would be able to qualify for benefits again .
so i guess my question is will i be able to qualify in ma for benefits .
i know i 've made enough money to qualify i think it said 1,500 in any quarter period which i 've done but the timing and the fact i live out of state are making me nervous .
the ma unemployment website is n't really all that bad but this concern seems too specific for them to address on an faq .
koo had a bad pick and ban against fw but individually they were all better than fw and kuro crushed lane as lulu despite gp doing more than lulu eventually .
koo handily beat clg even if it was n't for the blitz they were outplayed in every aspect .
koo has always been better than clg so why is this an upset ?
edit it was on ptl on the list of upsets
we know the names of books 3 4 and 5 use phrases contained within the first book as titles life the universe ... so long and thanks ... and mostly harmless .
what do you think would make a neat title for a sixth adams ' book had it been done ?
i seriously would love to hear what meds make you guys feel best but i also just want to hear good news .
i found out today my dad might be a whole lot sicker than we thought .
and i 've been on a kick of telling myself i 'm worthless and am a failure .
yay lying to people i care about to cover for how little i 'm doing .
i am more able to pass thoughts on and be in the present moment .
since developers want to keep pylons in rifts it should be setup so that whenever a pylon would spawn instead all 5 pylons spawn in a cluster and the player can pick which one to activate at that time .
the others would then deactivate and they would spawn later on the next time .
this would give players control over what pylon they use at whatever point in the rift and add a lot of depth to the game in my opinion .
do you activate the powerful pylons early or do you activate the weaker ones so you have the strong ones later on for the boss ?
of course you take the chance you may not get another pylon cluster before the boss and you should have taken it earlier .
it would also reduce the randomness of course and there would be no more bad rng '' because if you get bad pylons it is your own fault for not making the correct decisions .
bad pylons are a result of the player and not the game .
i fully understand that everyone here is most likely not a medical doctor and i am following up with my health care professionals however i am just looking for some general thoughts .
about 3 weeks ago i went for blood work with my employer as part of a health assessment .
when i went in roughly two weeks ago for the results i was told that based on a 12 hour fasting glucose reading of 6.9 mmol/l that i was most likely pre-diabetic or diabetic .
they ordered a oral tolerance test which i went for the next day .
the initial reading was 7.0 after an hour 13.2 and then after two hours 12.0 .
based on these numbers i and the research that i have completed i agree that i could have diabetes .
unfortunately my employer is not permitted to treat just assess so they told me to go to my family doctor however they indicated that if i could not get into my family doctor within a week or two to let them know and they would prescribe something immediately .
i was able to get into my family doctor that afternoon and i presented him with the results of the tests from my employer and discussed the course of treatment my employer 's physician would have me on .
my family doctor gave me a prescription for meds and a glucose meter .
i 'm not certain if it was a good idea or not but i thought that if my employer 's physician was willing to let me wait a couple of weeks if necessary for meds that i could delay them for a few days .
on the first day just before i ate supper it was 5.1 mmol/l
on one of my lab tests it reports an hba1c value of 5.4 .
now when i went for my initial and follow-up blood tests i was either in the middle of a cold/flu or recovering from it not certain if this plays any part or not .
also once i was told of the requirement to come back for the second test to confirm diabetes i realized that i had to make some changes in my life style .
i would often try to get out for a walk or on the treadmill everyday for a minimum of 10,000 steps but had often been failing and i was eating a lot of refined sugar in the forms of pop/soda candy and processed foods .
i now rarely miss my 10,000 step goal for a day and routinely exceed it by 15-20 and i have eliminated pop/soda and the majority of candy from my diet .
my current plan is to collect another day or so of glucose levels and if they remain at these levels consult with my family doctor to get his opinion before i start my meds and hopefully force a review of my employer 's results before it is too late and there are career complications .
any thoughts about the readings above and if minor changes to diet and exercise could bring a diabetic patient to these levels ?
i 've been watching the story of film on netflix over the last few days and i love how in depth it goes and uses real scenes from movies as well as scenes shot just for the series to show examples clearly .
i was wondering if there are any other series similar to this or if it 's even possible ?
movies seem like the ideal subject matter of an art history documentary so i do n't know that it can transfer to painting/sculpture/architecture as well but maybe there are some that get close ?
the ones i 've seen make kind of broad statements about a movement and show a few examples whereas the story of film will play a scene and tell you what to look for which has helped a lot .
hey i 'm looking for ditto but will add everyone i do n't have any friend codes yet so do n't know what my safari is .
please add so i can build up my friend safari d
for example i 'm currently with the spurs as an sg but dammit i 'm slow and do n't have a great ball control but with a pg you do .
if i 'm a pg i do n't want to overtake parker 's position .
i have fears that someone the terrorists really are being backed by god and are somehow right .
i also fear that they will be able to take over the west even though neither of these thoughts are rational .
i am thinking of getting the g4 but it is an absolute deal breaker if this problem still exists .
sometimes if you knocked the headphone jack or even moved or squeezed the cable the track would skip or pause or generally do something that you didnt want it to do .
until i changed roms there was also the problem that google voice search would activate randomly too .
is anyone out there having these problems with the g4 because if even one of you is ...
as someone who 's a tank since 2.0 and have all 3 tank jobs at max level i can honestly say that this affects almost all tanks that i know myself included .
how will this turn out for you wholly depends on your mindset and attachment to the role .
i started off as pld as well and it was not all sunshine and candies on my way to endgame back then .
there were times i had horrible downer moments when some people i matched up with in df called me names and when i made mistakes where i 'd normally not .
my advice on this is to not dwell on those moments if you know that tanking is the role you want treat those hiccups as learning points instead of signs to show that you 're not suited for the task .
do n't be afraid to admit your mistakes and/or that you 're new to the dungeon .
this will help the others to relate to your plight should you screw up in the run and encourage more experienced tanks in the party to help you out !
not everyone will contribute positively when advising you on what to do or do n't .
if the person does n't make sense highly hostile or is being contradictory filter them out !
mistakes happen whether we like it or not and more prominently tanking well wo n't ensure that nothing bad happens .
different dungeons and fights have different degree of contribution from a tank which means if you know you 're preforming well the cause of the wipe wo n't be your fault .
even now i have friends who joined and/or took up tanking recently consulting me in regards of tactics methods and generally how do i not screw up and make everyone hate me episodes .
blaming yourself is to take 1 step into another role .
these are all general advises for you to better fit your mindset into the mold of an ideal tank .
to become even better you 'll definitely need more experience .
i tend to advise my juniors to rely more on gut feelings than theories and methodologies .
things wo n't happen the way you project it to be all the time and how you adapt to the fallout is what sets you apart from the rest .
usually the prices drop on wednesday as people need coins to open up packs in which the new totw players are .
as this weeks totw will definitely feature aguero people will open a lot of packs i guess hence the prices will drop a bit .
i have a 12 year old child with avoidant/restrictive eating disorder .
they do exist and sometimes parents of 'fussy ' eaters feel overwhelmed by 'good advice ' when there may be an underling problem .
if you have any questions please feel free to ask .
i could see capsule planes taking off some day .
get off the internet and talk your your neighbour .
and the gay nude part is further past that ... so i 'm .. um .. told
alright nevertheless this is outstanding love the time you guys spend to give the community content like this !
but linuz is 2hard n has no gaems get out of her nerd
how do you embed images/gifs into a reddit comment ?
while the mk is collecting dust anavel finds occasional use in gws .
but i mean he wanted us to choose the hero he wanted if i had been earth spirit i may have swapped i 'm not too bad with doom .
but he already knew he wanted earth spirit and randomed anyway hoping we would choose it for him..
would anyone honestly do what the person wanted just so they are satisfied ?
but i just want to understand how people can think they can get away with this so easily ?
he kinda rules if you want a siege comp .
if you 've got ap mid and jungle too .
impossible to miss someone with the size of half the midlane with 1625 range and 1900 projectile speed .
my problem with catan is the faux hidden information .
every resource anyone gets bar via the robber is public information but for some reason everyone 's hand is still private .
i 'm not a fan of this pointless memory game .
ticket to ride has the same issue although not every card one draws in the game is public information .
do n't be rude or hostile to other users .
your comment will be removed even if the rest of it is solid . ''
if you would like to appeal please message the moderators by clicking this link .
http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fchangemyview subject=removed+comment+rule+2+post+appeal message=beeteeoh+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of his/her+post https www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/3nsaar/cmv_the_fact_that_ikea_is_pretty_much_the_only/cvr2qzq
when you 're the only one attempting to keep it alive they go about their lives going places doing things hanging out seeing movies which you can clearly see all over facebook ... but they never invite you .
the only time you two hang out is when you invite them .
i actually had a friend who would always do the inviting but that 's because if i asked him to do something he would always say no .
he just wanted to always have things his way .
i 'm glad they 're keeping you on your toes .
for the cells that do this select the cell press ctrl+1 go to the alignment '' tab in the horizontal '' drop down at the top left corner if the setting is set to fill '' change it to general '' .
that is the only thing i could imagine causing a problem like this .
you can also select your entire sheet and do ctrl+1 alignment general to correct all instances in one go unless you use other alignments throughout your sheet then go one-by-one .
as for what 's causing it it could be you accidentally did it one place or copy-pasted from somewhere that caused the format of the cell to be set to fill '' then copy-pasted your sheet around as a template making the format replicate in various random cells .
i do n't think they will for 2 reasons .
1 even with pre crafting it 's going to cost gold to buy some if not many of the items for it .
2 it 's going to take a lot of time probably to the point that it 's not very viable to do it for the point of selling .
before the scavenger hunt was announced anet stated that they did n't want to ruin the gold value of the precursors and while they may drop a bit it 's not going to be much may go up if mats to forge them go up .
i 'm having all sorts of fun with this last half of season four..now that most of the family drama side stories self guilt and religious pity parties are out of the way .
this leaves more time for all sorts of game of thrones type leverage y shenanigans .
just completely fictitious ending tacked onto the end of an otherwise true dramatization of the abscam robbery .
it 's like if someone remade bonnie clyde so that they did n't die at the end and lived happily ever after .
never mind the fact that the data people have collected puts whips at an extremely low rate meaning they all seem to have different weights '' in terms of rarity and you forgot the pet p
what if hypothetically one finds themselves in a similar situation and the hospital in which they were born does not exist any more ?
the point about se and japanese developers in general not realising the potential of the pc market in the western world is true kinda forgot about that .
the web app just does not load for me .
say that to me in real life and i 'll kiss you
sucks that i 'd have to sign a register if i explored it now girls my age with braces are rarer than rocking horse shit .
why do all the women seem to have similar features ?
yeah it seems a bit unfair to characterize the method like that .
i mean.. the examples does n't use an array .
cool also known as the convenient oo loop is a base class for strings numbers and other built-in classes that you are supposed to use mostly interchangeably .
so it 's more a consequence of perl 's inclination to type coercing a good example of a place where it does n't make sense though .
i 'm currently at hr 5307 is there better locations than that closer to sol ?
what about a bounty board or somesuch along those lines with stuff around the hub also ?
essentially making it less sandbox-y but just giving them a variety of plot threads right there for them .
if they 're struggling with all the choices what are their characters ' motivations ?
furthermore bethesda im gon na go out on a limb here and suggest that of the nearly 9 million subscribers to this sub there 's probably and absurdly small portion of them that are n't aware the game is coming out the remainder need no convincing to purchase you 're probably not scoring any pre-order converts for the ones who know better than to do such a thing and the handful who are n't buying it probably would n't do so because of reasons you 're unlikely to sway them with a viral marketing campaign .
the fans of the series know the game is coming out and any modern gamer is too savvy for this kind of transparent lol so viral '' gimmick .
if you want a word of advice keep us apprised of cool foiv stuff and do n't buck your cred by trying to get one over on us with viral marketing unless you happen to have some kind of incredibly cool arg tie-in which does n't appear to be the case here just some lame r/nosleep attempt .
it is a problem i ran into with passenger seats and controlling drones unsure why it would be happening in a cockpit though unless that cockpit is not set to be the main one .
and how is it my fault nobody else wants him ?
it 's a difficult distinction because whether or not something is racist often depends on the intent of the speaker not just their words ... but you do n't always know their intent .
how many white people '' gifs have you seen of some white dude awkwardly dancing ?
i do n't take any offence to those because i 'm pretty sure 99.9 of the people posting them do n't hate white people .
i had a jewish ex and cracked plenty of jew jokes at the time but she knew that i had nothing against jews obviously since i was in love with one and found the jokes funny not offensive .
so you can have jokes about race that are n't racist but unless you are close to the person making the joke then their intent is n't always clear .
i dont understand that part at all are the actions she performed in breaking out of the asylum just kind of dramatized in each of the cg sections ?
what 's the deal with her dancing in a trance ?
its been a while but the film is odd .
probably the data is corrupted on the card so it is repeatably showing that whenever attempting to tap on at any reader .
hence easy to pull out the camera and tap on again .
try setting your polling rate to 1000hz 800dpi see if that does anything .
i 'm sure mocking players opting not to respond via voice-comms is the pinnacle of social adeptness .
the entire state of montana is like one big city just reached over a million a few years ago .
the whole state has a great selection of beers from missoula bozeman belgrade helena and on and on .
my personal favorite would have to be cold smoke from kettlehouse brewery in missoula .
i i i left my phone off the menu .
you wan na throw in last night 's earthquake and you 'll die .
i started taking notice around the late 90 's but the first real memories i have of liverpool are the early 2000 's .
gary mac scoring his free kicks and the season where we won about 4-5 cups the final against alaves .
before that i actually also remember watching an england u21 game where a certain jamie carragher was in defence .
a google check tells me that was in 1997 .
there 's a big difference between current law and prop f by the way you linked to the old law which allowed only the city to do civil suits .
under current law http www.amlegal.com/nxt/gateway.dll/california/administrative/chapter41aresidentialunitconversionandde ? f=templates fn=default.htm 3.0 vid=amlegal sanfrancisco_ca anc=jd_41a.5 neighbors and nonprofits can complain and sue for injunctive and monetary relief to make the person stop the violation .
the city can also sue egregious violators for civil penalties .
in contrast under prop f neighbors and nonprofits will also receive private civil penalties of 250– 1000 per violation per day and can sue despite any punishment the city has already imposed .
this means it will be profitable to pursue even minor violations of the law .
perversely prop f also encourages neighbors to not complain for up to a year to maximize profit so that the penalties accrue before asking the violator to stop .
oh and once they collect a few thousand dollars from you your neighbor can encourage all your other neighbors to sue you to collect thousands more for the same offense .
here are some minor violations of the law that neighbors will be able to sue over for profit under prop f. this will catch people who do n't even use airbnb and do not even regularly rent out their apartment .
asking on craigslist or facebook if anyone wants to sublet your apartment when you are temporarily away without including a registration number
operating a mailing list or bulletin board on which someone advertises a temporary sublet without registration number
renting out an apartment for fewer than 30 days without first registering with the planning department
but by encouraging for-profit lawsuits it will end up hurting first-time offenders who do not regularly rent out their apartments and who were not even aware of the law .
this level is a fairly long puzzle/metroidvania course in the smb3 ghost house .
no enemy spamming or instant death traps of any kind i 've hidden three 1 ups and and secret shortcut to add some replay value !
i could hear the mario 64 slide music during this gif..
if you want to learn some c and see how freaking complicated game code is ... let me know and ill help you get setup .
lots of folks have come and gone and come back so there is no pressure there .
you can work in your own area fairly safely and when you have whatever item you are working on pretty solid it can be merged into the main code .
a lot of the bugs we are currently fighting are hard if fairly minor .
i have had the game running with 6000 ships in it although in most cases it will start to fall over by 2000 .
previous the ai was limited to about 150 warships for any empire .
a global limiter was put in place so that combined they could not have more than x .
thats not really needed any longer as the economy is set in such a way that the ai ca n't really hit that many ships .
but playing the game on brutal with max extra planets it can get enough resources to do it .
i have a bunch of screen shots and videos available although its hard to keep them up to date as things change a lot .
but again my goal was to try and keep the game as close to vanilla as we could .
its strange i know but i dont like mods generally .
i want the game as it was designed in most cases .
but mods that enhance the basic function of a game i like that and thats what i tried to have happen .
there are changes in some places that do things differently .
like ... taxes are now solely based on population and not production .
we have a facebook page and a twitter account that autopost new builds and code changes .
plus screen shots from steam and videos and whatnot .
i am using zappier to relay the bitbucket rss feed to facebook and then facebook to twitter .
indiedb has the twitter feed in it as well .
there are still some bugs which make my teeth grind .
one of the guys replaced the whole fire process .
the ships no longer need a target to fire .
i added to this a need to have control and experience levels to fully utilize this .
i rebuilt the whole ship tech picking process and then used some stuff another guy did in it to create this ship tech picking system that walks the tech tree and chooses the best ship and the shortest path to get to it .
basically allowing the ai to line focus techs and allow it to change the way it does this based on the library of ships it has available .
i also rebuilt the rebuild of the fire code to use .net multi threading and made the invisible combat more like the physical combat .
pd weapons and weapons that can be hit by pd dont use invisible combat .
you dont want to know what invisible combat was like previous .
there are some new options available for the game mode as well .
no new galaxy formations but the late game ai federation can be turned off .
the win mode can be changed to allow taking of a capital to kill an empire .
the sound control fully works and warp and troop launches volume is reduced .
we rebuilt the way the ai builds ships a few times .
so the ai will have a more diverse fleet .
those pile of ai troop ships that would just sit there and let you kill them real slow ... wont just sit there any more .
rebuilt the defense code a few times as well .
the ai is much better at protecting its planets with troops and will build defensive structures .
the freighter code has been rebuilt a bunch of times .
unfortunately there is really only st sa that uses these .
being able to swtich beteen mods in game is nice too .
i put together a mod super pack with a bunch of mods in it that uses a self extracting exe and puts them all in the right place .
could only have one mod installed at a time and they screwed up the regular game files ... total bitch .
add mod info stuff too so you can see the author and click a link to go to the mods page .
really a shame that all that stuff is kinda pointless as blackbox is pretty much the only mod in development at the moment .
i am going to rebuild the mod pack when we release the next monthly stable i think .
fixed the troop graphic so each race properly invades with its troop icon .
the attack ai i have worked on but it isnt much different than it was yet .
want to get in on that start making a better global military ai for each race .
changed the way the different personalities effect the way they colonize .
like honorable races should not colonize in other peoples space .
just put a bunch of time into reworking the governors .
and if the ai isnt building something you want them to you can always add buildings to the queue .
i need to make a building restrictor as well to make the ai not build .
my goal is have the game running ok with 2000 ships and im close .
i have a plan to purge out ship designs that the ai wont use .
i already added in some stuff to purge all the designs of defeated empires .
going to add a game option to start the game with no designs for the player .
my testing says that purging just defeated or not used empires was saving 500mb .
previous if you played with 3 empires the game still loaded all ship designs and they just kinda sat there sucking up valuable ram doing nothing .
i 'm assuming the others are the public events where you defend the warsat .
my 'aim ' in bo3 beta was better with x360 pad than with kb+m because of it .
might have been shitty input implementation that makes the mouse in bo3 feel odd though
pisses me off how he doesnt know how kneepads work
regarding woman who raped a 11 year old boy she 's the real victim here ! ''
males ca n't be raped because sex for a male good job ! ''
in reply to mouthjob on babysitter who had sex with boy 11 escapes jail after dad says it 's a ‘notch on his belt ' '' http www.reddit.com/r/nottheonion/comments/3nl7lv
her lawyer rob ross said hatt was an immature and troubled woman having spent two years in hospital with leukemia as a child .
unless metal archives is brought up the argument writes itself .
nice bracelet is your boyfriend gon na give you a 'pearl necklace ' next ?
paki jets flying in a bombing air bases in ambala ?
richie and sen from kids on the slope http myanimelist.net/anime/12531/sakamichi_no_apollon .
edit masagoto and kawoshin go beyond bromance guys lets be real here .
he fucked something up and is trying to screw you .
i used to live in loganville and work off old national parkway on the west side of the atlanta airport .
i racked up about a month of time every year sitting in traffic till one day i completely lost my shit .
i now live in colorado and bike walk 2 miles for work each way thru beautiful open space parks .
i can never go back to dealing with that atlanta traffic .
the song they play on 3:10 sounds like one thing !
thanks for reminding me to remove the lint in my dryer .
yea i installed classic start never used the full screen start again .
with that one major gripe out of the way win8 was faster more stable and and a little nicer to use than 7 .
i 've had some performance issues since upgrading to 10 making me wish for 8 back again although i missed my 30 day revert window thankfully the last few patches seem to have fixed the problems
it actually says in the recording played at the beginning of every episode of serial this is a global tel-link call from adnan syed '' that recording the call is against the terms of service .
i mean congress is basically controlled by republicans so they 'd probably pass any law trump puts forward or however that works .
i think if he wins we 'll have toupee .
i leave about 4 hours from there and you have so many more options
can you tell us the best+worst+funniest experience you 've each had ?
split the best worst and funniest among yourselves please !
i remember fondly my first time refilling my pen with a converter .
it was a pilot kakuno with a newly purchased con-20 .
magnets sound like more fun but probably clear plastic if we get them at all .
it might look kind of cool if the plastic is jointed allowing the fingers to move .
however would you call the way server smash is done now the most elegant solution '' ?
it would seem to that having the server smash option built into the launcher that specifically allowed players to keep their character names outfit tags and even their current inventory would be a far better option .
in fact it would make server smash far more interesting for an e-sport point of view since spectators would actually see player names .
and i think it goes without saying but i 'll say it anyway such a solution to server smash would have to be in place first before any anti-smurf measures were put in place .
and i say if an anti-cheat misses a cheater it has failed . ''
again i will say it it is not the high skill play that is the problem it is the lack of history which makes the account look suspicious .
truly new players do n't go on wild high kmp killing sprees right out of the gate .
on the other hand when a high skill vet player goes out of their way to make themselves look like a brand new player and goes off on a wild tear even if they are legit they still look like a cheater to everyone around them .
this is pretty much how i 've done csgo missions which have the same concept .
buy mission sell crates make more money than you spent on missions spend money on unboxing crates become poor again .
it has a nice contrast with your tanned skin .
twist that small child was actually you and you are watching yourself break from reality .
anyone you show this to will recognize that you just dressed yourself in a diaper and carried on a conversation voicing both the dad and the little girl .
no one will say anything because they do n't want to look like they do n't get the joke instead they will all talk behind your back about how uncomfortable they get hanging out with you .
you will continue painting your barbies and making videos that you will post to fb which will be liked by your great grandma who is also you .
you are shitfaced and you left a pizza in the oven .
no matter how much things change they always stay the same .
thought username was jesus loves food in which case username checks out
i got a copy of windows 7 you can have for 80 or a xp for 40 i think irts xp cant remember
it 's nothing '' is a lot quicker than it 's something small and insignificant and i 'm going to get over it soon . ''
in other news the pope will lean heavily on his wearing a hat in the woods .
i think wet bathroom and mold mildew and fungus immediately come to mind .
yes i 'd like a side of fungal pneumonia with my bathroom please . ''
wipe to orbit adds nothing to the difficulty of the strike it merely adds to the frustration of failing the strike .
one could argue that because the stakes are higher it forces players to play like a team to win but that would happen anyway due to the difficulty and it had the unfortunate side effect of further encouraging cheese methods for the low meet risk approach .
would you like me to explain the joke as well ?
i had my goal to reach 4 digit then it was top 100 sweden now i guess i want top 50 sweden or maybe 3 digit .
i feel so dumb going what is a lumpy space princess costume .
then i read further ... lsp fleece hats ? !
i guess i 'm opening up google because it 's time to stay cool and hip .
i 'm a newbie around here still trying to get to know you all .
1-800-i-feel-ok was one of the first viral marketing campaigns that i really remember .
i was a freshman in high school and we were all going mad trying to find the stuff so we could buy it .
then finally we managed to get our hands on a 6-pack and it tasted like a banana that had been cradled in satan 's sweaty asscrack .
did n't stop us from calling the 800 number from the payphone at school though .
whenever i hear my dad pull up and come inside i still go over and give him a big hug .
i 'm sure plenty of people still enjoy kane but he 's been around almost 2 decades and ca n't put a good singles match on anymore .
he should n't be anywhere near the top title in 2015 .
i too find myself laying in bed at night thinking about tomorrow or the past which keeps me up at night .
i am sure things will get better for you though if you follow through with taking charge in your social life .
it 's just a matter of doing it all i can think of is shia now though that video is actually really motivational for me at least .
glad to hear there is another fan of long walks !
i know that it 's hard to get over someone especially if they are with a good friend been there and it sucks but i hope that things go well with the new interest !
it may be some sort of slang i 'm unaware of but it is out of place in my opinion .
is there more to the message that 's missing ?
i think that most of the people who adhere to these views are high schoolers or college freshmen who think it makes them seem intelligent or above the common masses to view the world as it 's described in the driest of scientific papers if those scientific papers contained completely incorrect conclusions about human behavior and cognition and the world in general .
it 's pretty clear upon reading shit like this with the remotest grasp of philosophy psychology or the social sciences that it comes from somebody with very little education or observation skills lol on human behavior and cognition so they hopefully grow out of it once they take a few relevant classes or lose their teenage edge .
the plug slot might be small but the plugs all seem to have a hefty bezel for lack of a better word on the connectors .
they probably ca n't put them too close to together .
a desire for power a feeling of helplessness lack of education brainwashing by those in power who wish to use them a desire for control of others any number of factors .
blair waldorf is still in love with chuck bass even though she is engaged to louis grimaldi .
server wipe is the best time to play rust at the moment .
few days later it starts getting repetitive and boring .
the most improved player in my opinion is zooma he started out as an snd kid and now hes on the arguably the best team in the game all in 2 years thats if were talking about cod career .
replace zooma '' with formal '' and snd kid '' with halo kid '' and there is an even bigger statement
how come even with the tax break a tesla s costs so much more than it does in america ?
i have a mac pro and a 13 '' retina macbook pro i was hoping the ipad pro would be a full fledge os x tablet .
we all know that did n't come true so after doing my research i ordered a surface pro 4 the ability to have the performance and flexibility of a full os appealed to me .
ios is great on my iphone but its far too limited for my needs on a tablet .
most read all my house is apple based i 'm a apple fan but they really have failed to go the direction i was hoping they would .
ms has stepped up their game while you wo n't see me being a full convert anytime soon sorry all 200 windows phone users i was impressed enough to buy a surface over a new mbp .
oh and muslims from kerala are telling people to go ahead and organise pork festival pig is not our mother eat it all you want ''
it means she wo n't make her school career living plans around you and your relationship if you are n't certain that you will be a permanent fixture in her life which getting engaged would be the symbol of in her head .
she does n't want to attend a lesser school in area she wo n't like as much for a boyfriend who might be in her life just temporarily again in her head .
from your posts though it 's pretty clear you are n't ready to get engaged and do n't want to be engaged to her at least for now so that 's your answer .
there are n't many bigger mistake you could make than getting married in those circumstances .
this is probably true.. that leaves us ... . here ... . hi ... sup
i 'd argue that while cole phelps is the main character in l.a. noire jack kelso is the hero of the story .
until recently you could just deposit it at the local hsbc ...
now maybe buy expensive jewels and put them on your carry on .
this is what i 'm used to seeing as well .
otherwise i 'm going to try to hit the ball .
emote is useless due to how fast this game is .
by the time you press it the chance is gone .
hell the centering one is the same never time to actually use it while centering .
you lose a lot of healing productivity when you spend all day using the face book .
a lot of moneyed interests want there to be violence directed against israel .
from '48-'67 there were no settlements but there was n't any peace either .
and its not wrong to build on your own land .
learn some networking skills and/or get better networking gear .
any problems i 've had in the past could mostly be chalked up to lack of knowledge and/or crappy gear .
well if i ever needed a strong motivation to move forward this is definitely it !
a little context my guy friend got me into lifting with him a lot this summer .
so once in a while he used to send pics of himself shirtless to me to show his progress '' gains '' .
i usually was just like oh okay '' in them to be honest haha i never really thought anything of it .
but he has a girlfriend now and does n't send them anymore .
plus i do n't think he was sending any of them to his guy friends who were into lifting so lol
do it again queens of the stone age 0:56 to 1:20 https youtu.be/pjqyzg4slbk ? t=56s
my issue is that eu laws prevent me from making the decision to give up a right '' that it provides .
let 's say i wanted to give a company data it collected on me and promised not to ask it to forget me at some future point .
this means i need to offer the company something else .
simply put if you ca n't give something away it 's not yours in the first place .
that and some of us have it ordered on amazon and not paid off yet .
i wo n't be able to pay off my copy 'til a week in advance
he has pudge flair i am pretty sure he can make it happen .
i 'd like to take this moment to remind you that you have every reason to believe that things will feel better even if it 's just getting back to regular baseline depressed dysphoria .
if it 's tough to ride things out keep fighting keep asking everyone you can think of for help .
it 's not okay for someone to suddenly take you off ads because that can cause a sharp and sudden worsening of mood .
definitely tell a trustworthy adult like a therapist or teacher .
please do n't think this is a drastic thing to do .
the thing about adults is that no they 're not going to punish your father very much at all just tell him he ca n't do that .
you could sub bardock for tao as that makes it coward link too lol .
i get excited when i get to have real conversations and sometimes trick myself into making people more than they are .
i used to be really really bad about this with women fell in love way too easy
dude was definitely a wise older guy and he seemed to really enjoy the connection too the whole night was weird though like dream like in a way .
i was pretty hammered but i normally remember more details than i did on this occasion .
i 've had more deep conversations there than any other place .
it 's frequented by retirement aged men avoiding their wives .
so much life experience in that place on any given night .
try employed individual who does n't waste time playing videogames and watching other people play them on youtube .
it 's about time that he paid it back .
cool theory but it would have to be something doable or an equal equivalent on the other systems i assume .
i can not come to the agreement that a clump of cells for instance is a human being .
considering that you yourself is a clump of cells that 's a bad argument .
but you wo n't give them the tax benefits and legal benefits they deserve .
the northeast state 's representatives have passed progressive lgbt laws that our citizens voted us in to enact .
i do n't think all of your citizens would agree with this especially considering the potential implications including transfer of criminals across state lines as well as any other service that they might previously have sought in western state and have been subsidized for that they must now go elsewhere for .
joins are the primary way of relating data in one table to data in another table .
in your examples you have where works.wrklocation location which is interpreted as an implicit join .
the at on the right is a 3x3 square ca n't fit 2 bombs .
the sw wizard tower only has a 2x2 space .
the ne wizard tower has a 2x2 space on either side of it hardly worth calling a dgb .
so the only 2 potential dgb spots are byt eh nw wizard tower and in the middle .
i 'm gon na take a very educated guess that you have never seen an auroch skeleton .
do you respawn or are you kicked back to the lobby like in wot and wt ?
iirc way back in the ctd and wtac days before the merger ... ..anybody remember rodale ''
this is what im gon na do ... ..because i dont have any friends .
john feinstein even wrote a book about this moment called the punch one night two lives and the fight that changed basketball forever . ''
my money is on we 'll find some russian selfies in syria in about 2-3 months or less .
the flows are so in depth and strong in your songs it 's crazy dope !
look forward to an australia tour bromie i hope you and prehistoric can make it out here soon !
you probably should n't use ahk if it makes you scared .
it does n't matter which carrier you 're on as long as it 's the right model .
the updates are only approved by the original carrier but are deployed by motorola .
even if you do n't have a sim but are connected to wifi you 'd get the update when it 's available for your specific model .
so i 'm starting to plan out who i 'm going to level up first for orbfest and i plan on running the mage meta quite often once i can snag the summoner rm and get some decent hones on the 4 spells and make a few summons .
she seems rather useful to toss a breakdown and ja spell on .
i already have vivi at 60 and rinoa at 50 but i missed her mc but her relic makes her hit hard even at 50 .
and i have a few of the white mage/summoner at 50 so i can switch any of them around for rs and stuff .
ive missed a few characters over the past few months .
i have to quit my set sometimes for fear of a charlie horse mid rep .
it 's giving people an exact reference point to compare calls though .
if the calls were going the same both ways but not sticking to what k-zone says you 'd see a lot less complaining .
i 'm in canada as well and we have a school trooper it just has a different name .
it 's just a police deputy who hangs out in case someone gets stabbed or something .
i also go to a ghetto school so that might have something to do with it .
i would n't be surprised it it hit 1k at least for the first few days .
the last jordan retro collab fragment x jordan 1s went for like 1.2k and supreme is probably the most hyped brand jordan brand could ever collab with .
we 've always had them in tampa which is a lot less southern than northern florida .
and they 're just called a sausage egg and cheese biscuit '' or whatever combo of protein not a mcbiscuit .
until now i did n't realize they were not available throughout the country because who eats at mcdonald 's on vacation or business travel ?
breakfast biscuits are just about the only thing i can stomach at mcd 's .
the math for calculating asteroid trajectory spanning multiple solar systems ?
that 's an n-body problem where you need to know the paths of the other n-1 bodies spawning n-1 n-body problems that must all be solved simultaneously .
it 's incredibly complicated especially if you care about accuracy in the distant future .
i was very surprised to have scrolled this far down to find this question .
when the abuse victim is deliberately choosing to protect their abuser it 's time for a dose of reality .
you keep insisting she 's the victim yet she certainly does n't seem to want any help .
here she is in the year 2050 https junemearsdriedger.files.wordpress.com/2011/07/tammy_faye.jpg in a moment of bitter sweet recollection of her father .
i do n't think so i saw the color change after scrolling .
when i scrolled down to the pic it was white and gold if i scrolled up to it it was blue and black .
i 've seen stuff like that happen multiple times .
they 're always faking because if i keep going through i 'll see them start to play the same act again
the alterations to the uniforms the additions and subtractions to the bridge crew and the general tone of the series will generally follow a more sensible progression .
the episodes were originally aired out-of-order and the jarring changes from one episode to the next would seem odd and capricious .
just got out of the shower ... bad times .
i got it on my ears somehow but at least i avoided my pecker .
if you do n't shit on the ground and leave dirty needles around you 're welcome to live by us !
i 'd rather have you taking up that parking spot instead of a couple of meth heads screaming at each other all night .
regardless of where he goes barry allen is a five minute jog away .
the thing is either he 's telling him where he 's going in which case barry can go there at any time or he 's not which is real big dick move .
or barry the guy who spends everyday risking his life ?
it 's still very possible to live around barry but give him his space .
barry probably wants to make up with lost time with his father as well .
he doesnt want to be flash 24/7 or then he wouldnt be able to have friendships or a relationship .
what 's wrong with barry having another father along with joe ?
take solace in the fact that all these people know how great yyh is
i competed in nationals did n't win but competed none the less .
your teacher may know the guidelines but talk to your prospective colleges before writing it off .
mine was straight forward and got around 4.5k good luck !
dlc1 gives you more strikes another raid more story missions
dlc 2 gives you more strikes prison of elders trials of osiris more story missions
dlc3 ttk gives you more guns gear strikes story missions weapons a new raid access to end game content like nightfall iron banner trials and more .
at this point you are better off just saving to buy ttk legendary edition .
sure you can still play some of the vanilla content ie vault of glass raid but thats about it .
the powerless son who 's only story in the comics involves him taking over hydra after his fathers aparent death only for his maybe spoilers father to return murder his own son and reclaim control .
you have been pm 'd the instructions for continuing the game .
pretty much every player that is n't peyton brady brees and woodson .
those are the only 4 absolute locks right now if everyone retired today .
why would one take the time to read the article defending neymar when one could take the time to whine about how one guesses that the article is attacking neymar ?
ive felt its better to get needlessly rod first because its a loot of power you need and you wont get bursted so early since rilays is great first item kn
i still think people are free to dislike the content we get .
the idea of us still getting content is something to praise but the content is n't always good or can be underwhelming .
as long as you do n't film the wrong thing or weibo an unacceptable thought
my ex from quite some time ago gave her own brother a blow job while she was dating her fiance .
i am fairly certain he would leave her if he found out that she blew her own brother .
if you do everything you can and he still checks out then you deserve better .
you may consider it average but i believe the average is 100 .
at least they are n't transporting the sewage across the atlantic .
i mean the st lawrence river does end up in the north atlantic .
i keep thinking if i hold him ill have a beast late season but at this point i need to focus on getting there first .
there 's never been a single mention of any possible character flaws and then this comes outta nowhere .
i 'm gon na go watch that video of miko getting arrested on the pavement to make me feel better .
even if you may not be able to own a whole station and someday maybe you could you would probably be able to own real estate on a station .
both rental hangar space as well as storefronts etc .
its funny too because i really think lmgs and sidearms have become more relevant since 2.0 .
rockets are n't as great and shotguns are n't the powerhouses they sued to be .
if only you were carrying a cycler rifle with you .
god will someone publish a pysch analysis on this guy ?
i do n't think the family is white exactly .
they allowed themselves to possibly '' determine the game on one play .
i would n't stuff mine with books or ipads/laptops since it would make it too heavy but light work needs/water bottle/chargers scarf etc .
and lynch should be back soon and when hes there the offense revolves around him .
forsett has been inconsistent and with lewis you never know when it 's blounts day
there is literally 1 sentence that says it is safer to enter the country legally .
then it goes on to give you tips on what to do if you 're going to come illegally .
so i 'm going to say the original article gives the right idea .
it looks like it should be a character in rick and morty d
if the plea deal is for the maximum sentence and the judge is going to do the same thing then there is nothing to lose by going to trial .
i do n't think you understand how economics works .
he would not want to sell it for less than 2 .
therefore it has 2 worth because there is a man who values it as such .
perhaps after time it will lose value to him maybe he sees a better one maybe this one gets damaged etc .
but right now there is a man who values it at 2 and therefore that 's the price of the item .
my brother and i picked it up after seeing how similar to smash bros. it is .
we are both avid smashers i have to say that i was drawn to kragg as a main because he seems the easiest to learn but enough tricks and utility up his sleeves to be a real contender .
they ca n't say anything about the situation so you can truthfully answer yes i was fired for a mix-up that i took responsibility for .
it taught me to double check everything going into the machine regardless of the situation . ''
completely turns it into a lesson learned and a positive point as long as you follow through on that .
advise is the verb of giving advice advice is the noun which would be provided .
1st of all it isnt a rod of tahuti .
her 1 does not fill her entire passive bar .
and you have to stack it it is not a permanent chronos 4 .
chronos also has a fatalis effect in his kit and is not broken so therefore that is not valid to use as a reason for being op .
her slow is not as strong as ah puch and it scales too .
her stun can only be used defensively which is rare for her sol plus everyone knows her 3 is bloated and i agree .
you are exaggerating to prove your point not okay .
1 take 10 days off regular injuries are no good
sl is no longer working for you move on .
it was also a giant fuck you '' to their users .
i get that but i hate saying i 'm vegan for the environment . ''
i like to say it the way i phrased it to make it noted that veganism is for the animals .
do what you want im sure plenty of deals will be around for 350 with a couple games
my buddy did that n beta right after he got enough cards to make an all gold deck .
and if he renounces pakistani citizenship the instant he 's charged with a crime ?
and so will every other thinking wannabe-terrorist before committing their crime .
and then the only people under threat from this legislation will be law-abiding multiple-citizenship holders .
i found some new sites you guys ai n't found too .
i 'm just not very busy at work today .
i had a friend die by tboning an suv had another friend get super fucked up by tboning a mini van and yet another friend get super fucked up tboning a car .
shits serious any time a bike hits another vehicle .
they may have and it 's not in the files or may have found something and had nothing to report .
there is no evidence against takera and all evidence against syed so i 'm not sure where this is relevant .
that sort of historical championship stuff is so interesting .
reading that also just reminded me of a thought i 'd had when i considered calculating a hockey challenge trophy make it playoffs-style ie best of seven .
so the trophy only changes hands if a team beats the holders in 4 out of 7 consecutive games and if the incumbent still holds it after those 7 games the playoff game '' record between the two teams resets to 0-0 and the challenge begins again .
the trophy would change hands a lot more infrequently then but it would also be a hell of a lot more difficult to determine who holds it ... plus the playoff style thing is pretty much totally arbitrary .
i took school/work off for halo 3 odst reach and 4 but i unfortunately ca n't afford to miss the classes i have on the 27th .
i do plan on cracking down the week before with assignments to minimize any other obligation i have that week though so i can afford the 3 hours of class and still play a crapload .
i get what you 're saying but you 're not allowing for the fact that some people do n't want help and that you should not help them unless asked .
i know you feel like it 's your duty to find a way to break through this woman 's issues and blockades and be her white knight but that 's what i 'm trying to tell you you should not .
you 're intruding into a private area of her life and she broke up with you .
i do n't know how much more clearly i can state that .
so having reiterated the same advice over and over either you 'll choose to hear it and let this girl deal with her demons alone or you 'll try to force your way in .
i do n't know what happens in the latter scenario but based on what you 've said so far it 's not what she wants you to do .
i actually like the dub for digimon season 1-4 .
could n't get over how the digimon kept changing their digivolved versions .
hell forge still has n't updated to 1.8.8 though i think that is coming soon .
even if all the modders were to jump in right now it would still be 6 or more months before everything stabilized enough for packs like infinity and such to exist and realistically i 'd say more like 9 months to a year .
by that time 1.9 is certain to be here rendering 1.8 mods more or less irrelevant .
by the way i have a ruger lcp and i 'm glad to know i have one of the newer models without the drop-fire feature .
i 'd hate to have one of the older ones and find out after carrying it around for months or years that it had that problem .
because someone that gets a parking ticket will say i was n't driving it that day .
my mysterious canadian girlfriend was in town and borrowed the car . ''
tickets are held against the car and the car owner .
if he does n't pay the ticket the car gets impounded .
no id is need to write a ticket against a car .
it is a parking ticket not a moving violation .
i agree that it 's not good if everyone downvotes you for pointing out bugs .
i got downvoted earlier today because i quoted huey .
would she be ok knowing her daughter kept this overpayment and is going to use it for her extravagant vacation ?
thing is he was in control of his ghoul powers up till he saw nishio 's face .
he scolds urie for a lot more than simply losing control .
they have a sister hostel down the street and co-ran a bbq when i was there for songkran .
the boof is in the pudding ... '' kind of has a different meaning now huh .
you have no idea what you are doing and you need us to keep you focused whether you like it or not .
allow me to give you the perspective of someone that has managed a multi-lingual team in a contact centre emails but the same principle
this entire issue is an absolute nightmare on all three sides of the fence .
they feel excluded and can easily get paranoid if they say/do something and then you guys have an innocent conversation ending in a laugh that they ca n't understand .
yes you probably were talking about something entirely unrelated and did n't even notice the item the non-speaker is now feeling insecure about but that 's the feeling .
i 'm sure they are all telling you it 's fine .
because members of staff are n't expected to solve issues like this themselves .
they bring it up in 1-2-1s or in private chats with the rider 'i do n't want to sound like i 'm complaining but ... . '
the above does n't even need to be with your specific language .
there could 've been an issue like this raised about a group of german speakers but you ca n't tell the german speakers they have to speak english but let the french speakers continue talking in french .
it 's proven people are more comfortable around people with similar traits be that race nationality linguistics or just supporting the same football team .
within that people display their common traits to build bonds .
guess what the strongest bond in the linguistic area is ... .
it can be more comfortable speaking your mother tongue it 's also more natural if you 're employed to talk to clients in that language you 'd literally be speaking that language all day to clients but then expected to go back to english when not on the phone .
it 's obviously natural to stay in one language when everyone you 're speaking to understands that language
the sucker in the middle getting hassle from all comers i.e .
you have a group of people speaking a language others do n't understand and people in the other group complaining about it on the sly bringing down their morale .
if you 're brought the complaint and do nothing you appear to be taking sides .
the person that complained goes above your head you 're asked why you did n't sort it .
'everyone speaks english now leave me alone to do this piece of work that is n't in my job description but my senior manager wants done '
that 's obviously the worse solution but it happens all the time on so many things managers see as 'minor ' 'you guys can still talk just not in german where 's the problem ? '
if your manager is english and has n't worked in a foreign language dominated environment it can be easy for them to dilute it down to that level incorrectly .
what you need to do is make your manager understand why it 's not a minor issue and display that you 're generally inclusive .
the way to do that is make sure everyone is seen to be integrated and is one big happy team .
what you do n't want to do is turn it into a conflict between language speakers and non language speakers because a you wo n't win see 'easy solution ' above and b you look like the ones causing an issue .
you also want to make sure your co-workers do feel included .
are there days one person does n't speak the language is near you and is accidentally excluded from any chat because you 've not noticed and fallen into your native tongue ?
that 's going to cause issues as innocent as it is .
with that said your particular manager is n't helping the situation
'situtation at work started escalating to the point that my friend was told he is going to have disciplinary meeting for not following new rule because he is saying hi to us in our language. '
this is either ridiculous or you have n't been availed of the full facts .
if your version of events is correct hr wo n't even allow him to hold a disciplinary hearing on those grounds so do n't worry about it .
doing stuff like this is obviously going to cause resentment and lead to your group pushing back which again turns it into 'us v them '
as above you need one of you not a group as suggested elsewhere it will seem confrontational and they will dig their heels in to have an informal chat with your manager to put the points above across .
especially the underlying behind you talking in your native tongue .
youll be fine if youre just watching netflix and playing movies ... go with a pentium and 4 gigs of ram ... as long as youre not streaming movies from this htpc to another pc you wont notice a difference .
anniversary posts should be self posts with some substance to them .
for these guys it 's not the physical pain of doing it it 's the getting called out to do something menial because of your fuckup in front of your teammates .
it 's embarrassing to be punished like a child so guys will try not to be put on the spot .
could be suburbia from 1983 although there were n't a lot of recognizable names in it .
there was another one about l.a. street kids with will smith dermot mulroney james legros and lara flynn boyle that came out in 1991 .
what the fuck is it with people with deep fucking voices and my voice is as high as the fucking traveler ?
gotcha i guess you got ta be a little extra careful to combo off in case they have spot removal because of the investment it takes ?
fifty bucks is still a lot of money to sit around and circle jerk about fat activism .
i went to see 'the martian ' last week ... disappointed that no one was nick-named 'marvin ' but other than that it was a really solid flick .
thats because hes lookibg for an end game build not some thrown together nonsense created only because of lack of better options
or at least a battery that was larger but not enormous .
a 4000 mah battery with a slightly bigger back would be amazing .
samsung put out an official 3000 mah battery for the s3 a few years ago 2100 stock and that got me 7.5-8 hours sot on a charge .
between gore and forsett somebody has got to step it up .
in gore 's defense he would have had a solid week 2 4 if you take away those uncharacteristic goal line fumbles and replace them with td 's .
i think i agree with you that i need to hold .
arcana genteel cuddly sexy smells like eating something with toasted anise seed while wearing a beige cashmere blanket with hints of expensive perfume clinging to it
alkemia trick or treat super wicked surprising blend of orange peel licorice nutty and woodsy notes .
it 's dark but zesty and sort of wicked but playful .
for a fresher anise smell i love ohwto absynthe .
it 's an essential oil blend which i usually hate but this is so great and long lasting and it 's a wonderful mix of lemongrass peppermint and fresh leafy anise .
smells like a really zesty strong cup of herbal tea heavy on the anise it 's a very green smell and one of the only green '' perfumes i like .
yeah those dumb nerds commenting of technology and shit .
if it were that amount of spiders i might be a little uncomfortable but it 's crabs which are like adorable clumsy slow motion spiders .
demotions are trick though we have had member sin the past get pissed and ultimately leaving .
go to the in-game options menu and turn purity mode on .
your absolutely correct that is what your code does .
every time you while fgetc dict ! eof you move the file pointer one character then when you fgets new_node word length+2 dict the words are missing the first letter hello '' becomes ello ''
maybe look into using feof the_file_ptr in your while statement
i 'm not saying she should be expected to do everything she 's done in the past but he makes it sound like she was totally unwilling to explore things with him .
which again would be a deal breaker for me no matter what but it would hurt that much more knowing her past .
so close but might as well be a million miles away
only reason i classify it as above average was because of some aspects of the story .
tbh average was the first word that came to mind .
third if applicable what are some good resources gemara for idiots '' sort of thing shiurim online how does one even begin to do that on one 's own ?
check up the shuls one is bound to have a gamara shiur .
if she 'd prefer on her own the artscroll translation of the talmud is very good and i 've seen it in a couple library .
there are classes online i do n't know any geared toward beginners of hand .
some people might prefer specially as a beginner to learn one on one with someone with some background who can guide them though how to approach the subjects and can guide them to be able to learn on their own .
if the person is in the nyc area i would n't mind setting up a chavrusah study partnership ?
it was on a separate piece of paper when i got the card which i of course could n't find when i needed it but i did a quick search and was able to find the documentation https www08.wellsfargomedia.com/assets/pdf/personal/credit-cards/cppguidebenefits.pdf on their website along with a number to call .
basically there is a 25 deductible and up to 600 coverage that you can use up to twice a year .
you also have to notify them within 60 days of damaging your phone .
it 's honestly a very small part of twitch streamers i 've been a lurker for a long while and it may look like they are everywhere but they 're not .
like i mentioned they do n't know who it was or what the operation was they just know that their top people went missing and of course people are suspcious that it might 've been rome somehow .
the other is to advertise the game and a fan service .
how are people in the internet so against ads ?
i only have two left but im going to try this now !
i own a ps3 vita and ps4 played uncharted but did n't enjoy the game .
who are you to tell other people what their wages should be ?
if it is anything like their email no thank you !
a daily email would be fine but i am so close to calling it spam and blocking them .
there is so little information and so much disinformation about responsible drug use .
for a lot of drugs there was been few if any studies done so the wealth of anecdotal reporting on erowid is the best we have for hard research on recreational drug use .
only buy wol or hots if you are interested in playing the story .
if you are just doing multi-player then only buy legacy .
sometimes there are insightful comments there but you have to sift for them .
i could n't find any info on indestructible creatures and her control would i just keep it ?
i sometimes lower one of my rolls to make it a negative and sometimes put a higher stat in a more useless place and both help roleplaying .
in the same position as you my upload speed is only about 50kbps so a regular 20 min video takes almost 6 hours in some cases .
i generally upload my upcoming videos over night they 're generally finished by the time i wake up if i have more then one to do i 'll just leave it going through the day which is a really bummer because uploading makes my dl speed take a bit of a hit .
the handbrake suggestion is good you can certainly get the size down while keeping the quality good just look at movie torrent releases they manage to get good looking video about 1gb per hour .
jesus christ i 'm glad i 'm not going to jail any time soon ...
i myself am very interested in the wii u. og nintendo fan from back in the day .
i hella fell off the big n wagon for the wii launch .
but i too could use a new gpu super torn between which to buy .
ie brianna when she was caught making a thread to harass herself while still logged in as herself .
or posting examples of threats made against gamergate by antis as examples of threats made to herself .
i love how dental insurance covers maybe half a cavity filling per year and that 's it .
and yes this means that you 'll be shoe-horned '' into playing pvp if you want pvp specific rewards .
it took you double time to get the balthazar back piece .
it took me 2,5k hours to advance into 50 of my legendary .
i have to sell mats to get gold to equip my characters and buy food and utilities .
i love all 3 game modes but wvw is a gold sink and pvp does n't give you gold only a chance to get rare mats and skins that are accessible through dungeons .
i 'm not going to demand legendary armour just because i spend most of my time in wvw and pvp that 's just how it is you play a specific type of content and you get a reward associated with it .
women of reddit would you rather be punched in the ovaries or go through child birth ?
girls actually use double sided tape for dresses and other shit like that .
can you tell me something about difficulty level in dfo ?
as you get into higher level stuff ghent and up enemies start hitting hard enough that unless you 're a plate/heavy armor class you 'll have a bad time if you 're taking hits left and right .
then you get into ancient dungeons and otherverse at endgame which can have fairly complex mechanics that will straight-up murder you if you do n't execute them properly .
also i read that fatigue system is very limiting ... it is true ?
depends on how much you consider to be very '' limiting .
your fatigue will probably last for around two hours of gameplay and when it runs out you wo n't be able to run any more dungeons .
you can buy potions to restore it or subscribe which increases the amount of fatigue you get each day but the game does n't really expect or require you to do that .
it mostly serves as a way to gate players away from grinding .
because sadly leveling does become fairly grindy later on .
the game is very alt-friendly though so you can always make another character who will have their own separate fatigue bar .
you can even call in your characters to assist each other in dungeons and you get bonus stats for leveling alts .
i 'm seriously excited to go home and swatch that gorgeous palette again .
curiosity had me check ebay and someone is trying to sell theirs for 165 .
i went to a house show around that time and was very excited about the mcmg vs beer money match but shelly was injured .
i got to see sabin solo in a triple threat match though and beer money against a team of magnus and the other british guy ... douglas something ?
anyway they had their union jack tights on which made them de facto heels here in ireland .
i took some pretty ok photos that night actually must dig them out and post them here at some stage .
2 god 's truth is the most important thing .
it 's better than making yourself comfortable by thinking proof '' gives you control .
because adults still work to an extent according to his personal experience .
that and he deems the adults to be guilty of a crime of treating people like shit '' .
he killed that woman because she did n't mention the sweet deal on chocolate bars .
yes but the insurance company is paid for by the tax payers ...
if this was coming from the officers bank account it would tell other cops that you should watch what they do or they could be financially responsible .
aka make sure you follow the letter of the law you enforce or be subject to repercussion .
you seem to have a lot of faith in people telling the truth over the internet .
it 's almost like guilty people would n't lie to gain sympathy .
thanks to everyone that helped me identify this guy just needed to know how to look after him properly .
he was in a really small tank for his size safe to say he is doing much better now
gotto agree with u/sllikkills the arctic monkeys lyrics were really great !
if he has n't acted in this long how 's a big ticket failure going to look ?
i imagine that 's at the forefront of his mind .
as if poots '' was n't ridiculous enough who the hell names their kid imogen '' ?
she 's very pretty though so i guess that made up for it .
are you actually trying to advance the idea that 60 a month is cheap ?
while i agree with almost all of your points .
i love my spaa i drive them out all the time if enemy air is up and i go so far as to actually drive spaa in sb battles .
while they do require skill to be good with they are quite capable of earning you the spawn points for a real tank even if you only use them to hit spam ground targets though that of course gives enemies loads of sp as well because gaijinlogic .
the biggest issue with spaa is that they require a total shift in mentality to do well at their primary role .
you go from being a hunter to being prey .
your objective is to find well-concealed locations from which you can ambush low-flying planes without exposing yourself to incoming ground fire .
as almost every rb game will see enemy air power up you can almost always score enough points for a respawn in spaa the question is merely if you can do so in time or if your spawn will be overrun and camped by the time you do .
same thing happened in colorado a couple years ago when background checks became required for private sales at least in my area sw of denver .
all the dealers i regularly frequented had signs up saying they did n't do background checks for guns they were n't selling themselves .
i 'm sure there were some that would have i just did n't happen across them as i was n't looking .
sears owns a credit card company mastercard i believe .
there 's no way they 're going out of business any time soon .
does n't this just mean that if you have n't gotten all 4 dvalin relics it will not be available but if you have it will stay available .
edit since the dude deleted his comments my response would 've been
if you 've collected the items needed to unlock it the first firewall is in your director today .
if you 've collected the 4 dvalin the missions is available to day .
if it was firewall is in the director today '' it would only be available today .
if you have n't it will return in time .
if you have n't collected all 4 it will not be available even if you collect them tomorrow until some other time .
tl dr sounds like it 'll be available for everyone who unlocked it today forever .
i think i was pretty liberal when i said does n't break my wallet . ''
i 've looked at everything more and i think my best option is to sell my ipad air for 200 wait until i can get a student discount i5 128gb sp4 for 900 and then maybe ask my parents for the type cover or other accessories for christmas .
this nets me a 700 upgrade to sp4 that normally costs 1000 .
i 've wanted a surface pro for a while but wanted to wait until the newest model was out and i could afford it and this seems to be my best interest .
it will replace both my ipad and my older laptop .
there are two places in canada where the two oldest known belts of solid rock on this planet lie the acasta gneiss and the nuvvuagittuq greenstone belt .
i want to sit on these exposed surfaces that have seen the passage of billions of years and just talk .
tell them everything they missed since they went to sleep and tell stories to the oldest solid part of the planet i know exists while the sun goes down .
it 's actually the only item on my bucket list come to think of it .
if i had a job at blizzard i 'd work there until i died ! ''
if your selection criteria is solely based off average pay for a masters right out of college then you will want to be in anything computer science related .
i checked he 'll be in michigan in february !
thanks for the heads up though i probably would n't have found out until wayyyy later .
i 'm still amazed there are people these days who do n't wear their seat belt .
so maybe you wo n't ever want to date a fat person but plenty of people are n't that shallow .
so i started streaming two weeks ago mostly dota2 and i enjoy it a lot .
i want to improve the quality of my stream but i do n't really know how .
currently i have around average 10 viewers and 180ish followers .
i tried to talk and interact with my viewers but sometimes no one really speaks in chat i do n't really know how to encourage people to talk or entertain my viewers .
i try to have a stable schedule so people can know when i will be here .
can you guys give me some advices to improve my stream and maybe attract more viewers ?
i 'm a european in kentucky on a work visa .
i went there to spend more time with the person i 'm dating .
a lot of people are very nice and everything it 's just i 'm a very active super organized person .
just walking around the cities is starting to make me feel bad from looking at people .
there seems to be a huge lack of effort in general .
sometimes just feel like i do n't know what to do with myself .
in regards to the recent news it got me thinking what do you all want to see in cyberpunk 2077 ?
i essentially want witcher 3 third person rich open world experience with great characters and quests in a cyberpunk world guns cybernetics corporations conspiracies mind hacking morality low life high tech etc .
deus ex has the fps genre cornered off shadowrun has the isometric rpg genre cornered off i think it 's time for a real tps aaa cyberpunk game made by competent developers .
also give me your guesses on when it 'll release !
i know i 'm not the only one that will be watching tomorrow 's game via mlb.tv .
test your account tonight when the game is less important to you and make sure it 's all working so you do n't have any last minute surprises .
i know in the us you can only watch the game if you have authorized access '' by linking your mlb.tv account with your cable account not sure how it 's being handled up there though they imply the same set up on the website .
i just tested mine and it 's not working for the chi/pit game right now so i 've got to get it straightened out by 3:37 tomorrow !
do n't wait until the last minute and get shut out by some technical glitch that you can take care of tonight !
are there any bars downtown or in the rochester area that cater to hockey fans ?
i 'm a blackhawks fan so i doubt i 'll find a bar for my team specifically but if you know of any chicago bars too that 'd be helpful .
also i just finished 3.1.6 and it did not unlock 3.2.1 .
it still says i have to complete the chapter to move on .
i in turn did not get the reward for exploring the chapter .
since the patch literally every time i click on anything the game decides to take a 5 minute break .
anyone else having this issue and how do i fix ?
hello people i am giving away a super smash bros wii u lucas code !
i already have lucas and i thought to myself why not give it out to some people who might need it !
please do not say it is for a friend or anybody you will be disqualified .
please up vote so other users can see this post !
update if you enter on the other subreddits you will be disqualified
i 'm having trouble finding the address for my amazon dash button with my raspberry pi .
any help with what this is an how i can go about fixing it would be much appreciated .
like the popular songs on the radio i find i can never sing along with it matching .
so i 'm 27 and concerned about hair loss .
now just at a complete loss what to do .
i have no treatment that can help me at this point there are three choices nizoral minoxidil and fin .
but at the same time do n't know or think i can accept this .
people can claim there is more to life than dating or meeting girls .
but guess what really and truly that is what a lot of things are in life .
why people get jobs dress well style there hair etc.. its not to impress the same sex unless you happen to go that way which is fine too .
i do n't want to be pointed to r/suicidewatch or some other pointless subreddit that just says nice things that are meaningless .
i moved around every two years of my life as an only child so i got held back learning social skills that way .
i have health issues and have no idea what i will do if i ca n't get health insurance i live in the usa so no public insurance .
sure i managed to somehow get a finance job and am working towards a stem '' degree on the side .
also most people meet online now through apps or websites .
wonderful because now people are basing off of looks and not having hair could cause a lot of issues there .
when your biggest worry was a weekend party getting laid and maybe an essay here or there ?
so how about you guys share your ideal favorite college themed roles and we see what works out ... i can be me or if you have an old/current crush let me know i 'm 5'4 big brown eyes longish brown hair with bangs slim 34b often seen with big thick black glasses and so called hipster trash from head to toe .
if that 's your kind of thing then maybe we can chat !
i now have at least 44000000 experience points in the fishing skill .
are you guys ever able to do a transfer burn and end up in an orbit around your target planet without a deceleration burn ?
i have an idea for a job/career where i would be working for myself eek !
i asked the cards what would the outcome be if i pursued this .
i did a 3 card spread and got this 1 emperor 2 hierophant and 3 eight of swords reversed .
it seems to me that it says that i 'd basically be awesome at it and a leader but i wo n't be able to feel as powerful as i am and self-sabatoge .
also whenever i ask about a job opportunity i always get the 2 of swords in the 1 position both upright and reversed .
please know the fight we have a runner we are all 300 light please be so as well ... ..just want to one shot this and be done
i 'm a curvy pervy redhead with a strong submissive streak looking for a long-term daddy to share experiences and stories with .
i find that prompts can be limiting it 's more fun to start talking about something dirty and see where it takes us .
please be older than 30 and available to send messages during the day i love being a good little girl by making you hard while i 'm supposed to be working .
hard limits anything illegal extreme degradation domination where i 'm the dominant one .
come on daddy let me show you just how sweet this little girl can be
what songs artists and/or albums would you suggest to help convert my musically challenged non-edm friends to the be..well enlightented ?
i 've be lurking for the past 2 years literally !
my baby girl or not so baby girl had her 2nd birthday today !
and am so happy to be back with you !
a little of my history i have pcos and went to a re for help getting pregnant the first time .
i needed provera to get a period and then my husband and i got the full infertility work up done all of which was normal other than my pcos high testosterone multiple follicles etc .
our plan was to get started on clomid once i got my next period so when i started bleeding i went and got labs done .
had a totally normal and completely blissful pregnancy and have an adorably exhausting 2 year old now .
went back to my re today because we have n't been having luck getting pregnant on our own for the past few months though i have been ovulating and getting regular periods .
we had another discussion about getting labs done today since i had started bleeding and guess what ?
i guess i just need to walk into an infertility office to get pregnant i know it 's still early but i needed to get this big secret off my chest !
love you all so much and ca n't wait to be part of your club again !
can anyone tell me why i do n't have a sales rank even after 24 hours ?
http www.amazon.com/deans-dirty-secret-inexperienced-professors-ebook/dp/b0169boe2s 3fsubscriptionid 3d1qzmgw0rrjc2px87hdr2 26tag 3dsalranexp-20 26linkcode 3dxm2 26camp 3d2025 26creative 3d165953 26creativeasin 3db0169boe2s
has this cable improved since it was released a couple of years ago ?
the only articles i can find about it are from 2013 complaining about artifacts and it only outputting at a max resolution of 1600x900 .
all fights take place in a back alley in gotham unless otherwise stated
if batman loses then advance him to the next round anyway
r5 vs episode 1 goku db not dbz or dbs
when i first noticed bettas in stores it seemed like the more colourful the betta the better !
these days i am noticing a trend toward more neutral colours browns taupes..
if it is a colour then it 's washed out .
i guess this post is pretty useless except to say that i 've noticed this and am curious if others have noticed this too ?
the alternative is just that neutral betta 's are my preference and that 's why i 'm noticing them .
my xbox one can run it but my dns service is on the 360 .
my short bio first time doing this but seems pretty interesting .
i am a general manager right now and am willing to answer the questions you got for me .
sorry again as i am barely getting familiar with reddit !
my proof should be below if i did it correct !
there is a top level comment for each game as well as a general igc collection discussion .
a trainee scribe at our clinic mentioned today that he 's been accepted into medical school already .
when i asked him if he was early decision he said no .
he then said that he 's been accepted at three different schools now .
i figured the guy might have deferred from a year ago but then he mentioned that he just graduated this past may .
i thought the earliest medical schools could send out acceptances was october 15th ?
proxy factory lift off make widow mine in protoss base .
i dont know if the real name was this but it was code named because some drama .
i do n't see much of a reason why not .
the element of damage the thing does does n't seem to important .
we need some more void in the mix telesto dark drinker and truth which thankfully are both year 2 are the only void exotics which is still a huge improvement from year 1 where there was only one void exotic and it was a heavy .
anybody know of and have any worlds that have a similar concept ?
so it 's been a far too long since i 've made an audio centered about being owned by a 'daddy . '
here 's how i fantasize conveniently finding out the guy i 've been dating just happens to be into the same kinks i am .
as always please comment and let me know what you think ?
edit in case soundgsm is giving anyone else issues http vocaroo.com/i/s0qnmxafaljq
talking to the community as a whole i have a question for all of you .
when you are playing the 100 man mario at what point do you skip a level ?
what qualities have to be in a stage to make you skip it ?
what sort of things make you want to skip a level ?
for me personally if a level kills me upon not moving immediately that 's when i skip a level .
they were both childhood friends and were basically the only people i hung around with for a large portion of my life .
i had no problem with this because atleast i fit in with them .
now we no longer go to the same schools and they grew apart and found new friend groups .
in school i guess you could say i 'm popular '' but really i just floated in and out of different friend groups as i really could n't find any group i fit in with .
i come from sort of a small city/highschool and do n't really have much in common with anyone .
because of this i rarely get invited to anything and ca n't really make plans of my own because no one else has the same interests as me .
i mean honestly as it is i dont mind because atleast i interact with some people during school but especially in summer i get pretty depressed because of this .
how could i go about finding more friends that have similar niche interests like me ?
tl dr have no real friends and am getting depressed because of it and having trouble fitting in at school
for anyone who has the watch is it still worth buying after a year the new one is double the price so i was just wondering if it was actually twice as good ?
i 'm student so price is a major factor but i still want to be able to use the watch for a couple of years .
i was looking through achievements on torcommunity when i noticed the kotfe achievements and decided to have a look..that 's when i found this
this achievement based on the alliance system mentions having to reach rank 20 with all four divisions of your alliance alliance military alliance research underworld logistics and the force enclave .
so it seems like the we will actually be levelling up different parts of our alliance as a whole .
sorry if this has already posted i did n't see it anywhere so i thought i 'd share .
they contain many spoilers including quite a few bits of unreleased information about the story .
i am at dark blade need viod sword psn batl_axe_warrior
would like to upgrade my stuff for some high tier knives so i can play jackpot p
i 'm really not feeling the jft quote for today .
i just started the game and play casually with my son but not sure of a few things .
first did i get the right ships for balanced two player games ?
we have the falcon x-wing starter kihraxz fighter renal aces expansion and tie phantom .
next question are upgrades something we should use in games to start ?
for about the past year i have n't spoken to my mother .
i never discussed it with her or told her why .
i just stopped visiting and emailing i did n't visit or communicate much before that anyway .
our relationship had never been good since she and my father divorced when i was 13 .
i ended up leaving her home to go live with my dad of my own violation .
i get on well with my father and we talk all the time he visits me and will stay for a few days either on his own or with my step-mother .
there are a lot of reasons why i do n't talk to my mother she 's not abusive or violent or a total train wreck like some .
but she is intensely self-involved and always portrays herself as a victim .
as an example one story she has told me multiple times is about how her overnight train journey was delayed on and on about how inconvenient it was and how she did n't get the breakfast she was meant to get in her first-class cabin etc .
if you then ask her why it was delayed she 'll blink and say oh someone threw themselves in front of the train . ''
it 's this kind of insensitivity and self-absorption i ca n't stand .
my brother 41m is one of the people that tolerates her .
more than that he makes incredible efforts to send her expensive gifts he bought her a small house to live in helped her through her third messy divorce has her to stay at his house for long holidays up to two weeks at a time and visits and calls regularly .
he 's a great guy and i respect what he does for her he brings her a lot of joy .
he has a girlfriend 42f who i do n't know really well but meet at family gatherings who is incredibly nice .
she 's a professional with a phd and a demanding job .
everything in their house is perfect lined up clean .
my step-mother will very gently rib her about this and my dad finds it a bit tiresome .
but i think people can have things however they like my brother and her like it their business .
my brother loves her very much they are incredibly happy together .
his girlfriend tolerates my mother on these visits despite the fact that my mother makes her displeasure clear to make my brother happy .
sadly my brother and his so have been trying for a baby for about 5 or 6 years now with no luck .
they got pregnant two years ago but lost the baby in a really traumatic miscarriage on christmas eve while staying at my father 's house right after having announced the pregnancy .
i ca n't imagine how they both feel though my partner and i had to try for around 4 years before getting pregnant .
my brother wept in front of me for the first time .
they have both now sadly acknowledged that it will never happen and my heart hurts for them .
tensions had been building since my mother discovered thanks to some misplaced and messed-up paperwork that she had somehow been left on paper as owner of my father 's business .
this was clearly an error and she knew it and initially acknowledged that .
but of course she quickly realised her position of power and basically extorted a considerable sum of money from my father .
she wiped out his savings and he had to return to work from retirement despite his ill-health .
if she needed the money my brother and i would happily have given it to her .
i went to visit her shortly after this happened trying to keep myself somewhat neutral and on decent terms .
at lunch i commented that my brother should get a dog in a kind of joking way because i love dogs but ca n't have one at the moment .
she replied i do n't think his girlfriend would be able to cope with the mess .
you know what she 's like about everything being neat and clean .
i do n't know how she would 've coped if she 'd had that baby . ''
i sat there the rest of the time in shock while my husband chatted with her .
as soon as we got in the train to go home i burst into tears and swore to my husband that that was the last time i 'd speak to her .
but now after years of trying i 'm pregnant and things are looking good .
my brother is of course feeling mixed but full of congratulations and my father is beyond excited .
but i can not bring myself to call my mother and tell her .
i intellectually know i should that it ail make her very happy that it 's the 'right ' thing to do .
my brother tells me every time he speaks to me that i ought to my dad and step-mother gently encourage me .
only my husband really gets it and says i should do what i want .
and even he does n't really understand why i feel so strongly .
but i feel this overwhelming rush of kind of disgust and disappointment when i think of her .
one mother 's day i look at facebook and cry over all the mom-daughter cute pics and affirmations .
i want that but know it will never happen .
how do i bring myself to call and tell her ?
tl dr i dislike my mother not for abuse reasons but because she 's simply not very nice .
how do i force myself myself to tell her about my baby ?
first time i 've ever played hut but have played nhl most of my life .
my strongest attribute is defence definitely as a wings fan all my life i try to play that puck possession style .
i got jake allen out of my first few packs went 4-2-2 in my first eight games and then opened a 7,500 gold pack .
gibson is 15-0 1.78 gaa and like a .910 sv .
my team is nothing special koivu is my best player and 1 c. i have forsberg and markov and my top scorer is michalek .
i have n't seen anybody else rocking gibson tons of pavalecs though aside from a decent mix of mediocre to good goalies .
hey ya 'll let 's collect some tips for players coming over from wot .
he ammo variants are not all or nothing '' .
if they do not penetrate they will do some damage based upon the thickness of the armor at the point of impact .
more directly stated the damage that is dealt has the armor thickness subtracted from it or something pretty close to that .
so it is possible to shoot he ammos at mbts and deal damage just not that much .
if the ammo does penetrate it deals bonus damage .
there are many many different types of ammo in the main families of ap he heat he/sc .
between the families the differences can be quite large however even within families there are variants .
it 's beneficial to at least read the descriptions of your ammos .
angling is n't nearly as powerful as wot players may be used to .
at lower tiers heat is very effective against mbt side armor however frontal and turret armor can still pose a problem .
players that try side scraping in mbts at low tiers against tanks that like to shoot he and heat are n't going to have a good time .
when a player shoots another player the shooting player is rendered briefly for the shot player .
this does not necessarily mean that they are spotted although shooting confers a camo penalty as one would expect but it does mean the shot player can turn their gun and return fire if the shooter has n't moved to cover .
artillery has a mechanic called counter battery which allows other artillery players to see a minimap ping when artillery fires .
this allows other artillery players to know where the firing artillery is .
also artillery is rendered briefly so it is possible even with the least precise pings to find opposing artillery and put a shot into them .
as artillery takes more shots without moving the ping of their location becomes more exact .
tried resetting firmware tried upgrading tried putting the extension tube on .
when i take it to the menu to change it nothing changes .
trying to play co-op with my friend however for me it says session could not be found it does not happen between him and another friend though .
anybody had this problem or is it just me ?
hello there i would just like to know if there are any tricks or good websites on where to watch the conmebol qualifiers today ?
is there any specific website for that or maybe they have an official youtube stream for that ?
post a draft of your potential build here specific parts please .
http www.reddit.com/r/buildapc/wiki/pcpp do n't ask to be spoonfed a build read the rules !
pcpartpicker part list http pcpartpicker.com/p/qftkrh price breakdown by merchant http pcpartpicker.com/p/qftkrh/by_merchant
i have the cash for all do not plan on doing 4k gaming mainly 1080p but do plan on purchasing oculus rift eventually and am concerned about future dx12 .
i 've read that for gaming i5 is roughly equivalent as the hyperthreading/multi-core benefit is something that most games are not currently taking advantage of .
then there is xeon which is a whole different beast .
am i going to regret getting i5 in two years ?
with ram seeing game like star wars battlefront asking for 16gb .
any reason to do 2x4gb vs 1x8gb for ram ?
im fine with the alching updates cant say i overly like it but hey whatever but why not increase the xp of alch to match that of the old high alc you made it lvl 55 aswell why not give it the same xp as high alc used to be ?
now i thought the reason it wasnt removed from the start was because it was there for xp but if your going to remove it and increase the level needed to low alch then why no increase the xp from it to match that ?
except when it comes to my recent ex boyfriend .
he is the only guy i have fallen head over heels in love with am sexually attracted to and would be willing to marry .
i know labels do n't matter but for me it would help me a lot if i could figure out something to call myself .
bisexual implies i am attracted to guys as well which i 'm not except with the exception of my ex .
i am kind of going through an identity crisis at this time so that 's why it 's so important for me to kind of find a label .
submit ideas for themes top selects will be put into a poll and posted tomorrow
if you are new here and do n't know what gif tournament is read this https www.reddit.com/r/giftournament/wiki/index
is there a feature in this game allowing me to squad up with my friends ?
even being able to join in progress would suffice .
just curious as i will be downloading the ps4 beta soon .
recently made a campaign to assist a local community and indiegogo is telling me it 'll take roughly 15 days for the funds to appear or transfer over .
how long did it take you guys to receive your funds after your campaign had reached its deadline ?
i seem to have about half of my neighbors that have n't started the halloween event yet .
some of them are really high levels too above 50 at least .
but i 'm not sure if they are going to play this event or not .
since it 's only been a couple of days i wanted to give them a chance to play .
but at the same time i 'm missing out on my own benefits .
over few years of my steam account life i could n't manage to get many friends .
all i have are my few rl friends in my friends list .
i 'd like to have a bunch more to chat once in a while and to feel better about myself during dull days .
edit i 'd like to add that i 'm european .
edit 2 as i 'm required to flair my post i chose peasantry free '' .
edit 3 so much new friends and people to chat with on steam !
i still have much more room on my friends list so fell free to add me on steam !
single-handedly the gun i am most excited for in this game ... anyone else ?
lf some help been stuck for a while on this part of the quest .
i dont want to get too ahead of myself here as i am only 18 days in and only 21 pounds down .
but i felt the urge to share my goals and rewards with you guys my beloved keto family .
reward all you can eat meat buffet at a local place
reward a 9 day vacation to a nearby hill station
reward i will invest in good kitchen complete with all the knives herbs cutlery and join cooking classes .
i now have at least 178000000 experience points in the farming skill .
i have cultivated by my own actions a bad taste in this subreddit .
i do n't think i am in a pace that this sub and city is growing .
you have all made my life and understanding of this city better .
with that same thought in mind i will be available via meetups while i 'm in the city and hopefully learn more about what makes the city great .
personally i 'm not sure what even warrants this as being a post but from what i feel and perceive maybe this is something i should have posted .
i got one for fun just to see how it works .
i have searched relentlessly and amazon is very vague what quantity actually gets ordered when you press the dash button .
so i have been trying to update my gpu drivers and they would n't update so anyways i said screw it '' and went to play counter strike now when i try to play csgo this error message appears .
the assignment will help me finish a book about health .
i want you to record observations about a party you will attend at surry hills this saturday night .
i will also pay you 40 cash in hand after two hours and expect you to stay for at least two hours .
i want to meet you at a café before we do the task .
can u help me picking up my first 6 hero ?
thanks for the help and have a nice day !
one of the really neat services our library offers is ebooks and audio books through the overdrive service .
unfortunately there 's some sort of a limit to how many items you can borrow and return over a given time .
i have no idea how many items i 've read and returned you have room for 5 items on your bookshelf '' but i currently have zero but apparently it 's too many .
what 's killing me is i have an item on hold ready to be claimed but after 72 hours it will be released and i ca n't get to it .
ca n't check it out even though i have five empty slots on my virtual bookshelf .
i have a ticket in to the library bringing it to their attention .
incredibly frustrating to be 'punished ' for reading very fast and returning too many items too quickly ''
tl dr overdrive is an excellent service but they 're shafting me right now so i 'm kind of frustrated .
here is the exact error message if you were wondering http imgur.com/nsp3zj9
was in touch with my library and there 's nothing wrong on their end that they can tell .
i spoke with the overdrive admin and their tech person and neither could see any reason why this is happening on my account .
my best guess as far as limits to checkout is whatever kind of contract they have with overdrive .
it 's a federated library system but i spoke with the folks at the district center and they 're generally pretty tech savvy .
so it might just be a limitation that was set by contract but it 's definitely a problem with overdrive and not with my account .
also for those asking no it 's not that i deleted items and did n't return them .
they are all returned and there are zero items checked out to me .
some of the items i read were in kindle some were in the browser but they are all returned .
library staff has an email into tech support at overdrive and will keep me in the loop .
hoping that because it 's a library that opened that ticket it 'll get attention faster .
never through i 'd be punished for reading extraordinarily quickly .
a sus 23 años da por superada su etapa de estrella infantil .
༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ cubs take my faith ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ
the last time i saw fred was the night of the blood moon .
he was on the deck looking at the moon i saw and called him to get him inside but he ran away .
i knew he was going to do that because you ca n't make a cat do nothing and it was a full moon .
i live in the middle of nowhere so a wild animal got him or one of my neighbors mistaken trap him .
looks like we 're getting a new cat next month from a cat rescue .
they 're going to pay for getting the cat fix and it 's shots .
recently made a new game on my x and have beaten the elite four now .
i can not remember which pokés i have in the safari only that it was fire type.. feel free to add me and i 'll add you !
my players are in a situation and i have a few weeks til next session to prepare .
so i thought i 'd poll the crowd for creative ideas on how to make this an exciting session .
my players and i met up for session 0 .
after character creation they convinced me to run them through the beginner box for edge .
since two of them had already played it i modified it somewhat .
the team has killed several of teemo 's thugs convinced two of his journeyman bounty hunters to join them stole a part he needs from the junk shop stole a swoop bike and a desert skiff and blasted a few speeders of teemo 's on their way out of town .
they are now crossing the desert in an open-topped skiff and swoop bike .
i 'd like to make the trip interesting by having teemo send a local swoop bike gang after them the desert dogs .
the players are all mad max fans as well as fans of shadows of the empire particularly the swoop bike race so i 'd like to set something up that pulls from those sources .
what happens will depend on the route they take .
they have the option of travelling east to a place called wayfar or east north east across the western dune sea to a place called dannar 's claim .
the wayfar route takes them parallel along a rocky terrain so i 'm thinking of designing a canyon chase sequence .
i can modify taming the dragon from suns of fortune but i was hoping you guys could offer thoughts on making it interesting .
what weapons and gear would be fun to throw at them ?
the dannar 's claim route takes them across a large stretch of the western dune sea .
i think this would be a great time to throw a sandstorm at them .
it sounds awesome but i 'm drawing a blank as to how to go about this .
i 'd like it to be more than one skill check .
i 'm also not sure how to set the difficulty .
perhaps if they roll well they could use their scanners to locate a partially buried derelict ship and use it as shelter .
if they roll badly they could crash but survive like max .
the dug rigger could then go about a few skill checks to jury rig the swoop engine to the skiff .
either route they take i 'd like to make the swoop bikers interesting .
i 'd like them to be a bit mad maxy without being not star warsy .
i ca n't decide on how to do that and make it still balanced .
for reference there are three players with 15 earned xp each a dug rigger a human pilot and a falleen big-game hunter .
they have n't spent their xp yet but their relevant skills are all ygg piloting shooting survival .
he uses dual blaster pistol and slugthrower pistol auto fire and the swoops light repeater personal scale .
the pilot is piloting the skiff and the falleen is riding in the back .
the falleen has a weequay blaster lance range extreme and slugthrower assault carbine range useless .
the group hornswaggled me into letting them keep two npc 's .
both are journeyman bounty hunters a human and a trandoshan .
they are much more capable in combat with soak 5 and yyg ranged heavy .
here 's the map i 'm using as reference https s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/3c/4c/a3/3c4ca38cc279d16a77b332bba52e151f.jpg
like 10 levels for espresso 5 for 5 filter 2 french press etc
i know you want to size the grind for the type of method .
but once your in the range for the particular method how does it affect the flavour ?
after testing out vaan 's new relic on a demonwall just now i have to say that sap is pretty darn good it was ticking around 2.5k a proc and fairly often too that it actually finished him off before i got a chance to land the killing blow lol .
overall a very nice relic and one of the coolest animations so far in game .
so i constantly find my self in a state of overweight .
specially when hauling goods on a long trek back to base .
sometimes i find there 's no other way around it as getting a long trip twice is probably worse and there 's some stuff you simple ca n't leave behind .
so what are the cons of overweight i know you ca n't sprint anymore but what about side effects like increased tiredness and calorie consumption ?
edit and i 've also forgot to ask whats the upper cap ?
so i 'm in my first cycle off the pill ff gave me dotted cross-hairs but then took them away and i 'm on cd55 with no signs of af coming !
i had spotting for a couple of days last week but it never developed into anything .
i 've been travelling so bbts are all over the place too .
i tested about 2 wks ago and now i 'm wondering if i should test again or wait another week .
i would seriously rather see af than be in this limbo !
can anyone make an easy tutorial for rerolling on droid4x pls !
i 'm 24 years old single and graduated college in may .
i have a stable job making 70,000 a year and am also in the national guard making 7,000 a year .
i have no outstanding debts and a reliable car .
i 've fully funded my ira the past two years contribute 6 of my salary to receive full employer match and i also contribute to a thrift savings plan for the national guard .
with 20,000 already put away towards retirement i feel that i am on track there .
i live and work in minneapolis minnesota and currently rent .
the unit is 4 bedroom and i pay 450 in rent .
all of my spare money is currently going into savings .
i plan to stay in the area for the next 10 years at least so am starting to look into buying a house .
next june i should have 25,000 in savings on top of my emergency fund .
i qualify for a va backed home loan so require 0 down to avoid pmi but would still put 20,000 of my savings towards a down-payment/closing cost .
is looking for a home in the 150,000 180,000 reasonable ?
if you are familiar with the minnesota suburbs i will be looking in the plymouth/crystal or hopkins/st .
louis park area and for a 3-4 bedroom house .
does anyone have a spreadsheet of otr measurements on shirts from popular retailers ?
i 've seen videos of people ay the event showing the 950/xl but no one mentioned or showed if landscape mode was a thing .
i am selling a wasd code 87 with cherry mx clears and a matias ergo pro .
both keyboards are in very good condition and come with the original boxes and cables .
i enjoyed using them both—just not as much as i like my pok3r .
so after well over a month of not touching either of them .
sold to u/axtran the matias ergo pro is the mac version .
but it can still be configured for use with windows via the dip switches under the cmd key .
sold to u/dakimakura the wasd code 87 with cherry mx clears is universal .
it is in excellent condition but i did n't tear the box on accident when i first opened it .
update 2 the price this sold for was 140 shipped to canada from north carolina
update the matias ergo pro comes with matias quiet click http matias.ca/switches/quiet switches .
also i believe this was from the 2nd run of boards .
i put my order in for the 3rd run but i think they had some left over from the 2nd run or something and shipped mine early as i received it the 1st week in june .
the 3rd run was not suppose to ship until late june/early july .
i ca n't speak to the difference between the boards in each run .
i was searching for a recent show and the first download failed .
when i press manual search on sonarr it came up with just the one result that failed and usually sonarr still includes things that are n't in my download profile in the manual search like standard def and 1080p .
when i went to dognzb and searched there there are a total of 5 links .
i mean it 's not like the shows are mis-labeled on dognzb
you gave us all a 1st place finish in nalcs .
you showed other teams when you scrimmed you are a strong team .
it did n't translate into a quarter final berth and that sucks .
it just means you come back stronger next year .
i hate that we did n't show what clg is capable of but this is not the end .
we are not the same team of the past couple of years .
do not dwell on what you ca n't change .
tl dr it sucks but its still the faithage .
aw how cute xd dw i 'm a guy and i 'm 5'5
this is honestly just the tip of the iceberg man .
expect many more demos/alternate versions in the weeks to come .
it just seems to lead to r/howinteresting which was axed for some reason .
it should be https www.reddit.com/r/howinteresting ... which also appears to be empty .
i think i 've spent too much time on this website .
that was actually not a solution i had thought of at all using yoshi to carry a p-switch .
are you talking about the p-switch that comes out of the pipe ?
i can absolutely see how that would be frustrating traversing nearly the entire level for the sake of one puzzle .
you need yoshi or the helicopter to reach a platform at the start of the stage where an arrow is pointing up .
you can get back there through the door beside yoshi or by riding skeletons most of the way back .
once you get through that door you should be able to figure out the rest .
and i understand what you 're saying about reset time but i 'm not sure any of the puzzles in this level are exceptionally complex or time-consuming save for taking a shortcut at the start .
i completely agree that figuring out the structure of the level itself can be confusing but i still do n't know that the clock would run from 400 to 0 unless someone was really taking their time .
i 'm going to try beating it the way i think you 're describing now but if you 're up for it and any of this reply helps i 'd love to hear your opinion if you clear it .
they should be able to pay off their debt if they stop screwing around .
perhaps you can try talking to your grandparents or an aunt/uncle about this issue .
they may be able to talk some sense into them on your behalf .
keep in mind that your parents may never change and you should n't let that stress you out too much .
make sure their bad habits do n't rub off on you work hard and save your money .
i was thinking that it meant that yucca mountain would have to be opened before another nuclear reactor could be built .
building new reactors in wi is illegal because the d.o.e .
did n't follow the law and build a federal waste facility .
when you get to 9 you realize pretty quickly into 8.5 that you do n't draw th8 's like you used to ...
it 's a good transitional strategy but there 's no reason to stay there forever
so we should just roll over and die cause he 's good ?
a few hits against this guy is something most would be proud of .
this is mostly the answer i was looking for ...
honestly i think i 'd prefer if shitstorm mostly focused on like three games as complete lps over the course of the month with the weird mostly bad indy one-offs left as a once or twice a week thing .
alien isolation dead space 1 or 2 and dead rising 2 would be a hell of an october .
packing up some snacks and caffeine to bring back to lab with me .
it 's already had a year or two of ironing out to be honest and the fact that it 's looking to start getting merged into core soon is a good sign .
majority of the changes at this point would not be backwards compatibility breaking .
carabus finally said after a long moment of silence .
my idiocy got 2 of our pack killed and there might be another two on the way . ''
nice you liked a stream of someone acting retarded .
i think a lot of managers think if they have one monitoring product it means less training less maintenance etc .
we just need a few easy to use tools .
were they talking winners of the single-elim games or all the wild card teams since they implemented the wc ?
granted low rates allows bills bonds and notes to be issued at lower rates but take for example the prime rate in 1980 .
it was a hair over 20 yet the government still issued debt .
the treasury will always be able to pay it 's debts .
our economy and budget are extremely large only 7 of our current budget goes to debt payments .
the treasury and fed work off of different policy .
the treasury is only issuing debt as they need at the current market rate to give a competitive yield .
granted that yield is low but that yield is 99.9999 safe .
the u.s. government does n't care about the rate it pays because it can afford higher rates during a given time and lower rates at a given time just as market rates rise and fall .
there is n't this big conspiracy to keep rates low .
rates are low to entice the public to spend to aid in economic recovery .
economic growth and contraction is cyclical and right now we 're trying to claw our way out of a very deep contraction .
fat32 has a maximum size limit both for the partition itself and each of the files on it .
specifically fat32 can not have files more than 4 gb or a total partition size of more than 2 tb .
exfat technically has limits too but they 're so large that you do n't need to worry about them .
128 pb that 's 128\*1024^5 bytes or 128\*1024 tb is the maximum for the volume and a maximum for individual files of 16 eb 16\*1024^6 bytes .
however your comment https np.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/3ntggz/wall_street_has_won_again_bernie_sanders_torches/cvrtl3f has been removed for the following reason s
your comment does not meet our comment civility rules https www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/rulesandregs wiki_please_be_civil .
if you have any questions about this removal please feel free to message the moderators .
https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/politics subject=question regarding the removal of this comment by u/wesside message=i have a question regarding the removal of this comment .
well mondo kind of was basically calling chihiro a guy before it was known ?
i do n't know why that 's not a good reason to suspect them and therefore be more hard on them ?
i thought you meant the last airbender was not drawing the correlation .
actually licensing requirements have proliferated in recent decades and were not generally in existence when we built this superpower .
but you would n't know anything about that because you are making this up as you go along .
in the early 1950s less than 5 percent of u.s. workers were required to have a license from a state government in order to perform
by 2008 the share of workers requiring a license to work was estimated to be almost 29 percent . ''
rodgers needs a lot more stats and/or championships to run away with best ever .
deleting the video cause it shows classified materials is a relatively reasonable case to censor something .
no on both counts looked professionally filmed and digitally released.
when i discovered how to make a healthy income in a way that i actually enjoyed .
that opened doors to me that i had n't even realized .
i was able to play fast and loose with my ships shrug off losses takes risks and actually play instead of being concerned about every little loss due to previously hating having to grind for isk .
i knew that even if i lost my ships i had isk waiting for me and if ran low i still enjoyed the method of making said isk .
because microsoft wallet only ever supported nfc payments with a few international carriers .
then they ripped out the feature from the wallet app entirely in favor of separate apps a la softcard .
there 's a toggle there but unless you have an app it 's not going to be tied to anything that actually lets you pay .
i 'm pretty sure this is brandon flowers on set of when you were young ''
i can understand the desire for a new car i 've been looking into trying to get something bigger/better myself but you 've got a good car that will last you for years to come without costing tons to maintain and buying something sportier is a poor investment .
especially as a college student i 'd rather have 6k in my pocket and a good reliable car then much less money and a decent-at-best sportier car .
just keep the car you have for a few years and save up when you 're out of school for a year or two then you can buy the sportier car of your dreams .
as for the highway noise thing i can definitely feel your pain my car sits in the mid-high 3000s on the highway but most of my noise is due to my relatively crappy summer tires .
perhaps that 's part of the issue for you as well ?
op does n't have a copper connection running out to his home .
he 's not talking about the wifi in his home .
he 's talking about the kind of internet service where an antenna is attached to his home and faced toward a tower .
as you could imagine this is a very shitty option but often the only options many people in rural communities have .
but if it 's a restock then finally everyone can get them again without having to pay outrageous ebay prices !
grienke has broken a massive amount of records this year .
arrieta is surely one of the best pitchers ever to come second on the cy young vote .
boy i can never hear the end of it .
because more people watch the nrl so the free to air station pay lost of money for the rights .
only sbs wanted the aleague and they have no money so they only got friday
mcguinty was in favour of shariah law for muslims in '04 but had to back down in '05 .
he sugar-coated the decision by removing all religious influence from family law court decisions but the reaction from the public was mostly focused on shariah law http www.theglobeandmail.com/globe-debate/a-mistake-to-ban-sharia/article1331425
while i agree with the replies here that the girl needs help i also think that emphasis is put on the wrongs things a bit .
i empathize a lot with this girl as someone with autism spectrum stuff .
i love watching cartoons i talk to my stuffed animals i do n't have many friends and do n't really feel the need for it .
from my understanding the daughter perhaps may have some autism related thing .
in addition it is totally possible that it is n't a mental illness per se .
while not to the same extreme i went through a phase when i was around 18 for a simple reason i felt like i did n't belong and was afraid of the unknown so i clung to what i had .
the daughter seems aware that she acts childish the suicidal thoughts may mean that she has depression and is trying to cling to the one thing she has and enjoys .
the 350j shows actual joules being fired through the device though .
which only gives you a measure of how much energy the device has consumed from the battery .
you could put exactly the same counter on any variable wattage device .
it 's just like an odometer on a car .
so it it seem to suggest that it 's going by actual joules .
it 's not arbitrary but it is a fixed voltage .
unlike evolv 's boards it is not dynamically altering the output voltage during regular firing in joule mode to keep a consistent wattage as the resistance changes .
i 'm not talking about the specific settings but the actual output signal that the device uses in joule mode .
by using a fixed voltage they 're trying to copy the effect that evolv 's pre-heat feature achieves .
the soft/powerful/etc modes merely cause the device to fire under or over your set wattage by a set amount for the first second when firing .
my net_graph has not been on lately because i was messing with it and now i cant get it back for some strange reason .
but even back when i was getting it net_graph normally would not show it .
i do know that when i had net_graph on it was always normally packet loss or choke causing the issue .
i find this interesting and i am sympathetic because i think males as a group have been excessively brutal and robbed the world of many many possible brilliant scientists artists thinkers and inventors unnecessarily through widespread education rationing and pointless ego building .
so let me lay out the idea so far we incentivize ways of reducing the sexually driven male population through abortion and chemical castration until numbers are.. manageable .
once numbers are down laws are changed to correct the overabundance of male rights and a small population is kept in camps .
now with corrected rights and safety measures in place some males are still kept around just in case . ''
i 'm going to try to follow this to a logical conclusion so the next thought that occurs to me is at that point what is the point of chemical castration ?
considering that is not permanent and will require constant expensive treatment why not opt to just fix '' males like we do for so many other animals if they are not breeding .
clearly if males are tightly regulated they will have to go along with this .
if you want to keep some uncastrated males around to provide sperm but you see the penis as an constant instrument of rape would n't you want to simply remove it ?
we already use electrical stimulation of the prostate to force ejaculation for bulls so it 's not as though the penis would be of much use in this scenario .
we have tuukka locked in for 7 more years .
plus we will rub subban in mtl 's face .
but in this case i can tell in the way you ask that you know it 's right for you .
making some thing that looks like the same shape is not the same .
can you give me a quick update on score ?
my internet is unstable and my butt is constantly clenched ...
message/compose ? to=/r/askwomen subject=why+was+this+removed ? message my+comment https www.reddit.com/r/askwomen/comments/3nw2yn/tips_for_dating_specifically_for_women_regarded/cvs2xdt was+removed+and+i+do+not+understand+the+reason+given+by+the+mod+who+removed it .
oh damn i didnt realize it was this bad for you guys .
it must be difficult being forced to lose all that hard work you earned .
i didnt realize the damage was to this magnitude .
i dont know about the rest of the fsr but if you need anything just let me know ill try and help to the best of my ability .
their founder and leader altaf hussain lives a self-exiled luxurious lifestyle in london england .
right i can agree that this much makes complete sense .
but how do you tie all of that in with the eating of lots of fried food and take-away ?
what does having a particularly big bloated head and in proportion to the rest of the body have to do with stuff like land reform and extra-judicial killings ?
having owned a ringke fusion case before i was actually looking forward to owning one for the new nexus 6p .
unfortunately after pre-ordering it from amazon i found out that they decided to discontinue the case for unseen reasons and was refunded for my purchase .
for now i guess i will be going with the clear frost adopted case sold by google .
charge shield slam thunderclap sunder sunder sunder sunder sunder sunder sunder sunder sunder sunder and so on and so on .
another shitty fucking clickbait titled article from randy miller !
update went to a running shoe store i have gone to in the past and had them look at my stride and footfalls again .
as it turns out sometime in the last 6 years since i had it done i stopped pronating as bad as i was .
i immediately took them out for a go 2 miles but mixing in running every third minute .
18 minute miles terrible but at 235lbs and bein g in terrible shape its s start .
my favorite deck was a herbology deck from chamber of secrets .
i mean specifically impressing a race team enough to do a real life test rather than winning a sim sponsored test drive .
nice now you just got ta get them from the coping .
i used to stand on the coping and drop in boneless to get comfortable first .
. i should n't be getting fucking 300 ping daily .
i wanted somebody doing something that i thought was really fun or interesting .
for me that was mainly looking at digital agencies and organizations with a lot of people my age .
someplace where people bring their pets and can have fun around the office during the day .
lastly i wanted somebody who would value me as an employee .
when working for universities i always felt looked down upon because i only had a ba .
there was no room for growth and no investment in my growth because i was looked at as pretty expendable .
honestly i was very lucky that i went to this company when i did .
they were looking at getting into an area that i had experience in and i fit really well into their company culture .
so it seems like yahoo will make the change 100 but has anyone heard anything from espn ?
has it ever happened in the past that one major site changed a stat and the other did n't ?
come on espn do n't do me like this .
i read somewhere on this subreddit that there might be an announcement from bethesda tomorrow .
you coulda did that all slow-mo just adjust the levels so there is a change in speed but i liked the commercial vibe it gave off
have you checked that the cpu cooler is working properly ?
a similar thing happened to me a while ago where the cpu fan was n't working and the computer was auto shutting down because of cpu temperatures exceeding the upper limit .
man being rich does n't make him a bad person .
why are you even commenting like you got shit invested in this community while you proudly flair that you left said community ?
i fuck with this which of futures albums is most like this ?
what kind of remote working/vacation time possibilities do you have ?
if at all possible i seriously recommend leaving the country .
even with airfare and lodging you might save 10,000 .
i have a friend whose mother came here to bolivia for 2 months for an estimated 30,000 of work in the u.s. and came out wayyyyy ahead .
this is only plausible if your absence would not harm your income .
it could be a good excuse for an incredible experience .
i ca n't wait to see him back on the field
gun control does n't take the illegally acquired guns out of the hands of gang members .
i think he was easily the most nba ready player in the draft and if the draft was n't as deep as it was he could 've gone top 10 easily .
he 's gon na be a major player on this team and the trade to get him is one of the best moves this team has made in a very long time .
today i 'm gon na rest my mind and tomorrow i 'll see what can i do .
if you do like her and want to see where this journey goes take it easy .
do n't push 'relationship talk ' go have fun and do n't act as if you really give a damn either way and keep your eyes open .
she shouldnt have a problem with you playing the field while she 's choking on some dick once or twice a month .
not everyone can serve their country in the manner they planned .
but just because you ca n't medically serve in uniform there 's plenty of other honorable ways to serve your country and many within the navy and dod .
our national defense machine runs on our gs and contract civilians .
determine what skill/job you want to do and find the govt civilian equivalent where nobody will give a rats ass about your hives .
what will happen is once you send him your contact info you 'll get a fake email telling you that funds have arrived in paypal .
if any buyer asks for your email information it 's a scam .
no matter what i try no matter how far i fall or how i pull up i can only go up 5-10 blocks before stalling out .
x5m is great but that 's over 100k for a f15 model
man i 'll take werth-span-harper if they all stayed healthy this year .
yup that 's what a good goalie does to you .
i wore stila beso at mine and have no regrets .
the only other formula i 'd consider if i had to do it again would kvd probably in outlaw
no they ca n't control that but i would assume they have records of who they sold to ... which could lead them to an answer of why isis has so may new toyotas .
the arrieta chants are n't intimidating ... they sound like the yankee stadium roll call .
you ca n't do it like ar-ri-et-ta clap clap clapclapclap
loving the lack of ramp and different screens important ppv '' feel of things .
i just made a stout with munich 10l as the base and it turned out awesome .
it might be a little rich for lack of a better term for a porter though .
i think the grain bill you posted earlier would be better .
gym body '' what the fuck is that buzzword ?
average weight for male at 6 ' is 160-202 200 is in that range on the ending cusp but it is absolutely average .
that depends on how i 'm defining freedom '' .
i understand my rights and responsibilities as a british citizen ... hell i 'm a member of a political party .
i 'm talking about my freedom to up and do what i want .
i do n't have any kids in school nor a partner tied down to a job .
if i get offered a job i want tomorrow ?
i feel like it did n't touch on lemon 's play though or his pick/ban phase .
in the gauntlet he was n't that strong and almost lost c9 their chance at worlds with his love for the karma pick .
at worlds though he has shown the most love for morg which has been great for the team syncing up well with the veigar pick in their first game and massive in their game against fnatic as well .
that along with drafting the team consistent team comps i think speaks to how much improvement lemon has had over the course of the teams worlds run .
d my mom keeps saying my husband should try getting himself recorded like that !
this sounds very vaguely like great gate of kiev .
you kind of hear the brass melody in there .
but then the strings happened and the tone changed so nvm .
not the screams for comfort or hungry/feeding time but the screech that pierces you .
your heart drops and leap from bed in such a frenzy of panic trying to get to your child .
happened once when my daughter got her hands stuck in the rafters '' of the upper bunkbed .
had a panic attack hearing that screeching please help '' .
american can thank it 's democratic republic or at least what 's left of it on that pseudo-science ''
really difficult to parse given your broken grammar but are you saying that the notion of a democratic republic is somehow contingent upon whether economics is or is n't a pseudo-science ?
a democratic republic is strictly speaking a country that is both a republic and a democracy .
ultimate authority and power is derived from the citizens and the government itself is run through elected officials .
whether or not economics is a science really has no bearing .
or are you suggesting that the united states which is a democratic republic would not exist if economics is a pseudo-science ?
it 's perfectly possible to found a nation on pseudo-scientific principles .
hell it 's perfectly possible to found a nation based on superstitions and mythology .
it 's the anti-intellectual nonsense or your lot that 's fucked things over .
not making a whole lot of sense here either .
so either anti-intellectual nonsense fucked things over or 'my lot ' .
in what way is positing that economics is a pseudo science anti-intellectual ?
since you obviously have trouble stating your thoughts perhaps you also have trouble understanding what others write .
perhaps some light reading will better help you to understand the concept
i 'm interested in using the longer stick for more precise steering in driving games and the paddles in back to manually shift .
the vicar rings them for the bants after he comes home wankered after a night out .
takes a deep draw from his long stemmed pipe as he looks on
more pirates started out as explorers than anyone realizes ya know . ''
they say there 's something out in the deep black that changes a man .
they say that staring into black holes and neutron stars and cold.. alien eyes it takes something out of you that you never get back . ''
the scarred old spacer points at you with his pipe .
and they say that 's why so many of them turn to piracy when they return to civilized space .
the void inside of them matches the one surrounding their ship and all they can do is take and take and take to try and fill it . ''
smoke clouds the air as he puffs furiously his smoking increasing with the drama of the story .
of course ... a man could n't know these things if he had n't been out there himself .
seen those soul-scarring sights and left a piece behind when he returned to fellows at last to take pieces of them ... '' and then you see the knife in his other hand as a cold smile forms on his face .
you 're right about the shifting and feet being close never really noticed it .
i 'll try to work on that then as well !
as for the way i bring the ball up i think it 's because i turn my feet facing slightly left when i shoot .
so it forces my body to face that way causing me to bring it up weird .
i actually noticed it when i posted the question and tried to fix it but it does n't feel unnatural that way or anything .
believe it or not it 's not as simple as you seem to think it is .
with food sources sharecropper farms and settlements that were n't out in the middle of nowhere .
ask yourself this question for any of the settlements in fo3 what do they eat ? ''
if you ca n't find a source for all the food or a rational answer should the settlement be there ?
i want them to do something with the city without fear '' but it needs to be done well .
these name drops are going to be the death of me .
or that dude would rather rot in prison and never see his kids than snitch that 's a real g . ''
also while that benefits you thats a guy who chooses the meth life and street code over his kids thats not cool at all man .
how could you ever leave abbi alone someone has to be near her at all times .
definitely something that i 'll need to get on .
my friend bakes professionally you may have seen her on cupcake wars .
it took a lot of courage to write about it
i hope time can heal wounds and make the pain less
they will put you in touch with current students .
yeah they are n't able to attend heaps of games either but renewed anyway .
that and the rumours of the police restrictions on fans thearch no banners etc .
i could n't convince them that the restrictions were n't real lol .
neither company is going to put the other out of business this gen so who cares .
i own both systems they both have good games .
the exact same thing happened to my friend except she took him back .
then he dumped her again a few years later after he decided he wanted to start something serious with a co-worker he 'd been fucking .
the bigger question is if he can be safely dropped in keeper leagues .
yeah it 's kind of a stick in my side to know that but in fairness that 's his personal beliefs .
as someone that 's met him several times he never brings it up with fans and is always more than happy to sign autographs for literally everyone .
at fan day for the argos where they opened up a practice to fans a few years back pinball was signing and chatting up a huge crowd of people for fricking hours .
also the game kholat makes sooo much more sense now .
i 'm not really too sure but a rougelike kinda thing would be fun .
ca n't afford an iron to at least get some of the wrinkles out ?
i believe this is what you 're looking for https www.reddit.com/r/photography/comments/2ovad7/taking_star_photography_check_out_the_500_rule_to/cmri7nz
it includes crop factor pixel size declenation focal length earth 's rotation all into one formula .
my slowest shutter speed happened to calculate out to be 6.5 sec for one star per pixel on my sensor .
i did n't realise the doctor was so low tier compared to other time lords though he was one of the best or something .
also i only really knew about psychic paper which a guess is pretty low tier then .
rassilon omega and salyavin are pscyhic jugganaughts by time lord standards .
the average time lord is closer to the master and the doctor so still able to mind rape with a touch or burn out supercomputers and human minds using their brain but in addition to their own powers they also have a load of psychic tech like the telepathic circuits of a tardis conceptual weapons like shifts that infect text and alter the perceptions of the reader and so on .
even knock of stuff is pretty potent the doctor and the master have among other things created a network of psychic sateites to brainwash the entire population of earth into trusting him the master rigged up a city wide telepathic pulse in minutes using junk from the tardis scrambled the language abilites of everyone in london using a basic function of the tardis translation software and more .
the time lords themselves have even nastier tricks as do many other who races .
like the fleshkind who created a self replicating infectious mind plague made of of emotional energy which consumed their whole planet in days .
every time i looked up crowder seemed to be doing something .
but he 's still low on the depth chart and coming back from a fragile injury he could easily reaggravate .
coleman is a dangerous play because freeman is playing well .
plus the redskins are kind of a trap game in that they are better than people realise and can bring it .
the upside i see for coleman is that they shut down freeman and the falcons try to preserve him and give coleman some punishment .
if karlos and shady are n't getting reps in practice and boobie is he will get the bulk of the carries .
go with boobie but i like crowder as a dark horse despite being absolutely buried on the depth chart .
draft positives got trist braum ekko comfort picks and some sleeper op in fiora/veigar .
koo poor engage and they sort of relied on morg bindings and ashe arrows .
azir/jinx waveclear will help koo stall games out and maybe make this a teamfight game where darius is strong .
i 'm sorry you have such a bad experience .
two weeks in and it seems i 'm back to normal .
you 'll see this case use over and over to push the idea that palestinains do n't trow stones or start riots ... but the videos show that the riots was long underway and that the agents where not even a noticeable part of it until the arrest .
either way it 's trespassing and illegal and i do n't think it 's someone anyone should condone .
the row that would usually be labeled b1 through b9 is actually labeled b1 through er b1 .
you should its got amazing stats on how chicago is failing .
i wonder if you were a suspect prior to a conviction if you could indeed sue a media outlet for invasion of privacy or something of the sort .
bought a house in lazybrook on the northwest side of the heights .
i think there was an artificial increase in the value of the homes because there was a shortage ... so people took what they could get .
a year ago i could have easily sold my house for over 600k .
i 've not even gotten an offer on 500k and am in the 400 's now .
the area is nice one of the only neighborhoods '' in the heights and a ton of settling-down yuppies who want to live in the heights but also have a yard/family/neighborhood .
not a million dollar home in fact when i bought it it was in the mid 300 's .
i put some work into it to remodel so i know where my break-even point is ... after tt l of a realtor fee closing etc i 'll be south of it at the current price .
i wonder if it is compatible with my ga-z97mx-gaming 5
now every time i 'm doin cardio i 'm going to keep saying
flexy my glute ... flex my glute ... flex my glute ... flex my glute ''
it may be the only time you get to see other lands and cultures and it will definitely give you a wider view of the world and your place in it .
do n't place too much emphasis on stuff or the acquisition thereof .
things come and go but what really matters are the people in your life .
learn to smile not just outwardly but from the inside as well .
knowing yourself and being comfortable with who you are is the best education you will ever get and will be the hardest to achieve .
the world in which we live if so full of wonder and amazing things you will miss them if you become shrouded in negativity .
if you have trouble remembering how watch a child under the age of five encountering something for the first time .
i still maintain that there must be some theatre which people will be dressing up and going to ...
it would be helpful to pay off the liberal art degree student loans .
well those journalists had no identifying markings and were embedded with an armed group https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=5rxprfnu3g0 t=3m40s .
and even assange has conceded that there probably were aks and an rpg ' http www.foxnews.com/politics/2010/04/07/military-raises-questions-credibility-leaked-iraq-shooting-video .
so it 's understandable why those guys are n't considered guilty of murder .
i have proposed the idea of building a clandestine organization before .
you might die at 110 years old or a plane might crash into the building you 're currently in within 10 minutes .
regardless it 's gon na happen so you might as well try and enjoy everything while you can .
that being said situational awareness will definitely keep you on this planet a little longer .
you do n't have the break the law for the state to make your life unlivable if you annoy them .
if the problem now is that the companies shift funds internationally and pay them out to a bank account elsewhere do you think that 'll fix it ?
banks that do not divulge transparency to tax agencies accross the world need to be put in quarantine until they do .
i just had done a report on shrooms in high school so i 'm entirely willing to admit if my opinion is unfounded .
however i got the idea that they 're okay from this study https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/psilocybin_mushroom spiritual_and_well_being that was done at johns hopkins university .
this seems pretty compelling for a pro-shrooms '' case .
do you think it is because it was only psilocybin and not the mushroom itself ?
you mean there 's something wrong with a first pas the post voting system that utilizes an electoral college wherein states with a lighter population hold more voting power than more populus states ?
it 's not like someone can with the electoral vote with less than 30 of the popular vote right ?
the melancholic sombre atmosphere and the big overwhelming fairytale-like landscapes capture the essence of the european dark romanticism '' part of late romantic and give you the feeling of infinite longing and loneliness .
dark souls is a perfect representation of the art of that epoch .
all these small elements mentioned contribute to the uniqueness of the 1st dark souls specifically .
slayer tools i 'm guessing like face mask and stuff ?
i do n't support that as that 's why you unlock the slayer helm .
my mother was very open to the idea of losing fat with me i made sure to express my concerns about her getting diabetes as she has been prediabetic for a few years now .
it started with having her count her own calories but she refused to measure and therefore had little success .
i now measure weigh prepare and track all her food we eat the same thing so it 's not that big of a deal and we go to the gym together 3 times a week .
i found that going to the gym was essential to motivating her to eat well because she does n't want her hard work to go to waste her words not mine .
after a few talks i 'm helping her change her view of food she now sees it as medicine instead of fun .
she 's lost 7 pounds in about a month and a half so it 's a little slow but very good .
my advice would be to do as much as you can but remember not to lose your own goals and wellness along the way .
conor seems very emotionally invested for saying every time he can that he does n't give a shit .
it would set the mood lovely if the last gen consoles died when they should have two years ago .
crud defines 4 actions to a particular domain model ... create retreive update delete ... its not a pattern its 4 basic functions of any system that uses persistence and you can not avoid it .
also it does n't force your opponent to go minus and it 's a level lower .
no you 're weird because you 're making a claim that 's unfalsifiable .
i 'd really like to hear how you would describe the atmosphere in the first dark souls .
you can let gp through if you play against fnc tho
they 'll be playing today utc+04 against japan which will be a huge match for them .
war-torn iraq winning the 2007 asian cup against saudi arabia was one of my favourite football moments ever and syria qualifying for the world cup would compare .
mouseover or click to view the metric conversion for this comment http fiddle.jshell.net/convertstometric/xhk4y5h5/show/light ? 7 20feet 20 202.1 20m 0a 7 feet 2.1 m
ekko top is weak as is ekko jungle elise can invade him super hard and at no point can he 2v2 or 3v3 her in any lane .
as long as elise applies pressure at the same spot as ekko she 'll easily win the jungle match up .
i 'm having a hard time finding someone to change my pokemons iv and its nature .
bloodborne was a game where evrything was based on level .
i prefere das system over it expecially if putting it mean having reduced health something i have hated .
it 's pretty much confirmed that he slept with tolki while she was still married to sam .
he broke up the engagement between his current gf sovitia and her last bf gara .
he 's been trying to get with dizzy ever since he met her even though he 's known that she 's had a bf for the past 2-3 years now .
i ca n't imagine how many other relationships waffle has/tired to break up .
and of course as everyone else has been mentioning what he 's doing to nerdfusion is fucked up and incredibly unprofessional .
i hope he never does a night stream with lirik and shortyy again and nerdfusion kicks him out .
i thought it was gon na be gash from the videos but i was waaaay wrong .
are you watching the stream with same pc you should n't ?
because watching it uses 5-40 of your cpu at worst .
if obs is not dropping frames then connection is not the problem .
you can change the downscale filtering to lanczos 32 samples if you want .
should be best quality and it uses gpu for it .
consider changing that cpu preset to something faster if you are facing this warning high cpu encoding '' .
you can monitor the usage for example with task manager .
your cpu should n't ever peak at 100 use because that 's when it starts lagging behind .
sexy hot and beautiful those nipples are amazing looks like they could use a little pinching nibbling and sucking ! !
the thing that gets me is people shaming everyone for booing for being unsportsmanlike .
one is no better than the other no matter how much justification one tries .
then tell the yell leaders to bust out the horses laugh yell more .
they entirely stopped doing it towards the end of frans tenure and i rarely heard during sherm .
but the original source we obtain them from can .
so the original point just does n't seem as a valid argument .
it 's not like our brain already came prebuilt with facts .
it 's like the difference between streaming and downloading .
the end result is the same with the former you save on precious storage and the latter you just save bandwidth for the future .
if you have unlimited bandwidth why not just stream your information .
especially for fact like steve wozniak was born in 1950 '' .
your post has been removed for being general without specific detail or is a frequently posted topic https www.reddit.com/r/summonerschool/wiki/rules wiki_3._frequently_posted_topics which you can read about on our rules page https www.reddit.com/r/summonerschool/wiki/rules wiki_3._frequently_posted_topics for more details .
for most content of this nature we have a weekly simple questions/simple answers thread stickied for small/generic posts and encourage you to re-post your content there .
you can read all of our subreddit 's rules here r/summonerschool/w/rules .
if you would like more information about this removal please message_the_moderators http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fsummonerschool
clicked your linked like wth is this '' instantly noped out of there as soon as i realised what it was
you look like you heard a really long drawn-out joke about an utter failure at life and how he rejects society and owns it and is happy with who he is and you took it way too fucking seriously .
that 's so cool i 've never heard that before
since someone already mentioned transistor dark souls was pretty amazing to me
stl has a good defense and chi is awful .
it 's not the end of the world but just surprising .
someone else mentioned it was because they were cheaper .
bryon similarly took a step towards him the orb crackling .
can anybody give me the pokerus virus to one of my pokemon i can offer up a chimchar if anybody is interested .
i had a dream last night i was eating a giant marshmallow .
as a temporary solution the crash can be fixed with the tweak ytoldnav '' from http repo.ioscreatix.com
please refrase correct the bit about polish death camps '' this can and will be interpreted as camps organized and ran by poles '' and nothing is further from the truth these were german nazi death camps built on polish soil
the train level is probably one of my favorite levels in video games .
i prefer pvp in bloodborne a hundred times more than dark souls 1 2 !
it 's enough to overlook the waiting times at least for me ! !
some people like to win and only win some people like to show off their creative or silly deck some people like to make huge plays or drop down huge creatures .
congrats man was hoping for something like this with quarters being in uk again and bbc3 is a perfect fit as are you do n't know stress though .
i 'll be at day 1 so look forward to being on bbc3 .
whenever there 's a commit to ftc_app you 'll be able to merge it into your fork .
if you 're using the github for windows application it 'll tell you when there 's an update available .
the thing is that weapons/items are ordered by you or npc 's .
its like buying something on ebay except fedex only offers the 7 business day shipping
sometimes the police will go after people for the stupidest things .
you 're right as you 're much more likely to have a lawyer on your trail for a case of copyright infringement .
but the cops still do stipid and rather strange things .
i felt a great disturbance in the force as if millions of masturbators suddenly cried out in terror and were suddenly silenced .
yeah fuck her for being nuanced and actually making statements about something she can be knowledgeable about what she learned about it '' instead of blindly nuking the entire thing !
we 'll just have to agree to disagree on the server smash thing .
i 've always seen it as a bit of a ham-fisted affair .
do n't get me wrong the psb guys do an amazing job with what they have to work with .
i just think that they should have something better to work with .
while i 'm not surprised that the act of replicating accounts across to jaeger would be an extremely manual task i 'm a bit disappointed .
depending on the database structure and operating environment i could have a script that would do the job ready in anywhere for a few hours to a couple of weeks depending solely on how much i 'd have to learn .
in short you pull a list of names from psb you run through the list querying each name off the login database your build a new character based on the given character name with unique ss id tacked on and you inject that back into the database as a jaeger character under the player 's account .
after the characters are created you do a blanket grant of cert points .
i absolutely know there are admin commands that both grant certs and change faction i saw higby do it a hundred times .
i could do something like that in powershell sql in under fifty lines of code .
for another hundred lines of code i could build a nice little .net ui for it as well .
and i could do that in half a day .
now i 'm no fool and so i highly doubt they 're running on a windows server platform but the principal remains the same .
you get someone in there who knows the script for the platform/database and they could grind out that automation in very short order .
i 'd bet a lot of the code would come boilerplate right off the web .
that gives ss players a real name during ss and it keeps them logging in as themselves .
guilty beyond a reasonable doubt is the burden of proof for prosecutors in criminal trials .
but since no laws are actually being broken here and this is a grievance between two private entities without involving the state then clearly civil law applies .
and the burden of proof for civil law goes something like if i remember correctly the preponderance of evidence must be such that a reasonable person would find the defendant guilty .
that is a far lower standard of proof as oj simpson would be glad to tell you .
by you 're idea of the way the game should be moderated players should n't even be kicked from the server without iron clad proof of cheating .
that 's like saying you ca n't even be detained for questioning until first found guilty in court .
there is a difference between what is humanly possible '' and what is possible for a true br3/0dp player '' .
as far as i 'm concerned if someone is creating a brand new dbg account then they are either a a brand new player trying the game for the first time or b sketchy as fuck and deserving a very close look .
so far the only good reason the one provided by you for a person to be logging in on a second account and average 3-4 kpm is when they are being assigned that second account and are logging into a server that is locked to the general public .
that is way outside the realm of live play '' .
everything you are talking about leads to one thing lets give cheaters a place to hide . ''
where ever you place the kick-flag limit the cheaters will gladly just dial it down slightly below that point .
i have no problem with players doing very well .
it 's when a seemingly brand new player is doing very well that red flags should be raised .
and that 's where the dolphins get caught in the net .
if they 'd have just stayed on their real accounts they would n't have had that problem .
just look at the world we 're living in now .
maybe it should have been called 2084 but i digress .
the point is that even if you are completely on the up up in every other way if you are wrecking everyone in the area and people keeping seeing you in their kill screen over and over as a br 5/0dp player they are going to think you are cheating .
it makes no difference that you are n't cheating .
people will say there 's a cheater i 'm leaving . ''
i am sure my doc would advise against mixing it with my meds .
honestly part of it is the novelty of legalization .
i can get large quantities of this .999 silver shot all day .
can give you much cheaper prices if you buy larger quantities too .
༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ clg take my faith ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ
༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ clg take my faith ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ clg take my faith ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ clg take my faith ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ clg take my faith ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ clg take my faith ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ clg take my faith ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ clg take my faith ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ clg take my faith ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ clg take my faith ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ
there are some cool things to find in there including two observation towers bear hill and wright 's a cool little waterfall on the far eastern edge of the part and a disused soap box derby track adjacent to the sheepfold that you can ride down so it 's worth exploring the whole place those open to bikes anyway including that little bit south of south border road and the part east of i-93 .
how many cocks could a woodcocksucker suck if woodcocksuckers could suck cocks .
probably meant to signify some sort of coat of arms or city flag someone from the prop department probably thought it looked coat-of-armsy enough and put it there .
i thought this card would see a lot of play because it 's actually decent and filled an important niche in shaman decks .
the main problem is just as reynad said shaman has shitty cards with shitty drawbacks and nobody wants to bet ladder ranks on rng when they do n't have to .
my addition is that anything shaman can do other classes can do better .
when it comes to tempo mage beats shaman every time .
when it comes to control warlock warrior and priest beat shaman every time .
when it comes to combos warrior and druid beat shaman every time .
there 's just no place in shaman that you look at and think wow shaman really is ahead of the competition here . ''
funny enough before thaurissan came out this would have been a great meta to play shaman in .
thaurissan just completely turned the druid vs shaman warrior vs shaman and handlock vs shaman matchups on their heads .
a decade or two ago i remember there was a gang called the who-dem boys in a nearby city .
really glad i never met any of them because i 'm pretty sure they 'd have shot me for laughing so hard .
my advice if you go to exchange it and they say at not enough for warranty .
say you would like them too for peace of mind and the fact how much it costs .
apple is very good at keeping their customers happy .
my phone is perfect as far as i know .
and i 'm not about to go try and looking for things that are n't perfect like i did before .
i would exchange unless you really do n't care .
4 years ago i bought a mac mini and still working great some months ago i bought a macbok air and worth so much to work not for gaming if you can buy a mac mini do it or you can try install hackintosh but i do n't recommend .
having any lights visible would suck when you 're running silent and trying to escape .
or the other option of course is to get a real job that is n't involving motorcycles or racing .
so if i bought an item at your store thus supporting you you 're obligated to provide me with a job ?
that sound people make while chewing that sounds like a cow slobbering everywhere .
this reddit could do with one of those bots that replies automatically to the same questions over and over .
i think he might have struggled to stay healthy .
on the other hand it opens up an entirely new world of cinematography and if the filmmaker makes the best use out of it we can get some really neat videos .
how does sony vegas pro hold up to hitfilm 3 express ?
je mehr menschen in einer stadt leben desto eher werden rote fußgängeranpeln ignoriert .
es reicht einer der drüber geht damit es alle anderen auch tun .
und die wahrscheinlichkeit ist eben höher wenn es mehr menschen gibt die an der ampel stehen .
so according to you less freedom of choice equals better game design .
well i would most certainly enjoy a dose of whatever you are on i imagine the hangover must be excruciating though .
exactly for 20k him and his brother can fix the teeth and have the most baller 5 star stay in korea for a few weeks .
i saw cavalera conspiracy and there was this really old guy who would literally act as if he was worshipping max cavalera as a god .
also he grabbed the arm of the dude next to him and started playing it like a guitar .
like 20 but i do n't want to put you through the trouble
nobody with gold has it set as a home console ?
in 5e a natural 20 is always a hit and always a critical hit .
everyone 's talking about the dumb graveyard but i 'm just freaking out because it looks like ollie has a van dyke beard when he 's wearing this new costume .
what do you mean by a division and they also eat concepts
pla is fine for someone with corn allergies due to the processing hence it being used so much if food packaging and disposable cutlery .
though there is a fair bit of debate of what would constitute as a food safe '' 3d printed part .
i have n't seen black mass but i agree with what you said about series of events having to serve an overall context .
although i would say that above dialogue the intention of the scene itself what it 's trying to say as an individual unit and how it contributes to the overall theme of the story is more important than the dialogue itself .
there was some botchy stuff but a overall it was still a pretty technically sound match and b the psychology and emotion more than made up for it .
plus it kind of fits the idea of an ironman match where both competitors are exhausted you would n't expect everything to be super smooth at the end .
if you want to invest in stocks then you have to follow certain rules and strategies .
now if we could just score on a pp i would be soooooooooo happy !
some of them are more muted than others yeah .
the most flavorful for me so far has been good ol ' vanilla custard apple jerks milk maid and cinillabun shake unsure if i 'm spelling that right too tired to check .
let me tell you one thing brother down the line his neck is going to be all fucked up from german suplexing all these giant dudes .
he needs some juice from vince so he can get that extra leverage
i think it 's because people associate lemans with the machine that won it not the drivers that does .
depends on your personal taste but there 's plenty of great shows i 'd place on the level of peaky blinders .
while teaching something to a bunch of high school students .
played with rng and im players we won 16-13 and went 24-3-8
so select a max of 2 of your net preference in that order .
this is the dumbest fucking thing read in a long time so congratulations .
any reason they ca n't have exhibits explaining and relating the math and engineering ?
yea because it 's an art http dictionary.reference.com/browse/art gallery .
the terms not very ambiguous neither in strict or common usage .
you might have an argument of it was the art of videogames which would imply the talent and skill involved in the overall making of them .
in the same way that you 'd expect something titled the art of film '' to cover numerous aspects of the process .
which in fact is a series that exists and does just that .
this is clearly an art gallery though in the same way a concept art book would be expected to contain..just that art .
videogames being art which you apparently are arguing for very vehemently..and inappropriately in this context does not stop individual pieces from those videogames from being art .
in the same way a movie as a whole is art and so are the individual frames .
now calm the fuck down and go have a snickers bar or something .
someone should of shot them like they shot sammy yatim
i forget that sarcasm does n't do well via text .
look the robot landed on it 's stomach and took a beating from 2 ft in the air .
heck it did n't even land in the water !
you wo n't have to do the normal ending again you can backtrack and start working on the final goals of the true pacifist ending as soon as you spare mettaton in the core though there is a bit of extra dialogue if you were to finish the neutral ending again and doing so wo n't harm you .
a few minor scenes during the game will play out slightly differently because you reset the game but this has absolutely no impact on your run or the ending .
a roundabout strategy that could help do improvisational writing flow of consciousness writing or any other exercise where you write with no plan .
this could help build up the mechanical habit of writing without a plan or an outline .
well ... on one hand futami sui finally got a work animated ... i 've been waiting forever for this to happen .
on the other i 'm disappointed they went for the more ecchi work .
i would have preferred sekai maou or sora no shita yane no naka be adapted .
replace lushen with briand wind death knight awaken and 5 star him .
maybe syracuse is the confused backwater so many people claim it is .
ok the sushi thing is beaten to death so i wo n't even bother .
quality is questionable sales people are pushy and a lot of the designs are downright tacky .
plus it 's just another boring albeit locally based chain .
check out adirondack furniture or marty 's barn cellar instead .
los blancos is great but um they 're not bluegrass .
no thanks give me dr. frank herman weimer or a slew of others instead .
for a cool under the radar winery with some decent reds check out dusseau spelling ?
i can only think of one food specific festival and it won .
while i love wegmans the sushi is passable in my book fwiw it 's not a neighborhood market .
in fact it 's pretty much the antithesis of one .
i like the soundgarden and all but how relevant is this category in 2015 ?
onondaga lake park is not a great place to ride a bike .
highland/bear swamp/green lakes for mtb erie canal for mut paths and anywhere south of occ east of fayetteville or west of camillus for road riding .
cny is loaded with great places to ride bikes much more so than many other areas .
onondaga lake park is n't even a contender in best place to ride .
world of beer is great for a mall option .
book version the attack happened out in the open but there was a lot of chaos going on at the time so it 's not impossible .
the wildling leaders will never fall for it but the black brothers might .
it 's a flimsy excuse but good enough to do what they wanted to do anyway and kick out or murder all of the wildlings under their care .
only they are badly outnumbered and things will end very poorly for the conspirators and the watch as a whole if they do n't mend fences very quickly .
the queen 's men will only make things worse and some of the wildlings might attack the tower especially if the giant is killed .
loyalties are further split with the wannabe kotn candidate who is trying to ingratiate himself with the southerners plus the magnar of thenn who is married to alys karstark and would prefer peace so he can keep his new lands .
show version the traitor '' sign makes it seem like they wanted to send a message .
i do n't think they 'll cover it up .
d d made this more like caesar 's assassination where the conspirators had everyone get a stab in so nobody could claim innocence .
instead of just three or four murderers they brought half of castle black maybe more .
tormund wo n't be happy but i do n't see this organically sparking a huge conflict in the showniverse .
wun-wun has n't started thrashing anybody and there are no queen 's men in the area to make things worse .
d d might have alliser thorne go on a wildling pogrom to force the conflict .
just that they are expensive and export/import law make it difficult to get tank oversea .
pssshhh ha ha you expect a body like the un to actually read shit ?
no body like that actually reads their shit https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/read_the_bills_act .
i thought that this was u/sex_ss now posting on facebook .
people were defending 2000 for a sweatshirt in his live youtube interview .
this was insane to me i knew it could n't be true .
both teams are good options as the ponies ' faces match those teams ' most famous quarterbacks .
considering your post history leave him delete all his info from your phone change your number and never contact him again .
listened to the whole drake x future mixtape and could n't understand 90 of what he is saying .
he speaks clearly in interviews but his flow on his songs is just lazy .
it really depends on the band it 's definitely a lot more popular for melodic hardcore than metalcore but some bands august burns red and northlane come to mind still have quite a few good vinyl options
night of 100 frights which we originally planned to do but we also had a fan request it .
we do n't usually take requests but it 's just too good to pass up on .
as well as that our trek through lavendar town 's pokemon tower in our pokemon nuzlocke will probably line up with halloween as well .
dunno if you 've gathered but we do n't really play horror games .
honestly it 's oodles better than last year when we just uploaded an hour long video of us playing afterfall insanity a pretty mediocre dead space clone .
honestly some of these tag heuers really look like fossils .
those skeleton monacos are awesome but the normal round ones..
the whaaambulance will along shortly with a fresh supplies of tissues and a nice soothing there-there '' for ya newman once they finish up at tones of course actually they could be a while .
i spent a good half hour shouting random shit at it and nothing seemed to be working .
i could n't choose any language under talspråk either so i just assumed it was n't working for me .
haha that 's the data point you pull from it ?
check in with me at the end of the season i 'm interested to see how things work out .
automod relies on people using the correct tags in post .
this is a tech post and should be marked as such .
i think i 've learnt more about the game in the last 20 minutes than i have in 20 years of playing .
low aluminium prices definitely outweigh all the positives so i think its a short .
it get 's a lot of beating understandably but i love d it .
i can see it 's not for everyone but it 's touching and goes deep i fibd it 's using the walking simulator approach perfectly .
i thought you had to be in range of the ghost ! ?
i 've never really liked it until i moved and went to the one by my house .
personally i love the way my boyfriend smells when he 's been sweating .
sometimes i smell his used shirts i know but the smell really turns me on and reminds me of him when he 's gone .
cameron 's centrism shines through when you consider his 50 minimum wage increase
which is completely offset by his pretty much abolition of tax credits .
that 's not a left/right issue that 's common decency .
it 's alright talking about it inequality is at its greatest ever level right now .
that 's not really centrist either it 's not a left/right issue .
what does being spoiled and entitled have to do with reddits poor opinion 7bad ?
i know it 's the typical republican catch phrases for anyone who 's critical of anything but how is it applicable in this instance ?
i thought it could have been that too but my buddy has a real hard on for spring fishing and he told me it was a jack .
it 's hard to tell though because it was so small .
she is on tour with idina menzel in if/then right now .
deedee 's role is small i think and she is a major character understudy again .
check to see if the tour is coming to your area .
do you have the lock zoom option ticked within the control section of the interface settings ?
i was just told over the phone by the directorate of emergency services that the suspect has been caught .
2 ali do n't necessarily like it long term but for the test series it 's a viable option .
3 taylor not going to happen but he really should have a go
6 stokes poor summer but he can win matches for you aka nz lords
8 rashid no point taking him all this way for nothing .
10 wood maybe a dull reason but i love his overall enthusiasm since coming in .
the country does n't even exist any more yet it was a major european power not that long ago .
the vram requirements are 3gb for nvidia 4gb for amd .
it seems that dao children from the great sects really are pretty badass ... .
you should have put quotation marks in the title to remark that
for many of them the biggest harm they suffer is th police arresting them and then getting charged and convicted for a drug offense .
that makes it harder to get a job and can send people into a spiral
i transitioned into an office job though so i am now a fellow paper pusher .
oh i do n't know i think it came out but i 'm not totally sure
your post has been removed for the following reason s the spoiler code does not work in titles only in comments .
please check the link flair guide http imgur.com/a/sndkr and resubmit with a different title and then select the appropriate spoiler link flair .
if you do not have the spoiler code in your title this post will be approved shortly by the moderators sorry for the inconvenience !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/stardustcrusaders if you have any questions or concerns .
it 's added to my list of things to upload give me a day or two
my two cents everyone stereotypes the people they meet .
if you choose to dress talk or act a certain way i 'm going to assume you are that way .
you are welcome to prove me wrong but it does n't make me sexist or an asshole to assume you are what you look like .
i am a good boy and i would like a mountainbike for my birthday .
posted the same thing ... wonder if we went to the same high school or if there are two sets of a-hole parents out there .
m headin out to work out now see ya later
do we know if third ward will be the way it is for years to come ?
it 's mindblowing such a horrible area can be in such prime location between everything great like eado muesums midtown ...
explain why the kid dies when bite victim lived or them being on stage and the fact that this was before fnaf 2 and the bite happened after fnaf 2
i do n't feel the actual semen itself but i have felt the throbbing/twitching of his dick and knew it was happening .
except that the article did n't say that the police though the threat was n't serious .
they essentially said police could n't show up based on a threat alone .
which seems weird to me but i 'm guessing there is more to the story .
i 'm in a stable relationship with my spouse .
individual player collectors still buy lots of common cards .
so if you have a bunch of jeters bonds arods riveras anyone basically just round up their specific cards and sell them as a lot on ebay .
i 'm at work right now i will get you the dimensions of my tank when i get off for ya !
guesstimate tour medium tanks and airforce based on argentinas then everything else looks alright
nirsoft is a very very highly respected developer of windows utilities .
their software is known for being barebones get-the-job-done kind of deals .
if he posted it as a joke and left out the drunk part it would have been a little funny .
proplanerol suicide attempts and overdoses are really rare so i thought it was worth the chance .
i was tripping really hard for awhile and then would have seizures which i would n't remember having .
but when they brought me back i was seeing giant snakes and spiders in the hospital room and it was freaky .
a few gods pretty much need 40 towards the end of the game to really have staying power in team fights .
for those gods even 5 can make a difference .
i wan na know more about the volley launcher that was datamined .
there 's much weirder stuff out there though this is relatively tame in comparison .
in any other division in baseball we 'd win the division
no that 's exactly the right country to blame for 9/11 .
i remember years ago hearing that the actor was later convicted of sex crimes .
this was the problem that i had with it for a very long time as well .
the bang system https www.duckduckgo.com/bang is what eventually made me switch to ddg .
if you do n't see what you 're looking for type ! g at the end of your search and you get google results .
you can also do cool stuff like ! gt-english will search google translate with the configuration set for detect language to english .
also the bangs make it a lot faster in general to get around even without a search term attached to it .
the bangs are what i use the most and will miss the most if i ever switch to another search engine .
it 's a great dilemma but as a matter of principle i would n't start two from one team .
al qaeda was a fundamental reason for the military presence in middle eastern and central asian countries .
if i 'm having a conversation with someone and they find a fault in my logic for something .
lived in burnaby in early 90s just moved back 3 years ago after spending time in almost every region of the province .
i will leave the area as soon as i find work in my field elsewhere .
good paycheck is what 's keeping me here but i miss the freedom and space of the country .
yall beg for 90 's physicality then a simple shove happens and everyone complains how lebron is an asshole or is dirty or this was uncalled for .
baze was pissing him off so he put him in his place .
either way i do n't think that it matters who commits the crime if it is done out of hate ... you will find people who hater in every race religion orientation ect
no idea i just listein to older rap because i hate nikki minaj .
my dream is for torpedoes to do even more damage and just have a torpedo viper for group pvp or assassination missions .
sit in the back and wait for a teammate to drop shields on a conda and you go in full speed with torpedoes and just wreck the hull !
but i think scbs kind of ruin that at the moment since its nearly impossible to drop shields on the bigger ships .
percentages will always be in relation to your damage so 13 on 100d is 13 points of extra damage but when you reach 1000d that 13 is now worth 130 points .
the flip is that stat bonuses do n't just effect your damage the 25 focus is also worth extra mana and increased execute chance as well as elemental damage .
there is a camper in the background you just cant see him
i was playing as arabia and i conquered portugal .
i 've always tried to be everybody 's friend and avoid war but shaka wanted to declare war on portugal and they had horses so i thought why not ?
i was so happy that i finally had conquered a civ but maria i looked so dejected when she was defeated only saying something along the lines of i hope you will treat my people with the respect they deserve '' and looking really sad .
i will not buy any game where r2 is and has to be shoot .
so far if this is not added before the final version i will not be buying this game .
i give my daughter an 8oz bottle of milk with her in bed for bedtime .
my mom says i should not be giving her a bottle in bed .
i feel if i give her a bottle before bed and then put her down she wo n't fall asleep .
i want to share my squad with you guys since i know a lot of you are up in the air about who to use in terms of players and formations .
let me begin by saying i have used players that are reasonably priced and i have not been able to acquire aguero hazard except on loan alexis silva etc .
i have completed nearly 100 games of fut and i have a feel for the players and their capabilities .
so here are some things to maybe help you guys put together a squad .
i 'm sure you have read elsewhere and this is completely up to you in terms of the one you use but hands down the best formation i have used and currently use is the 4-2-3-1 2 .
this formation allows the best attacking options for me while staying strong and getting back on defense .
it also allows for a smooth midfield and the passing is seamless for the most part .
gk asmir begovic the guy is 6'6 '' for god sake .
he seems to always be in the correct positioning and has never really let me down in terms of letting in easy goals and he makes spectacular saves almost every game .
that being said gk 's are n't a huge point of emphasis in this year 's fifa simply because the gk ai has been optimized '' so most keepers are balanced .
rb pablo zabaleta i have n't really experimented with many rb 's so this is one of the positions i lack information .
the only other rb i have used is darmian and he just did n't seem up to par .
zabaleta is much stronger and tends to win the ball more often .
cb 's vincent kompany gary cahill hands down the two best bpl centre-halfs to me .
others i have used include jagielka phil jones chris smalling otamendi rojo and alderweireld .
no one seems to have the power and knowledge that kompany and cahill possess .
lb leighton baines this one is a no-brainer leighton baines absolutely dominates the pitch .
he is back when he needs to be and is always in the perfect position when you go high up the pitch .
he scores amazing goals outside the box and he is a great option as a left footed fk taker .
cdm 's ramires marouane fellaini ramires is kind of a given but i 'm sure you 're asking yourself fellaini ? ? ?
do n't let his sub-par rating and cheap price push you away i promise he is worth every penny .
he wins 99.9 of headers that come his way defenders literally run into him and bounce off and he always stays in the perfect position right outside the box so you can feed him the ball for a relatively easy goal .
i am not lying about this one he has just as many goals if not more than my strikers .
cam christian eriksen eriksen is a great attacking mid .
his passes go pretty much exactly where you want them every time and he always makes runs after completing his passes .
he has a terrific shot and scores outside the box on many occasions .
he has a 5-star weak foot so you can shoot from pretty much anywhere with him not to mention he has a decent fk as well .
overall eriksen is a well-rounded player and i plan on purchasing his if when the price goes down .
lm memphis depay this was hard to choose memphis because i have used nasri as well and he is amazing the only thing he lacks is pace .
i know pace is nerfed in this fifa but it is still important on the wings and memphis delivers .
i 'm still salty that he was knocked down to 4 skills this year but they still work great .
he 's quick and agile and evades defenders well .
i take the ball in with my wingers a lot and memphis is the better player for that .
if you create and pass with your wingers nasri may be the better option .
rm willian the bpl really lacks quality rm 's i used shaqiri before and do n't get me wrong he is strong and fast but willian is next level .
he keeps possession well and is able to get down the wing quickly .
st rondon remy martial i switch strikers almost every match .
the 3 i listed have been the ones who performed the best for me .
rondon is strong and he just knocks defenders away from him he is also the only one listed with 4 skill weak foot combination .
martial is pacey and the only thing he lacks is the skill moves he does well at getting into space and has a great first touch .
remy is obviously the fastest of the three and what he lacks in other areas he makes up for in height he is the only striker who consistently won headers out of the three .
i hope this guide helps you guys in deciding players to use in your squad .
this is the first guide i have ever made so it 's probably not the best you will see but if i get some positive feedback i will make more for you guys in the future .
here is a link to my squad so you can see more in depth
ok so cards on the table in my current observer playthrough that i 'm just messing around with i used console commands to make both empress mauda of eire and her husband have both the genius and strong traits to see if they spawn a line of superhuman irishmen .
their first kid cuchulainn did n't get their brawn or their brains but i assume that 's just the random number god doing its thing .
weirdly however their second child medb has the inbred trait .
i checked over both mauda and hubby 's lineages to see if they were even vaguely related and they were n't .
tldr how could two entirely unrelated characters could produce an inbred baby ?
this is an idea i had for an au where gravity falls and rick and morty are in the same universe .
essentially when ford comes out of the portal he brings along rick who is the only reason he was kept sane during his time in the other universe and rick starts to mooch off of their stuff while he 's trying to fix his portal gun which was broken which is the reason he was stuck with ford in the first place .
anyway i have no idea where this came from i just thought it was a fun idea .
do i need alot of gear to be good in pvp ?
how close am i to being a balanced class ? willing i notice my self getting better ?
today on our journey through 31 days of horror we will be discussing rosemary 's baby !
join us tomorrow as we discuss the original night of the living a dead !
this is a logo i made http imgur.com/a/i6ga8 and have recently taken an interest in graphic design .
i 'm in high school and am wondering what i can do to improve my design .
images video after yesterday 's single screen thread https www.reddit.com/r/mariomaker/comments/3nv724/give_me_your_single_screen_stages i was inspired to make one in my favorite game and level style a smb3 airship .
technically there are 2 screens the one-screen exterior and the one-screen interior .
the exterior is just to give a sense of boarding the ship . ''
lots of rocky wrenches a bill cannon and a couple of buzz saws await .
with all the wrenches and bullet bills incoming things can get a little hectic .
i left the timer at full in case everything syncs up in such a way that makes it hard to pass you can still have time for an opening to appear .
as always feedback is welcome and if you play i 'd love to check out one of your levels !
images/video exterior http i.imgur.com/pzlgrq3.jpg and interior http i.imgur.com/sklq3lp.jpg of the tiny ship .
so we use office 365 for email im and sharepoint currently .
everything is hosted by microsoft we have nothing on-prem for these services .
our office 365 deployment is in no way connected to our ad domain .
currently users have to maintain an ad login as well as an o365 login .
so first i 'm moving from managing everything via the admin console to managing via powershell but i 'm really confused at all the modules needed to do this .
it seems you need a module for o365/exchange management one for sharepoint one for skype for business and you also need the ad services module as well ? .
currently i am able to manage o365 admin plus exchange using the msonline module what do i need to manage skype and sharepoint ?
second one of my goals is to federate i think i 'm using this term correctly ?
our domain with our o365 domain so our users can have one login for our domain and all of o365 .
as i understand it i need to basically set up adfs to federate with o365 but i 'm not sure if i have this correct ?
i 'm sure it 's more involved than that .
lastly i guess i do n't fully understand what sharepoint is .
i always thought it was just a file sharing service but i 'm seeing it 's much more than that .
i know i 'm only seeing the tip of a massive iceberg and i know we do n't utilize sharepoint to its full potential so i 'm looking for good reference material on how to manage this service .
in general i 'm wondering if anyone has any articles or books they 'd recommend for these services ?
seems like i find an article on how to do something then find another one completely contradictory instructions .
also i do n't understand why these services are so fragmented ?
i see the framework for a really cool platform but it seems it was poorly implemented .
am i just crazy or is the something everyone else thinks ?
i always thought aws was hard to make sense of but after seeing microsoft 's cloud '' system i ca n't believe i ever used to think that .
edit is there an outline describing all of microsoft 's services and how they integrate with each other ?
that would be really helpful if it even exists .
i am 100 sure i picked them up and i know it was on this character since this is the only one i 've been playing since ttk came out .
it is n't counting a few from patrol one from regicide and one from the raid .
if i had a group of 3 is there any way to get us all into the same game at once ?
still loves me but still petrified of becoming a father .
he 's doing some soul searching with the aid of his psychologist .
i saw my psychiatrist and will be getting a referral to a psychologist for counselling for myself .
there may be joint counseling on the cards in the immediate future .
he does want to come to the ob appointment next week .
he still does n't know how he feels about the baby .
i 've talked with him about how i 've been feeling .
i 've had a really shit week with bad nausea and the inability to eat much .
i 've also pulled a ligament somewhere coughing so i 'm rather miserable .
my sense of smell is on overdrive so everything is cack and my boobs are on fire .
i 've been sleeping a lot due to overwhelming fatigue plus it 's the only relief i get from the nausea .
the fiancé has been more sympathetic about how i 'm feeling .
none of the tanks that i had before the open beta are there anymore and i have no free xp .
in literally every league game i play the commentary brings up how my opponent plays birmingham city next .
does anyone know if this is legitimately how the schedule is or if it 's some weird glitch ?
how many 10 packs does it take to get a 3 star hero ?
i have done over 15 ten packs and still have n't received any of the 3 star heroes .
how many packs did you pull before your first 3 star not including the first pull of course and what did ya get ?
i had a nice one last night about developing a dental abscess ... which my brain portrayed as blackened skin and my jaw rotting away yum yum .
i 've been really excited to own the game and thanks to u/rethnor i finally do .
at first i was a bit worried the promotion would have expired but thankfully it did n't .
my laptop is n't the best in the world but as mentioned in my comment i can actually run the game on low-medium !
i 'm super super excited to play the game and i hope to put in many hours into it .
this is the third first 2 being peace walker and ground zeroes on the xbone metal gear game i 've played not including the demo for rising revengence and this game is the pinnacle of the series .
it was a really nice giveaway on u/rethnor 's behalf and i thank him again for it .
i also say to everyone who entered the giveaway that i hope that you find a way to play the game because it honestly is just an incredible game and there 's a reason many reviewers gave it a 10/10 .
thank you one last time u/rethnor and thank you pcmr .
most of the people here are fucking amazing and nice and it always bothers me when i see you guys mentioned in a bad light in other subs .
people are always going to talk shit about this sub and how it 's a circlejerk sub '' but i 've lurked here for a while and i know for a fact that you guys are n't like that most of the time .
some of you are very understanding of people who use consoles given that they are n't retarded and talk about how superior consoles are ... . and i appreciate that .
edit i have no idea what to flair this ... help ?
it is too hot here and too noisy and they are all getting drunk .
bran itched under his grey and white woolens and suddenly he wished he were anywhere but here .
steam is rising off the hot pools and the red leaves of the weirwood are rustling .
the smells are richer than here and before long the moon will rise and my brother will sing to it .
the waking dream had been so vivid for a moment bran had not known where he was . ''
just inspired by tim burton wanting the rock as is second choice for willy wonka .
i have played a ton of different stuff but my primary genre for the past two years has been sort of lofi hip hop instrumentals .
think adult swim bump music in the early 2000 's
how many of you would like something like that ?
i 'd love to do something like this if there was enough interest .
hi there i 'm struggling to achieve something by myself .
i have done a lot so far but i got stuck .
i need some more experienced and smarter people to help me out .
this is not illegal but i ca n't tell details because i do n't wan na attract attention from unwanted people .
it basically involves exploiting a vulnerability of a website .
it does n't involve personal information stealing or anything illegal .
so i usually chop up a very fine line of some very nice grey/dark grey ecp for the first hour or 2 after doing my line my sinuses are clear and i dont have much if any congestion .
but after an hour or two has passed i am still quite high my sinuses become very congested and clog up with snot .
its not the initial snort that clogs up my nose its about 1-2 hours after .
keep in mind i chop my powder very fine and usually swallow my drip within 10-15 mins of doing the line .
i 've never owned a vape before and i 've only actually vaped a couple of times with my cousin a fairly experienced vaper .
for this little real world experience i feel i have a pretty good grasp on vaping in general but i have only just joined reddit and am therefore not quite sure if this is the subreddit for me .
taking advice from friends i want to start out with a quality mod that is't going to die on me in a year .
as i looked around for options i could n't find one to my liking .
the quality mech mods were either too expensive or back ordered for months .
the regulated box mods are either of poor aesthetic design that i dislike or too expensive .
the i found out on youtube that i can make an unregulated box mod fairly easily .
i have all the tools and all materials will cost around 50 not including the atomizer .
the design i found includes the following features dual 18650 batteries mosfet master switch 510 connector firing button fuses and an ohm resistor .
would this be a safe mod for every day use assuming the parts are of good quality and i assemble it correctly ?
my construction skills are fairly good and i think i have a decent grasp on the electronics/circuitry involved .
i 've seen pictures of people blowing up their legs and i just want to make sure that is n't me .
here is the link to the video i will be basing my build off of
i will be purchasing the components separately not one of the kits mentioned in the video but that should not matter as long as i make sure to purchase the correct materials .
i recently got an offer from some random manufacturing company for a c developer position .
the company is medium sized they have 4 developers including me and a 5 million dollar it budget .
they have an interesting tech stack and the salary is competitive .
i 'm wondering if working for a company outside of the software industry is looked down on '' or if it will hinder my ability to progress in this field .
i can not seem to get an offer for a software developer/engineer job in the software industry except for ui positions .
i ca n't quite get the hang of the whiteboarding coding because my anxiety kicks in and i blank out .
i have gotten a developer offer from all 4 non-software companies i 've applied to .
is having 2 years of software developer some random concrete company '' a bad mark on my resume ?
i was on askreddit and made some respsonse to a post which in all honesty i felt was n't negative in any form or fassion and got downvoted into oblivion .
but i 'm not sad about that i could care less about karma ...
incase you 're wondering what happened a guy made a pretty dang funny post and i said if i was n't so poor you 'd have gold right now '' .
it did n't help that i replied saying what the fuck was so wrong with that comment ?
okedokey so either i 'm a dick and i do n't know it or these people are retarded .
beyond that i 've been getting lots of 3 from regular tokens so i have a lot of these characters sitting with 1 or 2 abilities sometimes really crappy ones .
i 've found some good combos i like using but i 'm not sure where to spend the little iso8 that i have .
also am i missing something on generating more iso8 or is it just a rare commodity ?
i do the first 2 rounds of deadpool each day .
bros. after cutting for 18 weeks and maintaining for months .
i 've decided to bulk and i ca n't .
eating has become a chore and i think i may have constipation .
hey all so i 've been having this issue like madness and it is driving me mad .
it started on my ipv3 so i upgraded to the ipv3 li .
so whenever i put the top cap on my twisted messes rda the ohms jump .
i ca n't figure out what is doing this .
the coils are not touching the top cap or deck .
the cotton is not being moved when i put it on causing the cotton to shift and move the coils .
i 'm just about to toss the rag in and be done and sell all my equipment .
tl dr any other local players to the bay area specifically the peninsula ?
went to game kastle in santa clara ca on release day tuesday hoping fellow agot 2.0 enthusiasts would show up to pick up their shiny new copy saw a few reserved behind the counter and want to play .
no one showed up but i did end up teaching the game to two people while playing melee .
now sitting here again on thursday 's netrunner night on the off chance someone would show up or want to play .
anyway i am looking for other players in the area .
i live in san mateo and work in palo alto .
i am willing to go anywhere within reasonable distance of course
i do n't wan na post on r/airsoft because i feel like i 've been posting there too much plus i 'm more comfortable with you guys
edit preferably one that 's not an actual military item and costs 200
atleast we consoles dont have porn addicted fuckoffs who post porn evrywere and so much for your pc master race we dont respect elitest mother fuckers who think they own the goddamn world when rlly ther just a nolife jackoff who thinks hes gods gift whos a stupid fucking git who needs to get a damn life and stop being a judgemental man whore
so there was some random witcher contract that led me to the town and suddenly i was launched into this whole story that involved figuring out the murderer of these towns people .
in a surprise twist it was another witcher and the reason was surprising .
it was n't overly complex as something like the bloody baron 's character and decisions you make in that quest-line but it was a big surprise to me that it had one of the few dialogue choices in the game where i had to just tab out and think for a minute on what to do .
should i tell him off/kill him or was it not my place to judge .
he killed a lot of innocents but at the same time they tried to kill him just to save a few coins .
the quests and side-quests in this game are all super story rich but the witcher contracts are less so .
the fact that one of them led to this was a pleasant surprise .
i need someone to find me an awesome fnaf free roam game from gamejolt.com if anyone finds something their awesome !
we 've known each other for over 4 years .
and today she said she does n't want to interact with me ever again .
i feel like i have done something terrible but i can not tell what .
she used to talk to me every morning and evening and the past few weeks she has been talking to me less and less .
today she esentially told me to fuck off i 'm not sure what happened and i am in shock .
i have a long history of losing friends and i can not believe i would ever lose her .
i simply want to reconcile but she will not answer to my apologies or my questions as to what happened .
i want everything to be okay i want it to be like how it was in the past .
she might be going through a hard time but why did she have to do this rather than speak to me maturely ?
we 've known each other for four years and i am no longer sure i can trust her or trust anyone right now .
alaric had never seen such a woman https s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/69/28/21/6928213459ef4a365ebcffbe3be1b234.jpg .
her eyes were like starlight and her skin and hair as pale as winter itself .
she walked up to him and alaric could feel his heart race .
she smiled at him that 's when his heart began to slow .
this is not a woman who will so easily be taken .
her arms were lithe but he could see there was strength in them .
he began to realise that these charms were likely the downfall of many a 'suitor ' if that name could even be applied to their strange customs .
he took her hand half expecting to have his hand cut off and asked her in the old tongue
a red moon shone in the deep blackness of the sky .
the heavens were almost alien here they seemed darker deeper unnaturally black .
the stars lit up the sky sparkling brightly like lighthouses in a sea of sable .
alaric had donned his chainmail wearing cloth and furs both under and over as to reduce the clinking when he moved .
he left his helmet and shield taking with him only a steel dirk http www.hoppersgiftware.co.uk/ekmps/shops/southernswords/images/the-scottish-dirk 2 3696-p.jpg and a small cudgel .
well really it was more of a mallet but alaric needed something not fatal on this 'hunt ' .
he took rope a gag and in each pocket he had taken a small stone upon the advice of ghorn .
he had regaled to alaric a tale of using a pebble to distract some cave dwellers while he got at their grog .
the tale was undoubtedly a lie or at least he hoped considering the latter part of the tale involving a young cave girl a jar of honey and a trout !
but alaric knew he would need all the cunning he could muster .
he really did not want to find out what would happen if he was caught .
he set out in the dead of early hours of the morn far before first light .
m alaric is sneaking alone towards the girl 's bedroom .
if he comes across those who might hinder him he will attempt not to kill them instead subduing them with his mallet by stealth if possible .
i figure the stones can be used to distract guards or as re-rolls or something if he 's about to be detected ?
when he reaches the girls room he will not enter through the doorway but instead via the window or thatching if there are no windows .
capture styr 's daughter overpower her tie her up and carry her back to his bedroom which i assume counts as far enough to be 'stolen ' .
if lore wise this is not because im not really sure he will try and take her outside the settlement where his companions have made camp .
he aims not to harm the girl but is not opposed to using equal force to which she tries to stop him .
1.they are attracted to sound from 100 yards out bang on your house knock on a door shoot a gun and they come .
2.they are attracted to lights build a campfire in the middle of the night ?
zombies roam do not restrict them to rad towns .
make them more easily to find in rad towns but sprinkle them around the map .
4.add a few limited frozen zombies to the arctic area .
this better not be a joke i really hope your adding them with the lack of pve in this game it would be a really stupid thing to make a comment about adding zombies if it wasnt true .
... as well as urek and jahad and perhaps more that are unconfirmed i 'm beginning to wonder if rachel is going to have a meeting with the gog as well .
she 's an irregular after all so a meeting seems possible .
it looks as though one of the gog objectives is to test irregulars that follow the revolution road hell train .
if this is n't allowed just delete it or whichever .
i am currently having a discussion with one of my friends on facebook and we were talking about judge judy and how much she gets paid .
she responded to my saying it is ridiculous with this .
she makes 47 million because someone is willing to give her 47 million .
the most someone was willing to give your dad was 40000 .
because her skills are more niche more in-demand and less easily obtainable .
she provides something that someone thinks is worth 47 million .
just because your dad can not negotiate this kind of pay does n't mean that judy does n't deserve what she 's getting . ''
i for the life of me ca n't come with an answer to this but i know one is out there .
never touched the raid and only heard snippets here and there about it .
no idea what i need to do when and my mic acts up every so often but if you are wiling to let me tag along i 'd be much appreciated .
3.make a k9 password copy and paste in randomness for password .
4.customize settings to block only porn and nothing else .
5.delete sticky note and enjoy a porn free computer !
3.create an account for shield my teen with a random password .
4.customize shield my teen settings so that only porn is blocked .
9.lock shield my teen this will prevent you from being able to change settings for shield my teen if you do happen to remember the password
so top story on r/christianity r/atheism and r/worldnews is pope francis calling chilean protesters dumb for protesting the ordination of a bishop who was involved in covering up sex abuse scandals .
where it did not make big news is r/catholicism where it was downvoted and has a few negative comments such as
tl dr church found bishop not guilty victim asserts guilty massive protests pope says dumb '' to people assuming he 's guilty despite lack of proof .
a tl dr of a complicated issue like this is extremely unhelpful and in this case a read of the article already itself rather short shows that your description is leaving out things which render it rather misleading .
there was nothing misleading or complicated about it and i thought ny times was very responsible in reporting it .
several years ago there was a massive sex abuse scandal in chilie .
although the courts had decided the statute of limitations had passed a vatican investigation verified the sex abuse scandals and the responsible priest is now in seclusion living a life of prayer because that 's punishment apparently
the problem with this bishop is several victims said he saw the sex abuse and several victims allege that he covered it up .
so its only natural that the chileans might be a little upset to see him celebrated and promoted by a vatican that claims to care about sex abuse..
and its not like the catholicism sub was unaware of this someone linked to it along with a video of a victim testifying to this .
no one seemed to respond with the compassion that one would expect of followers of christ .
for the pope to call the chileans dumb for being upset suggests hes a little out of touch with actually putting a stop to sex abuse in the church .
i understand that sex abuse happens in all institutions but i think the reason people are really upset with the church is the massive cover up they orchestrated of it as the chilean protesters are very loudly pointing out .
if only the church and its members would take the time to listen instead of dismissing it as dumb or clickbait .
but what is really shocking is the reaction of catholics defending such statements and defending the ordination .
i think that 's really the problem the vatican and its hierarchy is able to get away with such scandals and cover-ups because practicing catholics participate in it with them .
practicing catholics those best placed to demand answers and accountability are instead trying to dismiss and downplay very legitimate concerns about sex abuse and the churches role in covering it up .
for a church that is so strong on sexuality related issues when it comes to homosexuality contraceptives second marriages it would be nice to see it applying the same rigorous standards to itself for once .
sorry about spelling and grammar im just getting ready for bed here
with verizon charging an extra 20 for unlimited data i 'm thinking about changing over to googlefi .
i 've killed over 1000 zamorak followers with no wp drop .
is it possible i can only get armadyl wp in ds ?
i personally write prologues and then the story and then completely cut the prologue .
my partner does the some but with a lot more reluctance .
one of my friends mentioned however that a good prologue written after the main story and rife with delicate foreshadowing can really add a lot to a story .
okay y'all i want to do a cheap and easy level on my chevy colorado purely for aesthetics .
now for my particular truck 2wd base suspension '07 colorado there is only one full leveling kit available and it 's 400 .
so my question is would throwing on a pair of these http www.amazon.com/mr-gasket-1287-universal-booster/dp/b000bwcfim/ref=sr_1_2 ? s=automotive ie=utf8 qid=1444366800 sr=1-2 keywords=coil+spring+booster or similar do a decent job ?
i need about 1 '' of lift to level it out .
http imgur.com/j72ewk3 like i said probably a dumb question but i ca n't find anything on google that says one way or the other .
heard an fm pirate this evening in the car while driving from the north side of phoenix down to south scottsdale .
it seemed strongest in north phoenix but the fact that they 're getting as far as south scottsdale is impressive .
mostly talk with some live musical performance thrown in .
i went to a small nebula and grabbed some screens as you can see here http xboxdvr.com/gamer/tinylittler0bot/screenshots
however they look no-where near as colorful as what i saw .
is this an issue on my end or xbox 's end ?
as some of you may know google has released android 6.0 marshmallow update for android .
and as nexus 5 owner i was first in line to get this software update .
just wanted to let you all know that this update overrides the lock screen completely .
then never again until you restart you phone again .
hopefully the perk devs find a way to fix this asap since unlocking my phone for perk points was a fast way to rack up .
so i know someone who 's getting blackmailed but if this person tries anything the blackmailer will do something bad .
sorry trying to stay as anonymous as i can .
the blackmailer has hacked into this person 's facebook and bank accounts etc what 's the best option here ?
i 'll start off with honesty i follow the nba pretty religiously but i tend to ignore the sixers because of play style when they were winning last their current losing ways and they dont have any players atm i 'm currently high on .
however having watched roughly 6-7 regular season 76er games the last season one or two the season prior .
and the preseason game vs the cavs i 've come to consider brett brown a very good coach he has two years left on his contract .
does the 76'ers thread think he will still be coaching the 76ers past the rebuilding period if you can call it that at times looks like demo work and/or staying in nba coaching after ?
i was wondering if there is anyone here who thinks they could make me a fairly simple bead loom ?
i 'm currently working on a very basic bead loom made of metal that is too small and flimsy for me to keep working on .
for reference here is what my current loom looks like with a project on it http imgur.com/a/6atqy
i have some pictures of wooden looms i could share although i do n't want to break the no posting items for sale '' rule since these pictures would be of currently available looms .
i 'm looking for something wide and potentially adjustable that is comfortable to use .
let me know if this seems like a project you 'd be interested in !
the part in question is the first minute and a half or so of this song https youtu.be/uxly-gt62mo .
i 'm trying to figure out how to imitate it for a show i 'm playing .
and i came to realize that chara and by extension you are a lot like lord english ... at least on a genocide run .
both are basically completely unstoppable as far as the inhabitants of the game are concerned .
both are as sans says consuming timelines over and over '' for their own sick twisted amusement .
both are pretty much given to appear no matter what happens since without the player there is no undertale .
considering how many other homages undertale pays to homestuck i ca n't help but think this is probably intentional .
this symbol means we 're nut free or this one means we do n't serve shellfish .
i thought of it because my best friend developed a shellfish allergy some time ago .
tonight we were trying to pick out a chinese restaurant and had to hunt for one that does n't have shellfish at all because just the fumes from cooking it can send her into anaphylaxis .
i just installed the beta onto my computer and it has n't been pretty so far .
that 's not to say the game is n't fun .
to be honest i 'm sure it is pretty fun .
but i just ca n't tell because the game is running at such a laggy pace .
everything is super choppy from gameplay to loading screens to even the freakin ' menus .
it 's so laggy and choppy that it 's borderline unplayable .
i played one game on sullust and it kept chopping up on me .
it would run smoothly for little bits of time but then it would become choppier than a karate master for the rest of the time .
the post game stats like xp and all that stuff took at least 5 minutes for me to get through .
it even did the same thing for the solo survival mission that i was barely even able to play .
and before anyone thinks my pc is n't powerful enough i 'm running an amd r9 290 intel i5 4690k 8 gigs of ram and the game is installed on an ssd .
not exactly your grandma 's netbook if you catch my drift .
and i even did try turning down the settings from the default ultra to high then to medium .
edit do n't use this post to call dibs i 'll make a post each time i open a new bundle in order to take new dibs ''
i had what i think is a fun idea for a cool giveaway that i 'd run throughout the season and just wanted some feedback on it .
so basically the giveaway centers around the concept of calling dibs on whatever player card you want .
if i pull the card that you had dibs on then you win the card !
well i 'll have some stipulations like no 24 hour/le cards i play mut too but every other base/legend/totw/etc .
and this is restricted to players only so you ca n't dibs a legends badge in a legends pack or something like that .
each person gets to dibs one card per bundle opening but there 's no limit on how many people can participate .
just do n't make 50 accounts to bid 50 times i 'll check the account ages to make sure of that .
now this giveaway would happen each time i buy a bundle throughout the season which is relatively often .
i 'll stream the bundle opening on twitch and if there 's interest i could put it on yt as well for people who could n't make the stream but wanted to watch .
and i 'll obviously post on here for whoever won so do n't feel obligated to watch in order to win .
my plan is to start tomorrow with the legends bundle a couple extra packs i have since i 'm gunning for that limited jamaal charles .
i wo n't be buying every single bundle this year as i 'm a student but i can promise that we 'll do this for every bundle that i do buy .
i did a decently sized giveaway on this sub at the end of my mut season last year that included 99 vick so hopefully this does n't get dismissed as trolling or anything .
if anyone who won last year or has been in my streams could vouch for me i 'd appreciate it .
let me know if this would be cool to host on the sub !
tl dr free cards if you press the orange arrow
so i was a dragonborne bard that renamed all his spells to heavy metal bands .
i was one of 10 former members of a band called the embers of the new sound .
then the chaotic neutral teifling warlock stabbed me in the back .
he 'd promised to get me my arms back they were eaten by a basilisk .
the guy sacrificed me to his god and in return the god killed all my old bandmates .
i ascended to the astral plane and was reincarnated as a rock gnome .
i remember most of my life but not the circumstances of my death .
so now i 'm a gnome still a bard and remember everything about my life except how i died so i ca n't warn my former party members of the danger among them and i need to figure out how to convince them it 's me as well as figure out if my bandmates were also reincarnated and if so how i can find them .
i 'm also trying to turn back into a dragon .
any tips on how to better my position would be appreciated .
we should split the money for all 18 teams !
some people of any race and culture of your design from a pre-industrial fantasy world you may have been imagining since early middleschool or just made up a moment ago as part of a convoy were swept up and dropped into a brand new land .
unbeknownst to them initially this same event had occurred to many other people of many other origins .
setting up camp they focus on finding a way home .
they 'll never find it but what they will find is a bountiful world of diplomacy war intrigue monsters and men and potentially some kitsune .
one that 's just waiting for some sweet rp to happen in it .
you take the lead of your people in this fresh world .
will you carve it up in the name of empire ! '' ?
can you deal with its other inhabitants too maybe even make friends ?
can you build a civilization that will stand the test of time ?
r/colonyworldrp is a new rp-focused powers-type game on reddit designed by a handful of nerds wanting to play as the characters and people from their conworlds all in one location .
for me it has to be good old zad a one all powerful wizard who could destroy entire kingdoms with just the flick of his finger .
but in his ripe old age of 978 he has gone ... well bat shit crazy hell i remember when my players spent a hole session just trying to get him to stop dancing on top of the fountain in the middle of town .
my player both love and hate him but that all agreed that things are always fun when old zad is around .
i was just wondering if you guys want a build monkey as i am moving plots as of now and i 'll probably be nomadic for a time .
if you do need any help feel free to leave it in the comments or msg me online .
edit this is to help ws grow not to be an unpaid servant .
i have sennheiser 558 's and my friend has 7.1 tiamat razer headset .
i wish the lap limit for free play was larger .
i love doing endurance races but some tracks just need more than 50 to be honest .
i hope they can implement a change maybe set the max to 100 or 150 that would be plenty .
i do n't see how it could hurt anyone either if people want that much they can if not they can avoid it .
plus the drivatars do pretty well on long races ca n't see why they would have an issue on longer ones .
i spend my days listlessly staring into the horizon with the suns glare shining off the streaks from my tears as i watch it set upon my life 's construction and see the darkness tear it all down
with my friendbase fractured between both systems me and a couple other friends have bought this for both systems and we 've been debating which one feels better '' .
just curious if anyone else has both and can chime in .
hey decided to try out blasting might with an engineer from guild wars 2 as sort of a mini game .
without any buffs i could get 36 stacks with 3 extra blast that applies to myself since it applies weird on the first hop rather than when you take off 18s out of 22s and with the buffs in the other vid i could hit 54 stacks without might falling off 37 sec execute in a 39 sec might duration .
had to pause towards the end because of waiting for cds from 2 skills .
anyways here is a link to the 39 stack no buff .
and here is the link to the 54 might blasting vid with buffs .
let me know if ya try these out or find new better ways to get more stacks in enough time before the stacks start falling off remember i only blasted i did n't do any traits to give myself passive might and elixir might buffs .
this is a blast only thing for timing party might and fun .
with the exception of a bottle of wine when they had company over there was no liquor in the house ever .
actually my mom has had a bottle of creme de menthe for 25 years .
she made chocolate pudding with it when i was like 6 years old .
i saw that bottle this evening when i was going through the cupboard looking for almonds .
my sister said she got drunk a couple times when she was 18 just cause everybody else was doing it but does n't really drink anymore .
and actually my history with alcohol reflects that a little bit .
the first time i drank alcohol was when i was 15. then i drank maybe 3 times between 15 and 18. then nothing until i was 21. i do n't know it 's like i had n't activated anything yet .
there were hints like friends telling me they hated when i did drink with them because i just never stopped and i turned into hyde .
i was pretty much solidly drunk the last 2 years .
i think something in my brain changed when i consciously started using alcohol as a coping mechanism .
i do n't know how brains work and i do n't know how mine might be different than someone elses .
i know that before i never gave much thought to alcohol and now i have to think about it all the time for better or for worse .
i am grateful my immediate family does n't have the same struggle i do and i very much hope they never will have to go through it .
i was reading about the forsaken and now i 'm wondering if there are any children among them .
i couldnt find any mention of forsaken children on wowpedia and i looked up a list of children in wow and didnt find any .
the closest i found were some human ghost kids .
so do forsaken kids exist in the wow novels or other lore resources ?
my question being is with the slightly new slayer update where the slayer master asks whether or not to take combat level into consideration has anyone done any research on how this affects tasks given and what option to choose for higher lvl slayer and combats .
i 've been trying to get quiet back for the past 3 hours i 've decompiled the files put all the required text in numerous different ways some guides showed each piece of text on a new line but some showed them all on the same line .
recompiled them the file says it was updated today to no avail whatsoever .
am i just doing something blatantly wrong or has it been patched ?
starting my nofap journey today will last to a least the end of school year .
my main motivation is to eliminate some distractions while classes start getting more intense and to see if i experience any other benefits some are experiencing .
stay strong guys see you in about 2 months !
i 've decrypted armor and weapons in the last week from 3oc drops and they decoded as 290s .
have bungie altered post 300ll decrypts of exotics to be 290 now ?
i have a pair of swan m200 mkiii and they sound awesome if not underutilized .
they use the 16 gauge two conductor cables which are too short only 1.3 metres and because they 're different from any other speaker cables i 've seen i ca n't find a solution anywhere .
basically i need a longer version of this cable that my speakers only accepts .
i remember having an option to buy 500 zcoins for 5 but i cant find it anymore .
has the last chaos lord finally come out yet ?
misc tackbackthetech.net is owned by an international ngo association for progressive communications '' or apc http www.apc.org which shares a building its former owner https www.apc.org/en/about the tides foundation https www.tides.org in san francisco https www.google.com/maps/place/tides 37.7999741 122.4539279,17z/data ! 4m7 ! 1m4 ! 3m3 ! 1s0x8085872a05c841e7:0xea573464ac43f0e8 ! 2s1012+torney+ave san+francisco ca+94129 ! 3b1 ! 3m1 ! 1s0x0000000000000000:0xb1c148da5ec82615 naturally .
what is n't clear is why the presidio http www.presidio.gov lists tides but not the apc https archive.is/zacdc especially considering http www.cybersociology.com/files/5_apcnetworks.html
the association for progressive communications apc is the world 's most extensive network of internet providers dedicated to serving non-governmental organisations ngos and citizen activists .
in 1995 apc was awarded consultative status to the economic and social council of the un .
as an aside for an unknown reason the above link http www.cybersociology.com/files/5_apcnetworks.html archives as a 404 https archive.is/nsjiy
basically the apc is a fucking giant and oh would you lookee here http www.apc.org/en/node/15007
preventing technology-related vaw is an important component in ending violence against women today and contributes to creating a safe and secure environment for women and girls in every sphere of life .
this work seems to have been funded by the netherlands
from 2012-2014 the apc community will build on the collective experience and successes of its previous work on technology and violence against women through support from the dutch ministry of foreign affair 's dgis funding leadership and opportunities for women flow fund .
the apc runs a women 's rights programme https archive.is/3xrlm which presented to the u.n. http webcache.googleusercontent.com/search ? q=cache sgpjefkgdvkj https www.apc.org/en/system/files/wg 2520final 2520paper_word.pdf cd=1 hl=en ct=clnk gl=us in january 2013 and on page 3 we see
being a woman online is much the same as being a woman offline .
it affords great opportunities but sometimes these come with the unwelcome side effect of harassment stalking violence and even death .
a major obstacle to ensuring that women 's rights online are respected and recognised is affording recognition to the importance of the ways in which the internet expands the possibilities for personhood and identity .
when women suffer violence online the aim is the same as violence offline .
the aim is to keep women out of spaces that men feel belong to them to silence women 's voices to stop women 's participation in an increasingly important sphere .
the only difference is that the ways women and men experience their own identities and the identities of others online differs radically from how we experience being ourselves offline .
that 's my emphasis and what i found more than a little interesting is in an october 2012 un release https archive.is/lakat just a couple months before the aforementioned un presentation i found zero priority for online violence '' against women so we might have found our poison pill .
oddly enough they endorse a fairly reasonable internet rights charter http www.apc.org/en/node/5677 which seems in complete opposition to the conclusions of the original report .
the apc also has a project called genderit http www.genderit.org/about which in march 2013 published http www.genderit.org/vawonline-research as well as went another round at the un http www.genderit.org/resources/apc-statement-csw-57th-session-violence-against-women-and-information-and-communications-t stating
violence against women vaw that is mediated by technology is increasingly becoming part of women 's experience of violence and their online interactions .
in the same way we face risks offline in the streets and in our homes women and girls can face specific dangers and risks on the internet such as online harassment cyberstalking privacy invasions with the threat of blackmail viral ‘rape videos ' and for young women in particular the distribution of ‘sex videos ' that force survivors to relive the trauma of sexual assault every time it is reposted online via mobile phone or distributed in other ways .
and yet another round in the un http www.genderit.org/resources/wrp-presentation-un-working-group-discrimination-against-women-law-and-public-life in may 2013 with this gem
it is important to highlight that the report cites and refers to various elements of the input presented by apc .
in the section on violence against women of the report it says the internet has become a site of diverse forms of violence against women in the form of pornography sexist games and breaches of privacy .
for women who engage in public debate through the internet the risk of harassment is experienced online for example an anonymous negative campaign calling for the gang rape of a woman human rights defender with racist abuse posted in her wikipedia profile .
36 female ict users have publicly protested about sexist attacks .
additionally they 've a partnership http giswatch.org/about with a dutch organization called hivos https www.hivos.nl i 'm unfamiliar with to create global information security watch '' giswatch http giswatch.org which published https archive.is/62fo6 the need to prioritise violence against women online '' also in 2013 which included misogynist hate speech ''
my own 'mentions ' tab on twitter is generally flooded with unoriginal misogynist heteronormative responses ranging all the way from claims that i 'm a feminist because i 'm ‘too ugly to land a man ' to claims that i 'm actually a ‘confused lesbian ' all the way to threats of ‘corrective rape ' because i choose to tweet – just tweet – about issues such as childhood sexual abuse sexual harassment and other forms of sexualised violence .
i 've received vile detailed messages from random strangers who decide to tell me my home address and then live out their rape fantasies online by telling me in graphic detail which parts of my body they would like to do things to. story from pakistan
at equal with threats of violence '' and surveillance '' in the discussion .
again in 2013 we get this beauty https archive.is/lweda the online terrain for women 's rights '' which opens with a sufficiently dramatic
i remember vividly the day in 2003 that the name of the united nations development fund for women unifem was stolen online by a pornographer .
i was the deputy director of unifem and the head of our communications division came running into my office frantic and told me to search online for www.unifem.com .
pornographic images filled my screen and it created a loop that took many tense moments to close .
and as we tried largely with futility to find out if we had any rights to reclaim our identity i recall our frustration and helplessness .
it did n't matter that this had also happened to unicef .
it did n't matter that unifem.com was not our main website but a url that we bought precisely to avoid it being used by others nor that our frustrated web manager was unable to get a bureaucratic administration to pay the usd 65 needed to renew it on time resulting in an alleged russian pornographic enterprise scooping it up within several hours of our url elapsing .
i shuddered at the thought that innocent internet users would put unifem in the subject line on their search engine and might very likely get trapped in the same loop of degrading images of women that i did .
the deliberate efforts of a pornographer to capture a url of a women 's rights organisation made it more insidious .
so anyway it looks as if we may have made it to the big leagues shitlords .
does someone knows a cloud enviroment like nitrious.io koding.com which has syntax highlighting on elixir
i 've got a lot of stuff i need to restock on and just trying to save some pennies .
if u have experience making mission and are wanting to do so for/with a unit make sure to stop by our teamspeak 45.63.15.239:9170
so i bought a pair of yamaha ns-777 http floor-standing-speakers.toptenreviews.com/yamaha-ns-777-review.html speakers and have ordered this http www.amazon.com/yamaha-rx-v479bl-5-1-channel-musiccast-bluetooth/dp/b00virg40o/ref=sr_1_1 ? ie=utf8 qid=1444384535 sr=8-1 keywords=rx-479 reciever that has not arrived yet .
but now i noticed that there are four connections on the back of the speakers and google says i need to use something called bi-amp ?
i looked at the specs for the reciever and it doesnt seem like it supports it .
can i just connect two cables from each speaker to the reciever and be done with it ?
there is a some metal connecting the connectors to eachother on the back of the speaker .
i have 14 days return policy on the reciever so i can send it back and get another one if needed .
kawahara reki has released 19 volumes of aw in japanese so far .
the anime that aired in 2012 adapted volumes 1-4 and 10 .
there are summaries of volumes 5-9 12 13 http forums.animesuki.com/showpost.php ? p=5170387 postcount=2817 as well as 14 http forums.animesuki.com/showpost.php ? p=5170389 postcount=2818 15 and 16 .
infinite burst is expected to take place after volume 19 .
i 'll see about posting the missing summaries of the volumes in between when ib airs .
with the exception of volume 10 all volumes take place continuously .
volume 1 takes place sometime in late autumn 2046 .
there is a few months ' gap between volumes 1 and 2 another few months ' gap between volumes 2 and 3 .
volumes 3 and 4 take place shortly after the school year begins in april 2047 and volume 5 two months later in early june .
volumes 6-9 and 11 onwards take place throughout the months of june and july .
i need a bit more information on this though .
the first takes place between volumes 1 and 2 and describes the events surrounding haruyuki 's first level-up .
the second takes place at the same time as volumes 3 and 4 and tells the story of kyh 's trip to okinawa .
the third is a crossover story with sword art online and was not animated .
get them on amazon http www.amazon.com/s/ref=nb_sb_noss ? url=search-alias 3daps field-keywords=accel+world+light+novel rh=i 3aaps 2ck 3aaccel+world+light+novel or bookdepository free global shipping ! http www.bookdepository.com/search/advanced ? searchseries=509854
so i made this post on r/tomt looking for a certain movie set on a stricken flight
a few people have suggested panic in the skies !
a 1996 tv movie that aired on amc/the family channel .
i 'm currently about 75 certain this is it one synopsis sounds quite like it though another sounds nothing like it at all .
i really want to watch it to know for sure .
there 's one copy available on amazon but it 's 100 .
given the poor ratings and my guess at a 1 in 4 shot it 's not even the the right film i 'm not so sure i 'd want to pay 10+shipping on it without at least seeing a trailer or something even if i could find it for that price .
i 've searched pretty hard for any downloadable or streamable copy and come up with nothing there either .
the copy on amazon evidently on a gold-plated dvd made of diamond
i like going back on games where i lost or won and seeing what i did wrong and i think maybe it can make me a better player although we lost this game where i went jungle vi op.gg says i bought 9 6+3 wards .
we didnt have very much coverage so every time i based i would get a pink or a green if i had the gold since i had extra spot .
the enemy team was shyv sona gankplank teemo and tristana so i had oracles for the teemo shrooms and wards .
also i do n't know if relevent but my build was warrior into ninja tabis into frozen heart into randuins into banshee i was going to finish ga but we lost this game sadly .
not to complain about team mates but our yasuo tilted after getting ganked over and over when he pushed in the lane and cried when i didnt gank because well i couldnt lol .
regardless when i look at my mid games like on zed it said i got 6 wards 4+2 am i just being dumb or what ?
here 's https youtu.be/ac-j7uri1t4 a four-minute collection https youtu.be/ac-j7uri1t4 of various fun things that have happened to me during my travels in yharnam .
edit thank you all for your votes and comments .
this subreddit has once again proven itself to be the most friendly and supportive soulsborne community .
keen to get a couple of the new jerseys but every team store i 've looked at not looked at them all only has left over stock from last season .
any one know how long it might be til they get new stock ?
the broadcast starts and wade is listening to savior https youtu.be/e8x3actoii0 by rise against .
so it 's been interesting the last few days .
i helped sam with her jukebox a bit and it was fun .
i decided that weneed an mri so i 'm building one i just need to order the parts .
things have been going well with miranda she met sam and they took a shine to each other so that 's good .
she asked about my family i told her some stuff .
one of the blues holed up in a room over there .
vish decided to eat too much candy and got sick then got drunk then sick again .
then he told me i was his best friend .
that 's the second time he said that while drunk .
first time he picked me up in a bear hug ... then asked me to be his lover like 10 minutes later .
oh i also patched vish up after he fought sam the blue sam .
shade was more injured than thought after fighting blaise .
he 's an idiot but not a bad guy .
wade locks up the pelican and ends the broadcast before returning to bed .
i 'm curious about ads being within posts and how only having it at the top of the page affects the actual ad .
are people who are subscribed to say r/pics still seeing the ad somewhere in their feed ?
or only if they visit r/pics and see it at the top of the main page ?
i feel like in-post ads would get much more exposure .
of course this may annoy more people or be more intrusive .
intp 's imo are one of the best types probably because i am one but anways .
so i kind of hate that i have social anxiety .
i feel that our type really only flourishes in the world if they have learnt to manage their social anxiety effectively .
whenever i have a conversation it generally goes well for a few seconds until i start getting in my head then i get a bit reserved and quiet .
i 'm witty and confident but my social anxiety holds me back from forming relationships a shit load .
i sometimes get in good moods where i almost feel like an extrovert and flourish when talking to other people .
just wondering if you guys have any experience overcoming social anxiety and would like to share .
anyone want to have a race with me on nuclear throne ?
they 're both short timers max 3 ponies seem to produce laughter shards .
i guess this happened with the last update but i missed the memo !
this just in case anyone else missed it too .
not sure if anyone noticed that when the 2 girls got out the taxi in the beggining one of them says the online review said its close to all the big attractions ! ''
and the other asks the driver how far away is universal studios ? ''
has iris put up fake reviews to lure in visitors to then use their blood for gaga possibly ?
so about a weak ago i was getting wrecked in muta ling bane vs bio and basically i was suiciding huge armies by a-moving against marines on creep the marines would then stim back into a mine field .
i posted about how to micro as i 've mostly worked at macro up to this point and learned i need to send small forces forward to set off mines and such .
i used to attempt to do that but only with lings as i figured banes were too precious but a lot of the time the marines/marauders could stim kill the lings before they set the mine off .
adding in just 2 banes a few lings seems to work very well they need to stim back and pay a lot of attention and the banes can blow up on stuff near the mines and kill them .
probably my best zvt comeback i did n't make any safety roach warren and all of a sudden hellbat marine medivac marauders are wrecking me and i just have 7 sets of lings lose a base and in general it 's basically gg then i try my absolute best to macro and micro my heart out and eventually win xd .
i think one problem i have on this map is my creep spread i barely spread creep towards the opponents base as i need to manually walk a queen past the grass to spread a tumor and always forget also i was just under a lot of pressure this game .
i am thinking of the websites that lead to pictures that make you smile with simple urls i will be writing them on notes i will be hiding .
the can be lovey dovey or just to cheer him up .
no youtube links please i will be writing these i want easy links he can type in and i can write .
i 've only dropped one and it was fairly quick to drop .
i activated the wormfeeder console to spawn the hive major and get a key .
since then i never dropped another rune so i ca n't get the other chests that require keys .
when plague of shadows in added to the playstation and xbox version will plague fight kratos and battletoads ?
so boring to look into 60 tabs for items to sell or recycle ...
i like them as a home alternate but i 'm not a fan of them on the road .
my budgets a little tight now but soon my friend very soon !
i ca n't claim credit for it but i love it .
yes this has been asked a lot of times before and has been ignored by valve so we have to go by the of games played in each skill bracket which puts the average somewhere between 2500-3000 .
they get 1 man 1 woman completely naked save a mic 'd necklace and drop them in wilderness for precisely 21 days .
i suspect they chose 21 days from this rule of thumb .
i 'm sure we would 've wanted to capture him but the chance that he may have had a bomb on him or some other weapon could 've been a risk .
i doubt that he would have cooperated and he probably charged at the seals .
after all would n't he rather be a martyr that 's kind of his whole thing .
the fact that we sent a team instead of just hitting it with a drone there in seems to suggest that wanted to capture him or at least to make sure that we got him .
we do n't have generations of family property most of us anyway on the line in terms of procreation .
why is it okay for men to sleep around but not want to be with a woman who has a promiscuous '' past ?
edit i 'll just save you the trouble and post a cmv because i 'd really like other people 's perspectives here .
feel free to argue with me there as well d
it was the butthurt fired employee who made a thread did n't post pics but implied that vape wild mixed their juice on a chipping lead-painted ashtray strewn picnic table then went on to further imply that every other person who claims to make juice in the world does so in a biosafety level 4 iso 14644-1 clean room and vape wild were asshole because they did n't .
he went on to accuse vape wild of being the actual mixers and makers of vape wild suicide bunnies cuttwood and five pawns then implied some sinister master corporation something blah blah blah .
it got weird but then the vape wild reddit account jumped in and instead of a simple 'we mix clean shit settle down ' they gave some snarky-ass 'haha yah and we own the moon too ' answer .
this inflamed the now pitchfork-wielding redditors and suddenly vape wild 's popularity tanked despite the vape wild ceo making an account and trying to douse the flames .
as a result vape wild went from being a darling of the subreddit to a pariah and there are still people who see vape wild posts and come in to downvote the shit out it for no apparent reason .
so glad this was scheduled before i had to pull out my winter '' wardrobe !
i have very short distressed plans for this one .
i liked the intentional pass off the backboards to the front off the net .
this guy is gon na be tricky and fun to watch i think .
matthew mcconnaughey makes me wants to buy a lincoln .
in season 7 they will have 16 wins and will go undefeated at worlds and win the championship .
i collected the 7 color ones and am going for sabine and hera in all parallels !
i see that we still eat giant dong in the second period .
the problems of the past seem quite trivial because you keep getting worse problems .
did you ever think that you might be asleep not literally and dreaming of what you want ?
having the ego control you is like just dying a little more each day .
the enlightenment of gautama the buddha is long past .
but wait ... what if this was me from the multiverse ? ? ? ? ?
i 'm picturing a gif of lindsey 'steve urkel ' graham saying did i do that ?
bill looked like he was having a great time i did n't see a smile leave his face
you have n't defined 'it ' to mean anything but i 've inferred you 're more likely talking about the assassination than the trial .
you 're being entirely ambiguous and contrary for the sake of it .
the fact he had n't been tried and the rule of law did n't prevail .
both of these comments preceding yours are specific to osama bin laden .
unless you want me to read your mind before i respond i 'm afraid we 're going to have trouble agreeing on anything .
ah if only we could see the hilariously embarrassing moments you 're now looking back at .
is it possible to still use 64bit float point and just make it so hp is calc like so ?
if a number was larger than 1.7e308 set value of hpoverflow1 to 1 .
and can just infinitely expand to hpoverflow to 1.7e308 .
maybe not in lower tiers but higher up holy heck you want that leech the leech from the belt does jack shit now either it might leech him through a few white mobs that 's it .
their have been many threats to our government internal and external
when tracking spending it 's important to remember that 5 here or there adds up quick .
obscenity laws were an embarrassment and misallocation of resources .
we 'll later view substance criminalization and our remaining civil rights gaps with the same critical lens .
cabal are trying to take control of a dreadnaught to possibly take control of more than one or destroy them .
this sounds like a secret rogue mission that only a certain cabal group is on and once ground is gained other cabal will join them .
hope you we 're going for it 's funny cause it 's true '' rather than it 's incorrect '' like i feel you 've just done
considering entry level non-minimum-wage jobs want 5 years of prior work experience nowadays ...
while she did contribute to early pali scholarship the views of rhys davids are not generally given much clout in contemporary pali scholarship .
of course they are if you choose to be ignorant .
side b roll into nair/fair/bair/upair you can easily react to di
i after searching earlier this year i could not find a fix .
i searched again and it looks like someone created a very simple program to lay the issue to rest .
monitor 's 1 and 3 were blurry and driving me nuts .
i tried all the scaling options cleartype and what not .
the bitter irony is that they could not have been more successful had they purposly set out to create abusers from the start .
with what we now know about human psychology and sexuality we know that this entire system is perfectly geared towards creating sexually disfunctional human beings .
also i hypermile my 2010 fit manual and get 53 mpg avg
i noticed that you had psa '' in this title and i automatically removed your post .
this tag gets overused in ways that annoy a lot of people in the subreddit so it 's best to omit it from your post titles .
please resubmit your post with a new title that does n't contain psa '' .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/jailbreak if you have any questions or concerns .
a great example of a quilt that will grow with a child being appealing through the years .
he 's been amazing for me since i 've picked him up .
i manage 40 2009 macbook pros at work ... the only ones that have died were killed by physical abuse ...
putting in big ssd 's and maxing ram and they 'll probably go another few years .
i had better luck in avalon park at grandeville but its really not fun living down 50. it 's a lot nicer there .
do you think ill be able to get at least 30 fps ?
more like getting a sales job then dropping out after his first 10,000 check .
maybe not but that is how long it took for the second episode to come out
however if poster has a smartphone with google maps need for a compass and map is much lesser google maps and gps will work for a basic map even without internet but sim cards are cheap and data is reliable in most parts of sea .
replace 5th inning with 2nd inning and this worked at many many jays games before the team got good and the bandwagon arrived and the games started selling out .
well i guess it 's the waiting game for you .
ugh no contact is terrible but from experience trying to be friends with someone is equally horrible .
in saying that both of those options probably suck for people without bpd too !
i 've definitely been in love with the idea of people before but i can say i 'm genuinely in love with my current boyfriend .
i guess it just feels different and you 'll know .
he has all the stuff in the world just no command .
all betas do this so you try out more aspects of the game in the short time frame .
i would love to play a game with jason .
he 's one of the more passionate gamers i 've ever seen is always positive and from all accounts is basically a wizard at games .
how does that not sound like a good person to play games with ?
dan savage has a talked at lenght about this .
my favourite example is the story of the guy with the micro penis '' who is so ok with the workaround solution for his wife that he uses a strap-on on her every now and then .
they key to achiving this marrital bliss is communication which can not be stressed enough .
although the micro-penis guy does n't need anybody to tell him he 's got a small dick .
i think he pretty much figured that part out .
it would probably a very gradual evolutionary change over tens of thousands of years or more would n't it ?
i 'm looking at buying into their new fall/winter stuff those jackets are so damn nice .
just trying to figure out where i 'm going to get 1000 from
rand paul also wants a spiritual cleansing and fetal personhood .
do n't you have enough religious crazies down there already ?
there was almost 0 physical contact for us during the two years we knew each other and new years kiss .
there is also amnesia world but maybe not exactly a sequal
no they would make more when other people buy that stock and it helps drive the price up..
at my bar if someone orders a strong island tea '' i outright refuse to serve them .
seriously the only time i 've ever used that thing is in second grade when we went down to see angels flight .
we do n't do the same for homosexuals because they 're fundamentally different conditions .
being bipolar significantly impacts your quality of life for a huge number of medical reasons .
misery missed work possible self harm during depressive phases and unacceptable risk-taking poor decision-making and general inability to function in society during manic phases just to name some .
homosexuality only impacts your quality of life because other people harass you for it .
it all depends on what your definition of the word defect '' is i guess .
i do n't think it 's ethical to condemn a group of people as defective just because they have a trait that harms no one .
i already use full auto shotty defensively instead of offensively .
see someone using super bait them around a corner and melt .
no most people wo n't but the government is n't preventing them either i think it 's an important distinction .
you pretty much can i think every possible variation is accounted for .
you just do n't get to customize them directly as there are few enough where it makes more sense to choose them from a list .
take the bone scythe line to either dual battleaxe or kut-ku pair
dual battleaxe leads to chameleos blades eventually best poison db
kut-ku pair leads to dios slicers and eventually lightbreak twins best blast db
most of the best elemental db lines do n't start until hr at the earliest because they require elder dragon parts .
you can start working on the water line seltas early as well but it 's not as useful as poison or blast .
i feel like 620 is pretty good in general for any single target nuker .
it also has the add on effect to detonate bombs .
not many other single target nukers have abilities that hit once '' and do this much damage .
if only more states did n't frown upon lane splitting ...
i wish more people did n't have that cutting in line '' bullshit mentality .
i have this dude at work that is of the motorcycles should wait just like i have to '' and i informed him of the fact that lane splitting takes motorcycles out '' of the traffic equation .
but i am sure he is still a dumbass .
as someone who pulled a 12 hour coding marathon 10pm-10am i was thinking the same thing .
luck marketing skill corporate reach visibility appeal style/genre physical appearance .
not sure what order and proportion but if you lack any of these it makes it harder .
for example getting a spot on prime time live tv or drama tends not to hurt .
it also takes skill and ability to write and/or perform something that stands out and becomes popular .
your submission has been automatically removed pending manual approval because your account does not meet the minimum karma or account age requirements of r/worldnews .
please collect some positive karma in other subreddits to avoid having to go through the manual approval process .
if you are new to reddit we suggest you read
you may also want to review the reddit guidelines regarding spam http www.reddit.com/help/faq whatconstitutesspam and the wiki on self-promotion on reddit http www.reddit.com/wiki/selfpromotion .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/worldnews if you have any questions or concerns .
ca n't really argue the second but i guess that 's their process ?
he would n't have picked that if our receiver did n't play off .
the source is therefore i am the tale of ig-88 http starwars.wikia.com/wiki/therefore_i_am the_tale_of_ig-88 .
you 've posted this same story at least one other time .
people spent the time writing out thoughtful responses to your previous post .
i 'm not sure what more you expect from other people .
at some point you need to realize that only you can motivate yourself .
there 's no secret key to perfecting the lsat .
new nfl rule touching the helmet is an automatic facemask .
i agree that results ultimately come down to the manager but the question will remain if he could 've still kept on improving or not which we 'll never know .
and so be it it does n't matter much now and obviously the main focus is now on our new manager who we 'll all get behind .
just hope people do n't abandon him when things do n't go right .
around 40 here in iowa for 18 with a cart .
i love being in the state with the highest number of golf courses per capita
a lot of modern televisions also have connections that can be used by computers .
the tv has still likely been paid for by the consumer as would be the monitor .
i can admit that in such discussions the alternative with a monitor should be included .
well at least now there are no obstacles in between our insatiable love .
man even after making a viral video about a fake black belt being pwned by a naked dude for being an impostor people still never learn .
i know that kanji are chinese but i only learned the japanese definition so i used that .
and it is pronounced like yo-yo '' not you you '' but op made me chuckle
our australian 7s team is picked from the u20 national side so it 's all amateurs .
if you have n't already heard do n't use the batteries supplied with the bundle .
i 'm also in gold v but i 'm generally good at dodging skillshots .
what i do is anticipate when and where i would throw out a skillshot if i was playing the enemy champion and dodge based on that .
it 's much easier to focus and dodge something you 're expecting than it is to have to rely solely on your reaction time .
especially with champions like ahri or ezreal for example mid game they 'll get into a groove and throw out their q almost on a timer .
if you adapt to that you should find it easier to dodge .
on a side note when you 're playing blitz or thresh there are always two types of enemies .
when you 're chasing them and they 're running parallel against a wall they 'll either step back to dodge your hook or just keep running .
it 's almost guaranteed that if they 're in the same situation they 'll do the same thing again if they stepped back that 's what they always do so adapt to that .
honestly my favourite part about league is the skillshot mind games .
i think it 's quite boring when considering how innovative and interesting the last two games were .
trap team was my favorite game in the series if you want anything to reference .
swap force was my first game and i also own giants .
after swap i thought vv made the best game but toys for bob made the perfect skylanders game with trap team .
still man it makes me sad the way this new series is going
i ride one of the same bikes in the video .
i can pretty much just snap my hand to the brake instantly at this point .
the thing about gripping the lower hand position on that bike is that you 're hunched over and you 're unable to be as visually alert in that position .
someone needs to step up and make a play not named kendrys
have the texans ever worn red pants with their blue jersey ?
the simple reason is because of socialization which has stolen your confidence around women up to a point where you 're completely self-conscious around girls .
this goes very deep ... too much to explain here .
instead read my article on why you 're nervous around beautiful girls http www.superiorseduction.com/socialization/nervous-around-beautiful-women
christ almighty you millenials are just terminally stupid are n't you .
always angling for something unorthodox even it amounts to jack shit .
i 've got plans to use one for an arcade build for 4k killer instinct and street fighter 5 .
did i miss news about the main refs going on strike again or something ?
the guy that wrote the top note was probably well-intentioned and ignorant .
the person who wrote the response probably could have realized this and moved on .
i love that he has a key binding to it and swaps it every time something happens
yea i really cant believe how many shit post and haters are on this reddit .
his mitigate is just a bonus when you couple hum with someone like edea or krantz .
if you ignore the mitigate he packs a whopping 850 sbb if full health 4 bc instant fill 60 def atk and a huge 300 bb buff .
he is a nuker with insta bc mitigate on top .
what 's so lovely about this having two good running qbs in that mix .
it 's going to be a pleasure to go against traditional qbs in the future .
i feel bad for manning coming up looking over to see multiple hall of fame players coming at him .
there was a time jump of around 10 years or so lol
create your own pokemon from scratch down to every last detail/ribbon/memory
rebattle legendaries use wondercards and premade pokemon from other people back up and quickly transfer your boxes between games without bank or internet etc .
or demonstrate knowledge of the laws in another way .
if you pass both you get a permit to carry concealed
local ranges could offer a class where they teach the laws and administer the test or individuals could look the laws up on their own
i want to watch your meepo and earth spirit replays
in that case it sounds like jack-in-the-box in america .
i have no idea how people can stomach it .
if this is true its sad that he has n't learned after 2 ubls .
yes in my head i was already going fuck 10 ?
the letter of general albert pike giuseppe mazzini the 08.15.1871 was revealed by commodore william guy carr 1895-1959 in his book pawns in the game '' the pawns on the chessboard '' ed .
published canadian in 1954 by the national federation of christian laymen '' .
this canadian naval officer was part of the team formed by the british admiral sir barry domville former head of the naval intelligence '' retiree 1936 and later imprisoned by w. churchill as antiwarmongering .
this one deals with the scheme depression war revolution '' of 3 wars world 3 followed by great revolutions that must mark the xx e century .
jean lombard historian wrote in 1984 if one allows triggering world war iii the devastation will be so internationalists considerable that will come to claim that only one world government supported by an international police force will solve the different national problems international making it impossible for new wars .
this argument seem logical to many people ... the hidden side of modern history p. 553 yes the plan aims this single end impose a new world order with its universal religion worship ... lucifer !
on july 14 1889 albert pike said for example to 23 supreme councils of the world the leaders of freemasonry universal the true and pure philosophical religion is the belief by lucifer .
albert pike 1809-1891 33 e degree grand commander of the scottish rite south founded his own obedience lucifer the new reformed palladian rite intended to support the world revolutionary movement john lombard dark of modern history
was to enable the illuminati overthrow the power of the czars in russia and turn that country by stranglehold of atheistic communism .
discrepancies natural '' fueled by the agents of the illuminati between the british and empires german were to be used to foment this war .
the conflict ended the communism was to be used to build and destroy others governments and weaken religions .
albert pike 1809-1891 33 e degree grand commander of the scottish rite south founded his own obedience lucifer the new reformed palladian rite intended to support the world revolutionary movement john lombard dark of modern history
was to be fomented by playing on the differences between fascists and political zionists .
this war was to destroy nazism and increase the power of political zionism so that the sovereign state of israel could be established in palestine .
during the second world war the power of the international communism was to arrive at one of christianity whole .
at this point it should be contained and placed in reserve until needed for the last social cataclysm .
what informed person could deny that roosevelt and churchill realized this policy ?
must be fomented by using the differences that the agents of the illuminati will fuel between political zionists and the leaders of the muslim world .
the war must be conducted such a way that islam the arab world including religion of muhammad and political zionism including the state of israel mutually destroy each other .
at the same time other nations once again divided them in this regard will be forced to fight to a complete state of exhaustion physical moral spiritual and economic .
how impartial and reasonable person could deny that the ongoing intrigues in the near middle east and the far east do not prepare the realization of this infernal design ?
on august 15 1871 pike told mazzini that after world war iii those aspiring to dominate the world undoubtedly provoke the greatest social cataclysm the world has ever known .
we quote his own words taken from the letter cataloged in the british museum library in london
'' we let go the nihilists and atheists and provoke us a formidable social cataclysm which in all its horror will show clearly to the nations the effect of absolute atheism origin of savagery and the bloodiest upheaval .
then all the citizens obliged to defend themselves against the minority world revolutionary exterminate the destroyers of civilization and the masses disillusioned with christianity whose deistic spirit will from that moment without compass in search of an ideal without know where to turn its adoration will receive the true light through the universal manifestation of the pure doctrine of lucifer finally revealed to everyone event which will follow the destruction of christianity and atheism simultaneously subject and exterminated at the same time.
got ta have a sense of humor for the amount of ineptitude our ad has shown in hiring staff
people with an understanding of juror misconduct has a problem with it
i think a few of them are having a difficult time getting over lizzy and the escapist being involved two names that they hoped were better than the average cut .
those folks are simply going to have to suck it up at some point and stop building their own narrative .
i think most of gg will look at this and simply restock their popcorn while they wait to see how things play out .
on the flip side many people think that we have blinders attached due to the amount of money we 've thrown at this and that we do n't have the emotional detachment to look at this without bias .
personally i 'm a big fan i know that the money i 've put towards sc is basically a donation and a right to dream big .
why pay 2.50 like a chump when you can walk there for free !
and i am pretty smart in his words if i pour half of my full cup in to his empty cup we have two half filled cups .
you could n't misinterpret what i 'm saying any more .
fucked off in college had no direction and no ambition .
i then had to work much harder to get to a position where i could carve out a comfortable existence .
most people getting minimum wage have made similar mistakes that make it more difficult to get ahead .
working hard and accomplishing goals creates a sense of satisfaction and self esteem .
i want everyone who is dissatisfied with their position in life to do the work and succeed .
pedestrian crossing with stop light on broadway/franklin west of patterson city planners must be high as fuck .
i think it was more based on the timeframe really .
hr felt more realistic because augs were new technology and they had n't been fully explored .
things like cloak icarus and typhoon were the only augs that seemed to stray from realism a decent chunk .
md is quite a few years ahead it 's not surprising that technology has become more interesting .
the original deus ex had way more ridiculous technology and seeing as it 's canon it makes sense for them to start ramping it up .
woman and i 'm not here posting nudes how would you know if i had a vagina or not ?
ah well fuck me in the ass and call andy
i 'm not as familiar with wilson so i need to eyeball him more but he has looked good at times .
i think maye is a better talent than neal i hope both stay for another year but maye would be my first choice .
as long as neal or maye stay for another year our secondary will be fine next year .
i would have thought the concrete ramp/slab patio attached parking pad would have been more obvious ... very much not a regular parking spot .
this parking lot gets full and i 've seen people attempt to squeeze trucks up onto the motorcycle pad between the bikes that are already on it .
as a result whenever i go here and it 's empty i always park dead center so it 's hard to fit anything other than a bike on either side .
just do n't take too many or you 'll hit the cerebral palsy phase .
wow it just really hit me that he is a 1 pick that has been on 3 teams in 3 seasons .
i hope things work out for him in toronto .
our best true lb is probably kevin minter who at his best is just a 2-down run defender who has done absolutely noooooooothing in the two years before this season .
he could n't even get on the field his first year i think he only played 1 snap .
i consider the low polygon models of the n64 with low res textures to be retro .
damn that 's lame af that you did n't get it .
a couple of them i actually got from work lol
divination is not good enough even at instant speed the other two modes might as well not be there because they are n't as good as drawing two cards and the color requirement is awkward as hell .
furthermore a turn three esper charm is not as good as casting actual interaction and a turn five esper charm wo n't draw you enough cards to pull through the late game of decks like jund .
on turn three you need to be interacting and on turn five six or whatever you need to be finishing up the game or drawing quite a few more cards than just two .
you wo n't succeed by putting your deck on the back of an instant-speed divination .
you wo n't see enough cards to justify spending three mana .
at that cost you want to draw at least three .
do n't buy into the whole esper charm thing op .
american citizens have to pay income tax to the us government even if they live and work abroad .
i believe we are the only developed country that does this .
is that only until you get a foreign citizenship ?
i know some people have dual citizenship and it sounds very strange they would not give up one if they are paying such a high price for it .
i would have had an american citizenship myself if my grandfather bothered to sign the birth certificate before he skipped .
as someone who loves aspects of both subaru and audi this seems like an awesome middle ground .
while i agree i think the split is honestly irreparable by this time .
low energy feed thank goodness pretty much vitamins and high fat content but it definitely is n't a hot feed !
he has 24/7 hay with a net and still has grass on the field i 've had to play around a lot but he will not eat beet pulp and this is the best way to keep weight on him .
edit that and beet pulp is actually not good at all for weight gain it 's not high content enough .
are n't you a little small for fourth grade ?
sorry i copied and pasted the text from the first source i found on google
shit post yet almost 4k upvotes and on the front page .
for the love of god just let the voting system be the judge .
look at what gets complained about the most especially in regards to women .
there is a reason why people keep comparing them to the religious right .
found the racist who does n't live in dc and does n't realize it 's been integrated since forever .
nice to see more fans of the northernloin scum show here on a random frontpage thread
you posted on this comment after 5 days to start shit ?
you want to go down this fucking rabbit hole ?
they do those also with toradora probably being the most known .
mal has them credited with 6 pages of adaptations and i do n't feel like counting but i would guess most are mangas
how do i make people listen to my calls/pings in soloq ?
i was against the new website being released this early from the very start .
it was released way too early and they should have kept it in open beta until they had sorted all this stuff out
i thought you might be being serious so i looked into it .
i ca n't wait to see what you think of it .
if you every find yourself in upstate south carolina hit me up and i 'll buy you a drink .
higgy was 5th in scoring last year bud was n't that bad .
usually if someone posts they have it their friend list is full within the hour
for me if i see the picture up close they look nice .
but if i see a smaller version of the picture or hold it away from me they creep me out .
i was hoping for an actual suppression affect like in red orchestra .
also it does n't really have strategy it 's just attack and defend .
my personal favorite that definitely does n't get enough attention is khorasan kabob house on 41st .
fantastic butter chicken tikka masala and the kabuli pilau is possibly the best chicken i 've had in my relatively short life .
good ontariah boy takes a hit to make a play !
kids watch this here good things happen when you go to the net !
like some people are just assholes and they do n't try to hide it while others are assholes but need some pretense to convince themselves that they 're not only not an asshole but are actually making the world a better place .
you get to act like an asshole and feel like a saint .
unfortunately you wo n't be able to run it .
alchemists can make 2 types one that they can use that does n't not get consumed but its is untradeable .
the sader puppet follows the same concept tradealbe one is consumed untradeable one is not consumed .
the puppet will buff you a decent amount so its a great way to increase damage with no cost
he actually looks great there but got can tell they 've done a lot of photoshop .
his nose looks totally different his eyes look less puffy and his skin has been smoothed over .
yep i largely agree with him but it 's a dick move to say it 48 hours before a competitive game against mexico .
this is at a sandwich shop called firehouse subs '' not an actual firehouse
most servers are empty during nights or 24/7 day anyway .
you should tell them so they can fix it .
just 10 years ago i never dreamt we 'd be 3d printing .
technology is moving fast ... .and i think hawking is right .
interest strategy you have there picking only players with the last name johnson ... its a bold move cotton .
as someone who lives in a village in rural zambia i kinda wish i saw more girls in my area trying to find ways to stay in school as well as more parents trying to keep their girls in school .
sure i wish school was free in zambia but still you would have so many people boys and girls that never make it past 7th grade .
the structure of the education system here is in need of an insane amount of reform .
they teach in a language that most people do n't speak fluently english you might be waking upwards of 10km to get to school your teacher might not even be there because staff housing ca n't provide for all of the teachers and they might not have been able to get transport in that day you have too many students in a class to actually teach etc .
even when school was free most girls did n't make it through school because of pregnancies or being pulled out by parents because of the strong gender roles in zambian society .
i 've watched friends do so much to try to raise money for their kids unfortunately only boys to stay in school but this past year for example the rains were just so bad and the crop yield so poor that many people just do n't have the money for this term .
i watched the pta chair chase students that had n't paid away from the school last week .
we can all sit here and bitch about how it 's unfair and they need to have free education but zambia has so many other problems that are all interrelated that it 's a little bit more complex than saying education is free now problem solved .
are we talking about the same direct firing '' that ralfy advocates for ?
do n't they do that at the likes of springbank and glenfarclas ?
very heavy spoiler s a dead girl you mean ''
if you turbo an frs/86/brz you 're wasting money .
getting one in general is a waste of money but more reasonable as you may like how it looks how many owners have had it and how new it is .
most cars i find cutting people off are minivans and suvs .
most cars blinding me tend to be 4wds with hids in their halogen housings not adjusted properly .
as far as i 'm concerned if you riced up your ride know it 's not super fast and do n't brag like it is ... then you 're cool in my book .
some cars are all show and no go and that 's okay .
i get you 're probably making more power but i 'll still judge you the same as someone with a fart can .
i 'm all about that 2-door coupe master race .
why would a man charge a woman with assault ?
are women not held under the same law as the constitution ?
if my wife physically attacked me i could easily restrain her .
i would not be in fear of my life or even serious injury
oh look i 'm so cool i can grab my woman because i 'm a man ! ''
what happens when she comes up behind you with a weapon and fatally injures you ?
i would leave give her time to calm down and then talk
hell being attacked will likely put you in a panicked state .
stop acting like you know what it 's like to be in a victim 's shoes .
when a man attacks a woman he can knock her out in one punch break her bones et
you can do the same with a heavy object .
are you suggesting that a woman is incapable of this ?
there are no battered men 's shelters for a reason .
the main reason this does n't happen is because of people with an attitude like yours .
hey it 's cool that you think you 're tough and all but just because you think that woman are n't dangerous physically does n't mean it is n't assault when it does happen .
if a man is a assaulted what does he do ?
if people like you were in charge they 'd call him a little bitch .
hell the girl might even accuse him of being physically violent .
you also act like being attacked by someone is as simple as restraining '' them .
hell being attacked by anyone can be a traumatic experience .
but no us men ought to puff out our chests and act tough .
fuck that noise that shit is ignorant beyond comprehension .
i honestly think that locust are built to not have ups and to compliment more so the melee style of lingbling ultra but i have n't practiced enough to say with confidence .
oh is that the 100 jade effigy dlc micro transaction ?
i work in customer service taking calls about diapers .
and when people call in if i do n't like the way they sound or the way they treat me i look them up on social media so i can see how much of an asshole they are in real life .
we are specifically told not to do this and most of us do it anyway so we can put a face to the name of whatever asshole tried to ruin our day .
for example there is a guy that likes to call in and complain about our baby diapers because he 's wearing them and they gave him a rash .
he slipped up and gave us an actual name and we looked him up .
he 's a creepy bald guy in his 40s .
we will make fun of/talk about him whenever he starts calling and he will call in at least 3-5 times a day and each time we laugh knowing that he 's just some creepy bald guy .
why do we have a shortage of nurses in the uk ?
bisexual people are marginalized and ostracized by both the straight and gay community .
2 hours of gil-making or spiritbonding is still more fun than 15 minutes of work .
i do n't need to stay sober i can do it in my undies and i can chat with friends or watch a flick .
i like how you ignore the best source of electricity of all nuclear reactors .
pai incearca sa vezi care sunt cerintele angajatorilor si daca facultatea te pregateste in acest sens .
trebuie sa te gandesti ca la finalul facultatii tu si colegii tai va veti batea pe aceleasi locuri de munca asa ca orice lucru care te face sa fii mai bun decat ei dpdv al angajatorului e bine primit .
eu as cauta sa fac un internship la ei .
confused but like rda 's especially 100 dollar ones .
disable chat enhancer and get some scripts to replace the features .
chat enhancer has n't been updated in god knows how long iirc and causes lots of issues in game .
for macros you can use watball 's script and there are other script for other features .
taking pictures of the sun or lasers will kill sensors quickly .
they are so amplified to pick up small bits of light that you overload them .
also the point of the lens is to condense a large area of light to a tiny point making is much stronger .
if you took pictures and there were some extreme reflections at a very high iso you could easily damage a sensor .
i definitely had loss of power when i had my x pipe cut on my old challenger .
a lot of what is said in these links applies to ds1 as well .
when i am on my speakers they get some in game sound but not much .
the clarity of the mic is such a difference to headset mics or clip ones that people are often blown away by the quality .
it is a €80 mic so it should be better
there are multiple drives in this system totaling 8tb .
the 512gb ssd is the primary drive and the one where bitcoin lives .
but it also seems like they intended for martin to be the center in waiting all along .
just kilgore 's injury speed up the time frame .
i guess only chance is to delete configs but then the game would be unplayable for me
it differs between jobs and careers but for the most part it 's an expected part .
that said these are large chunks of shift that are not apart of their normal working hours .
you could say it would be like teacher being asked to teach a full day for no pay .
while their player model is auto-blocking rapid fire projectiles from multiple sources .
i used to mark out for sorry about your damn luck '' i really hope they let him use it still .
also if you are going to use that much garlic .
cheaper better flavor and not much effort with the right tool
it 's okay i figured there might be something like that .
it 's still sunrise i bet the model on the table is for a kit that came out the year that show aired .
yeah the kettle of gold got bigger so he 's literally handing free wins to the enemy team when he 's picked .
how did you get this http bloodborne.wiki.fextralife.com/yharnam 2c+pthumerian+queen trophy without doing 75 of the chalice dungeons ?
for oc'ing the cpu just make sure you have fans for intake in the front and a fan in the back or top to get rid of the hot air .
the enthoo pro does have a 140mm front fan which is nice .
i can not remember if it included a 120mm for the back i think it did .
the motherboard i 'm using now is an msi gaming 7 for the i7-4790k .
i 've upgraded early this year to that processor/mobo after i was able to save up a bit .
there are days where i do miss my fx-8350 but it was fantastic during the time i had it .
with the fx-8350 i had the gigabyte 990fx motherboard .
the shock and horror is n't the bad part .
it 's disturbing to see our male protagonist trapped .
but even more so than that the idea that he might kind of like it .
you will need some form of target assist with bow and magic users .
otherwise they are at a huge disadvantage compared with say a sword and board warrior who could just block unti l in your face and swing happy .
hmm well look at the counter tab in any of the eco sheets .
look at steel it is pulling the data from e19
that second one sounds like it could make for a fantastic preamble to a horror campaign especially if those who die peacefully sort of ... meld into the ground over the course of a few hours .
abandoned village with ten screaming lunatics but noone else and no sign or word of anyone having left it when they ask around in the neighbouring towns
it would delete all files and reset the usb to its basic state .
i want tsm to lose 3 games so they end up worse than clg
mkx did this with the kyrpt and made it an exceptionally long grind tobe ale to get anywhere relevant in the krypt so you 'd just end up buying it and having all the things from it .
pm me i work on computers in these situations .
if we cant fix it we can always back up everything and restore it .
but i can probably roll back your registry and get it to boot and run a hard drive diagnostic and make sure that 's not the main culprit .
i 'd like to see a junk/trains build or a synchron/trains build .
imagine if he tolds us to bolieve but in reality he did n't bolieve and that 's what keeps him down .
so now we are the ones who have to tell him to bolieve !
to get more use out of an ftp server set up a headless box with a torrent client and bind-mount the torrent client 's download directory inside the vsftpd chroot .
you can never really call millions of people dying a good thing .
maybe the situation makes this somewhat not as bad as millions of people dying would otherwise be but it 's certainly never good if people are dying especially young people .
you do realise the academy skins are kinda harry potter themed ?
there are more android devices being used than every other platform .
critical parts for google like google play service is updated through play store .
ha yeah i suppose if i had that kind of machine i 'd be at 1440p 144hz .
and there 's just no way in hell the game would let you have that kind of performance bliss while still building gigantic stations and having battleships blast eachother apart .
it 's entirely possible 2011 is n't accurate it 's just my best guess .
i thought priti patel represented the nasty party very well .
one of the best people i know despite the fact he 's given me mild ptsd
it was definitely a challenge but i tried my best to capture the emotions .
i hope you 're ok. do n't be in such a hurry to leave .
people who can craft beauty out of bereft situations are rare .
i consider myself a sony guy i guess but i buy all home consoles eventually .
i own a wii u an xbox one and a ps4 .
that line what did you do to my bulma ? ? ''
after she gets slapped felt super out of character .
they supported you until the resource economy here picked up .
all i did was click on the guy in the adoption center and bam a million pop ups and my computer was fucked .
he wrote jurassic park the lost world congo andromeda strain and a few others that were turned into movies .
he was also a screen writer and creator of the tv show er .
http imgur.com/a/oua1s ... i used to race cars still do every now and then so these are my racing shoes .
i 'm just finding this out right this second !
even the store-made salsa he puts out is good .
i work in a bar no sound and i 'll still turn first take off of a tv .
god i hope rick being hugely successful eats away at skip every day .
i hope it burns skip 's soul like ricks tacos burn my asshole .
they really jumped the shark with the whole resurrection '' plot .
he might be thinking he 's in with a chance of pushing for selection to the test squad .
poor bloke probably should have already had a cap .
i do n't take my mod outside of my house for this reason .
i 'm okay with more outlandish stuff like eyeholes but personal space man made me turn away .
back when i was in school my shooter evasion plan was to run into the bathroom climb a stall slip through the ceiling tiles replace them behind me and crouch on top of the wall until my family started texting me that there 'd been a shooting .
i figured they would n't know until it was over and it was safe to come down .
nostalgia is saying bf2 was super amazing had no flaws and this game should be just like it .
i wanted ... the next iteration of the direction that game was going .
we saw ... and played where it was going when they made elite squadron which was essentially a hyper watered down version of what 3 was going to be .
we saw the tech demo before pandemic closed down .
combining space battles with ground campaigns getting in that clone dropship filled with soldiers even if some were ai and flying from orbit down into the battlefield .
in a updated game each factions capital ship would n't be exactly the same on the inside and maybe you would have more control over the capitol ship rather than just turrets and repairing systems .
i did n't want battlefront 2 i wanted that type of game but way better .
not a pretty much different game with the same name .
its less nostalgia for me than what a waste of what could have been .
i 'll probably get the game i hope for in the future ... but it wo n't be called battlefront anymore ... .unless this flops and they reboot '' again xd
and yet somehow you seem to think bullying of teens is unique to the usa .
maoist leader 's lawyer wife to fight for him in court
the lawyer wife of jailed maoist leader sabyasachi panda is all set to don the black robe to fight cases against her husband in court .
she obtained a licence from the state bar council recently and is keen to represent her husband in the court '' said patnaik .
the lawyer wife of jailed leader sabyasachi panda is all set to don the black robe to fight cases against her husband in court .
she obtained a licence from the state bar council recently and is keen to represent her husband in the court '' said patnaik .
she was acquitted by the high court in september 2011 but was rearrested for allegedly being part of a maoist squad that launched an attack on police at kutinguda in rayagada district in 2003 .
you can contribute titles bonus questions announcement special posts by date or post number post formatting and whatever else !
we 're currently testing it out in r/gdevcss for a week to make sure everything goes smoothly .
well at least you admit it and have no problem basing your opinions on completely wrong facts '' so i guess kudos for honesty .
which part of it do you believe is hidden then ?
also he rockin the koss portapro like a champ double headphones is the way to go you know .
i 'd love to see a lord of d. retrain/archetype the art for him and flute are both so fuckin cool .
wow ... you managed to write my exact opinion better than i could have done myself ... good job sir .
people need to stop being sensitive '' and man up .
what country do you live in if you do n't mind me asking ?
where i live normal workshift is 8.5 hours .5 of which is for a lunch break so basically bog-standard 8 hour days ...
can you find the source that 'll be awesome !
afaik he has always said he has no stake in the company which is true .
most of the stake is owned by his aide acharya balakrishna 92 stake along with an indian-origin couple in scotland the poddars 8 who among other things gifted ramdev an entire goddamn island to set up a yoga/meditation center .
this happened fifteen years ago and at some point in that time i sold or gave away the chair .
right which is why this is a whole new level of shitpost
you make it sound like the actual word causes people to spontaneously combust .
please find someone to help you you should n't have to live like this .
quick question will there be opportunities to meet the band outside of the meet and greet ?
in my experience girls do n't want you to ask for a new position .
and in the meantime he is still prohibited from earning a living ?
unless i am missing something i am not clear why more time is needed to evaluate what appears at least to a casual observer a relatively simple case .
i hope that the outcome is worth the delay .
but nobody wants to subscribe to creepypms because that sub is cancerous as fuck
you know winning player that has fun at the fountain has more chances to reach something than leaver .
just because he at least plays the game and respects his teammates if not his opponents it 's not necessary in sports .
also.. anyone feel like they are only making these claims/changes due to all the backlash and maybe actually waking the f*ck up ?
seeing as she first described the app as a way of finding out whether she could trust the people around her with her children yes this is a complete 180
just to be clear what you 're glorifying is the attempted murder of toddlers for the crime of being born in a certain country .
just to be clear 100s of 1000s of children forced to live in a war-zone as the settler children undoubtedly are count as human shields .
it would be disgusting to call for their murder although under the disgusting rules of the disgusting zionists it is perfectly proper to murder them .
its not as if the zionists do n't glorify using their children as human shields even putting it in their propaganda films the 1960 film exodus '' is replete with glorification of this abuse
'' the saga of the exodus is strewn with the eyes of these orphans '' writes the biographer of the ship 's captain in '' crossroads to israel '' .
these orphans '' are the real story of the exodus .
uris tells the story of how jewish orphans were placed on a boat '' ready to fall apart .
the engine room was loaded with dynamite the zionists threatening to '' blow ourselves up '' if the british fired on the ship .
'' if the zionists are so sincere '' the british wondered '' why are they endangering the lives of three hundred innocent children ?
note the book was not just a best-seller at the time but according to paul breines tough jews new york 1990 p.54 it became a canonical text of american zionism '' .
alan dershowitz tells us that exodus '' was also the all-time samizdat best seller among soviet jews '' the best defense '' 1981 p.145 .
to which the zionist hero of uris 's novel ari ben canaan retorted '' i am astounded at whitehall 's crocodile tears over our victimizing of children .
if whitehall is so concerned about the welfare of these children then i challenge them to throw open the gates of caraolos displaced person camp .
it is nothing more or less than a concentration camp .
people are kept behind barbed wire at machine-gun point with insufficient food water and medical care .
the british tell us they were taken in by these outrageous tactics i hardly think that the palestinians who really are doomed to extermination if they can not lift the blockade will be taken in .
and note that in 1947 far from saving jews the zionists were pushing them into danger garnering sympathy for a purely political event over two years after the war !
nothing humanitarian about the voyage none of the displaced persons half of them orphans a considerable mystery in itself wanted to go to palestine they all wanted to go to the us .
tier 1 picks in all games of the genre are p/b status .
idk what this powercreep '' is supposed to mean mind to be more specific ?
like it means that every patch has op champions ?
yeah in the usa that salary would be shit .
you got ta account for the fact that the prices in poland cost of living are much lower too .
the devs are being paid pretty generously when you compare the minimum and average wages in the usa and in poland .
usually diversity and equality are considered good but they are almost the opposite .
at this point xur is good for 310 exotics from engrams you can use to infuse gear
and they still do n't get all the poop with my lo there is still usually a generous amount outside of the liner !
is n't spider climb when you can move up/down/sideways across walls with no hindrance ?
where as a normal climb speed is purely for going up ?
the kid will definitely be harmed once he/she realizes what happened .
this is the kind of thing you get violent over .
that 's a generalization i do the deed more than once a day and give my girlfriend all she wants almost every day and still feel horny .
and oh my god check it out i 've never cheated harassed or assaulted anyone despite my tremendous libido .
i watched your version and was wondering why it got deleted .
i felt so special before i knew this video was back up .
most pastes will dry out and benefit from replacement after a few years .
your cooler came with a tube of paste you can use to replace it .
that said temps under 80c are n't any concern for that chip .
i would love to have that luxury of a choice but after smoking so long the most important thing to me is trust your dealer '' .
i assume you can trust most dispensaries but there were more than a few case that i came across were dealer used nasty tricks to put more weight on the weed moist crystal spray sand lead .
i got a nice type 6 i fly for my trading/mining
what you didnt notice in that video was the ra 's build ... he had rod of asclepius which increases the healing done by 15 .
try doing that again without that item and you will see the titan isnt healing .
but i guess if the isis in your game had that item with her ultimate fully charged it could heal the titan enough .
this is the last quest i need completed in the main game ... ..they best fix it lol
once it has proved that your an abusive parent and not before
how many times does a child have to go to a e with broken bones that were due to a fall '' according to the parents before being taken into care ?
are two accidental scaldings enough or do you need 10 and an independent witness ?
proof might be needed before adoption but proof is way too strong before being taken away .
bust up the grill alone and you 're probably over the 250 they get for a fine .
it 's when you bust up the internals it gets dicey .
for the same reason i do n't want to vote for anybody else i do n't support .
everyone talking about pressure of getting top 4 and then klopp just shits on all of it and says we will win title .
if you want something that 's actually realistic i recommend this guide here http imgur.com/a/wqnw5 0
courtesy of one of the highest rated posts on r/worldbuilding of all time .
you could use this tool to check out how it looks on a globe see if it still looks like a planet should http maptoglobe.bitbucket.org ? map=cjwvuxv
and just in case if you want to go down to city level you can use this guide to make cities and towns that look right in historical context https imgur.com/a/8dshz 0
i refuse to acknowledge the existence of any such entities .
it 's new zealand the most dangerous thing that could be in that river would be a slightly pissed sheep
i tried to inject a spring bean into a servlet using autowired .
i could n't use one from a jsp tag either .
i also tried injecting a spring bean into itself so i could use asynchronous processing .
cdi worked and generally much easier to configure and gives me less grief .
i bet you this got started by some underground netflix marketing department plan ...
how many jobs are there in the private sector that are similar to federal jobs ?
we 're trying to collect as much feedback as possible since we 're few weeks away from release .
it 's not that hard it 's like bottle charges .
valve have much more important things the people want to deal with aside from this .
but be warned you 'll lose viewership bc people with slow internet wo n't be able to watch .
when i first enrolled my son in daycare this was a specific thing i addressed .
luckily i found one that was state run and wonderful .
when we moved he started going to daycare at the university/hospital that my husband works for .
the do n't even do holidays which makes me a little sad that they do n't have a halloween or christmas party which i understand since kids there are incredibly diverse .
i 'm an atheist but i still love christmas .
he has heard about god from one or two kids but i told him some people believe in god or gods and some do n't .
the last 20 minutes after the goal was surreal the entire place was going mental .
definitely the best atmosphere i 've ever experienced at a game !
possibly but to be honest there 's a rumour about almost everything being cut or dropped content right now so i 'd take it with a grain of salt .
emily has a pretty gruesome one where a wendigo pokes both her eyes out with its thumbs .
i can randomly get a session lost '' message when i join a match and get kicked to the menu .
last night it happened about 5 times while my friends were still playing in the same server
l is also how you drop the intel briefcase on ctf maps .
it appears that you are trying to post from an account that does not have enough karma .
we ask that you engage first comment on other posts and gain some karma points then try again soon .
if this is a legitimate post and on topic of food must be directly related please message the mods http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/food with a link to your post and we 'll reinstate it .
additionally please read the rules of reddit http www.reddit.com/rules .
if you 're thinking of doing any self-promotion on reddit you might want to click this link and read this first http www.reddit.com/wiki/selfpromotion .
your post may have been removed for spam read about what constitutes spam by clicking this link http www.reddit.com/wiki/faq wiki_what_constitutes_spam.3f .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/food if you have any questions or concerns .
hahah shit yeah i made that looks more confusing than it actually is .
discuss architectural monumentality using two buildings as an example '' is probably a better summary .
guess they wan na save the most exciting group for last just a theory other than that no clue
if these type of kills make you mlg then what does it make me ... .. ?
penetration increased from 90 100 110 to 180 190 200
there are still those who believe in it and worse yet those who would exploit the first group 's belief for their own ends .
but is it fair that you can buy fishing rights ?
the descendents of people who happened to settle the land close to the ocean where the fish randomly resides at any given moment ?
if a new awesomely useful ressource is discovered and the only place it exists is under somalia who owns it ?
the strongest warlord who happens to control that piece of land and who then sells the rights '' to extract it to some private companies who can make billions ?
the more you think about land ressources and ownership the more unfair and random it seems .
in the perfect world everybody on the planet has equal rights to all limited ressources .
it should not depend on who your ancestors were on what piece of land you happen to be born on or the amount of money you have in your possession to purchase the rights '' to a given ressource .
how to achieve the perfect world and still maintain production i do n't know .
one of the most memorable villains in one of the campaigns i played in was this druid .
we did n't know his name we did n't even know if he is a he what we did know is that said druid was running around the forest awakening things and causing all kinds of troubles when trying to traverse the forest .
our worst enemies by far was the awakened watermelons .
you may ask why the watermelons well we first encountered them and they almost killed our cleric .
next they almost killed our barbarian almost killed me the sorcerer .
at the end of the day give the villain something unique whether it is an appearance minions etc .
so as stated by others build your villain first start with a class then go to your appearance then the story of this villain why they do what they do and give them something very unique whether it an item some minions maybe even they took something from the party or the other way around .
got some bad new for you guys ... internet service providers have been watching your online activity for years now .
let 's see nemia oguro lugina and this girl ... yea 4 earth stbb spammers and 3 are free units
its a free unit though so cant complain as the collab units are meant to be for the newcoming units and not for the veterans for us it should be a trophy now .
where would be the best place to hide things ?
somewhere where things would n't be found if somebody was trying to find something else .
for example if his brother went into his room to search for his 2ds and accidentally found something strange instead .
i used to be so social and outgoing i had confidence and lots of friends .
i do n't know what the fuck happened but my life just took a turn for the worse and before i could blink i was paralyzing self-conscious my self esteem flew out the window and i became depressed .
i 've literally wanted to kill myself since i was 11 and if that is n't fucked up i do n't know what is .
i have perfectly fine social skills and i have an enormous capacity to relate to people but i 'm just so damn scared of rejection that the thought of saying good morning to someone is enough to send me into a panic .
my dad always tells me its a hit or miss but he does n't seem to understand that the misses are what threaten to push me over the edge to suicide .
my dentist suggested to my mom that i get surgery to reduce my jaw because it was hindering my appearance .
i used to feel pretty sometimes i wear makeup and do my hair as nicely as i can every day but it does n't change the fact that i was born ugly .
no one 's ever hit on me or shown interest in me .
i just turned 16 but i ca n't drive yet because i 'm too fucking lazy and scared to get my license .
i do n't have a job because i ca n't even go into a store and buy something without panicking .
i 've been seeing a therapist for a while and she has n't done shit for me .
i go in there with an open mind hoping that she can do something for me but she does n't tell me anything i 've already heard .
the funny thing is that i 'm not even depressed .
but nowadays more often than not i do n't feel like i lack energy i do n't feel guilty i do n't feel sad .
but i still acknowledge the fact that i 'd much rather die than be alive because i suck and being alive sucks .
my perception is n't being skewed by depression i 'm looking at this from a completely rational standpoint .
the only thing stopping me is the way my mom calls my name when she gets home from work everyday .
she says it just like when i was 7 and she was waking me up for school .
i 'm her only child and she loves me so much and so does my dad and while i should be thankful for this i just wish they did n't because i just want to kill myself in peace .
i do n't really believe that anything will get better .
i do n't really want to live the rest of my life being shit-faced ugly and unable to socialize because of this damn anxiety .
it feels unfixable not even my therapist knows what to do .
a while ago i realized that the only times i do n't feel like dying it 's only because i manage to forget the things that make me want to die .
there are so many other reasons why i want to die but i could n't fit them all into a reddit post so whatever .
i just wanted to get this off my chest .
the thought of dying is so comforting to me .
i only wish i could do it without hurting my family in the process .
everyone who used thorn has a love/hate relationship with it .
you love to use it and piss people off but you literally want to murder someone when someone kills you with it .
so do you think thorn will ever become the nightmare it once was ?
there 's some speculation about a possible charlemagne 's vault dlc/raid/free content which was where it was originally supposed to be acquired .
it could be a way to bring it over to year 2 .
it 's too unique of a weapon and the lore behind it is too deep to let it sit in the vault and gather dust .
herpdeterp but what 's a healthy '' view of humanity eh hammy ?
i 'll answer your question with another question does this shit sound healthy to you ?
if women did n't have vaginas men would hunt them and eat them . ''
women have no value to me but sex . ''
men built civilization while women farted around in grass huts nursing babies . ''
a woman 's greatest assets are youth sex appeal and fertility . ''
a man can build his value women always depreciate in value . ''
men ca n't be taught not to rape because men ca n't help themselves and will rape no matter what . ''
men are programmed to be promiscuous and violent and create harems women are programmed to be submissive mothers faithful to one alpha and have his babies or cuck betas . ''
women ca n't be friends with other women only frenemies '' and rivals . ''
men ca n't have female friends because he only wants to fuck them .
men ca n't have male friends because they will try to cuck him . ''
men have loyalty and honor women are conniving branch-swinging whores who only want big alpha cock and cold hard cash . ''
i was originally going to go in blind with some friends but they not loyal have done it without me .
i 'd like to get a group of people together and do it .
i 'm willing to look up the videos on how to do it so i wo n't be so blind and so who ever joins me wo n't be so frustrated .
i am light 293 at most and have a mic .
so i 've got a very successful planted shrimp tank .
i 've got about 4 different kinds of aquatic plants in there along with about 5-6 root tab ferts one of them being anacharis .
the anacharis was doing so well that i had to trim the top off it halving it in size .
i decided it would be great to plant the cut half in my other new tank .
so i prepped the cut half by taking off the leaves which will be planted below the substrate .
to help it along i also added a few root tabs to the new tank 's substrate near the newly planted anacharis .
the root tabs are the same kind as in my other tank which it previously came from
fast forward a week later and the anchors is starting to brown on it 's leaves and turn clear .
the only real thing is the tank it 's in and the substrate .
the lighting is the same including the hours the lights are on 6 hours the root tabs are the same the water is from the same tap they get regular water changes ?
the gravel is slightly larger than the sand gravel i have in my original planted tank .
i 'm at a loss and a but nervous about them soiling my water .
should i take them out and buy new ones ?
here is a photo http imgur.com/a/p50lu of the cuttings in the new tank .
the photo makes them look greener than what they are by eye but you can see the sparse leaves and unflattering appearance .
as i learn more and more about graphic design and slowly realize that this is something i want to do for a living when i grow up i realize that there 's no beating around the bush and i have to eventually learn adobe illustrator .
i 've been a photoshop user and designer/hobbyist for 4 years and i 'm only now taking a look at ai .
i 'm taking a lynda course in the essentials of ai but one thing bugs me so much
for someone who is fluent '' with photoshop and can do anything that i imagine in it it is so weird to see how different ai is .
it 's like starting all over again years of practice in a designing software just gone .
it 's like learning a completely new language when i thought it was a different dialect .
everything is so confusing to get used to the core concepts of the interface and the overall software feel ridiculous .
what i call layers or groups in ps are not the same in ai the way i select move change properties of layers etc .
anyway is there anything you 'd suggest that will make learning easier ?
meaning ways to incorporate my ps knowledge into learning my way around ai ?
do you think the demand for web developers will increase ?
the left side of my face right in the photo is droopier so i 'm not sure it 'll look good stud or hoop and if so which side would balance out my face ?
also if you wan na throw in any hair cut suggestions while you 're at it feel free .
so i 've been messing with this for hours today and probably 20 hours in total .
i can not seem to get the game video/audio which is in sync with each other to sync to my mic/cam which are in sync with each other .
all the info i can find is for syncing an elgato i do not have one .
i 'm using game capture on a single pc .
no matter how much i set a delay on my camera or scene buffer the game is always 1.5-3s faster than the cam and mic .
i do a count down then click the mouse in portal to test and the game is always faster than the mic and camera .
i cant seem to delay the game audio/video to match the cam/mic .
i 'm using v0.656b and logitech c920 pro with a logitech usb mic running through adobe audition for effects and filters if that matters .
i have worked with linux before but never attempted a hackintosh thanks !
i have a question for more experienced players about how to use aoe spells in combat .
basically i 'm finding that my wizard 's usefulness is limited by the fact that so many high damage spells are aoe and also hit your own party members .
this is a problem because my basic strategy is to have my tanks and fighter engage the enemy and soak up blows and then hit them with spells and ranged .
but i 'm finding that i do n't use most of my wizard spells because they will hit my tanks .
how can i better take advantage of my wizard 's firepower ?
lots of previous xbox/psn and amazon trades check out my rep here http www.reddit.com/r/gcxrep/comments/2mc4e0/uthrew_it_to_ground_gcx_rep_profile comment here first before pming only pm if you can send paypal the friends and family way way thanks .
hi guys i 'm making a music pubquiz and i was wondering if you guys have some fun or weird facts that i could use .
for example last time i asked what was special about the way the bangles recorded their song eternal flame they were presumably naked while recording
i bought this game and realized that there is no way that i 'm going to play it on my potato of a computer .
i was wondering if anyone knew what specs i would need to play this game on high with at least 60 fps .
you can tell me what computer you have and the specs or just what you would recommend throwing in the price would n't hurt either !
right now my budget for a gaming computer is 600-800 but i will pay a little more if i have to
edit so just to make things clear i 'm not looking to build a computer .
also i honestly would n't mind if i had to play on medium settings to get 60fps mainly because i think medium and high look somewhat the same .
i 've been subscribed here for ages and have been a fan of asian make-up for a while i still remember my first tube of dolly wink and am ready to make the dive with the company of my boyfriend into skincare !
we live down the street from an h-mart and this weekend we want to try dive into skincare !
my skin is really even tempered but he has combo skin with oily t-zones and dry cheeks .
i 'm pretty game to get whatever calls to me and try them all but he wants to start a skin-care routine or at least try to treat his skin right .
do you guys have any suggestions for masks for us to try ?
so excited to start embracing good skin care habits !
ps i looked around for formatting stuff to make sure i was doing it right but i 'm still not sure i 'm not breaking rules so if i am please let me know
sorry for going all teddy atlas on you but my favorite part about boxing is that you get a look at the fighter 's character in certain special moments .
for me i think i learned who hopkins was after the second fight with jones .
lampley sums it up pretty well towards the end of the fight so i wo n't get into it here .
i am curious though what fights have you seen that were the most revealing about a boxer ?
remorse i do n't know if someone cares about what i write here but i have to get it off my chest .
i am just so much different from other persons it 's like i am an alien .
i am a left-handed person i have a much higher iq than about 94 of earth 's population i pretty much only like music other people do n't like i can only poop naked i only have to poop 2-3 times a week but i could also poop only 1 time a week .
i can eat as much as i want without gaining weight .
according to my bmi i am just in the normal rate .
i ca n't be negative about anything and i can justify every action how i want .
i will not be sad when my parents die i just see it as the way life goes .
i feel like i am the definition off beeing a different person .
also everytime i solve problems i do it different then others but still end up with the same result .
i think i am really good looking but other people probably do n't think so .
i do n't have much friends because i feel like nobody is 'on my level ' .
i can speak 5 languages and my parents are in an religous circle where things like alcohol tv 's smoking having a girlfriend without marrying her and much more things are strictly prohibited .
if they give their lives to god they can speak in a strange language when praying .
it 's not like they learn this language its just there after they 'received the holy ghost ' .
my parents also want me to go to church but i do n't want .
but for now i do n't have a real choice .
when i am older i will have my own home anyway so i just wait and complete my school.i do n't understand how people can be sad or have depressions for me these people are pussy's.i think i covered most of my strange things but there a probably more thing 's i forgot to write .
this text is more for me than for you .
you can make me what you want me to look like make me act anyway you want and tell me how badly i need to be fucked by your totally hot cock !
most of all i need help on how to act like your perfect bimbo !
i cant wait to talk with all of you horny boys and girls !
consensual or non consensual transformation or bimbofication is up to you .
i would love to be turned into an asian bimbo made to be a size queen and i especially love being told how to think and given new kinks !
maybe a month ago i wrote a letter to the bernie sanders campaign .
i told him that as an asian-american supporter i was disappointed that in his stump speeches he will say things like we must stand together as white black latinos and native americans '' but does n't mention asian-americans at all .
i mailed the letter off to his po box in vermont and did n't expect anyone to open it up and read it much less communicate it to anyone higher up .
but today as i was watching a video of bernie 's recent rally in tucson https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=_2vxbcte0zw at around 1:30 i heard him say white black latino native american and asian-american '' .
i had to rewind and listen to it again just to be sure .
i know this may seem like such a small thing but this was honestly the first time i 've heard a politician mention asian-americans as far as i can remember .
i 'm looking to buy this guitar http losangeles.craigslist.org/sfv/msg/5253583146.html but i 'm pretty sure it 's not an asat classic .
there are a few threads about this but nothing generalized enough to include all the fluorinated amphetamines .
i 've tried to compile all the arguments good and bad i 've seen about this question on these forums .
i 'm getting mixed answers about the title question .
it seems that on drug forums like r/drugs bluelight etc .
people insist that fluorinated amphetamines are probably safer and less neurotoxic .
however i found this https drugs-forum.com/forum/showthread.php ? t=175262 post by a pharmacologist '' giving compelling evidence that 4-fa in particular might be very neurotoxic .
it 's interesting because both sides are using the same argument we 're all making assumptions based on analogues .
the i think fa 's are less neurotoxic '' camp claims this because they 're similar enough to traditional amphetamines and because fa 's do n't break down into the same neurotoxic by-products that traditional amphetamines do i ca n't remember where i read this someone help ? .
the people claiming it 's more neurotoxic point to its structural similarity to very neurotoxic compounds like para-chloroamphetamine .
the fact that many of these compounds have much lighter comedowns suggests to some people that they are less neurotoxic .
whether this is a sensible assumption or not i 'm not sure .
another argument i 've heard is that the amphetamines which are more dopamine-releasing 2-fa 2-fma amp d-amp are less likely to be neurotoxic than serotonin-releasing amphetamines 4-fa meth because the serotonin system is more delicate .
from what i understand about mdma neurotoxicity that makes sense .
if you have any ideas or research that might help point us in the right direction discuss it here .
of course we will never know for certain until some big organization does tons of in vivo research on these drugs not anytime soon but this is the best we 've got for harm reduction now .
1 how neurotoxic if at all are 2/4-fa and 2/4-fma ?
are they more or less neurotoxic than meth d-amp and amp ?
2 are the fluorinated amphetamines worse for your heart and cardiovascular system than traditional amphetamines ?
i found some anecdotal evidence suggesting that they are if i find the link i 'll post it .
3 are there any other potential dangers unique to the fluorinated amphetamines but not the traditional ones ?
one off the top of my head is that 2-fa seems to be much harsher on the nasal lining than amp or d-amp .
it 's late at night and i just had two beers .
i knew my boyfriend was bisexual and his previous major relationships were with men even before we started dating .
i want to say i have absolutely 0 issues with it .
a few months in we had a few discussions about relationships issues .
he admitted his only serious boyfriend left him because he was drunk young and stupid '' and fucked another guy .
he sound extremely remorseful and promised he would never ever do anything like that again .
yesterday we had a friday night out and he dropped this bomb on me ex he had cheated on is his current roommate and bff .
like words can not describe how close these guys are .
they have tons of inside jokes can pretty much read each other 's mind share so much interests they consider their stuff like books and games to be owned jointly .
this is the story my bf gave me they met at work when my bf was really young and moved in together already as a couple .
when my bf confessed they wanted to separate right away but it 's not easy to find an affordable apartment in our city .
they still worked together in some start up and they were actually assigned a big project together which had them working from home so they decided to tough it out for a while .
but after a while they figured they still worked well as roommates and coworkers so might as well continue to live together .
and i do n't even know what i am not okay with .
i trust my bf it 's not like i am afraid he will cheat on me with this ex .
i guess maybe i am jealous that one asshole dominates his life so completely is his perfect friend and his wronged ex as well but that makes me sound really bitchy .
i also do n't know how to confront my bf about it .
it 's not like i can tell him to move out of his home esp since we ca n't even think about moving in together for now family reasons that never really affected our relationship
tl dr apparently my bf 's best friend and roommate is also his ex .
i am not okay with this but i am not sure what i can do about it
i will be going to qlimax this year and i 'm really looking forward to it .
there is only 1 thing how am i going to be able to dance hakken all night long without getting tired after a while ?
not really wanting to take drugs so what 's a different solution ?
i made this visual guide to secrets that i think might help newer players .
sometimes you need a quick refresher about all of the secrets from a certain class .
sure you could pull up hearthpwn or something but ai n't nobody got time for that .
here are all the secrets are listed in one place how convenient !
i really like crank but i can only play it on pc .
is there any games like this but what i can play on ios .
we all know how rare this set is so i am looking for exactly what is stated .
are we getting a new exp to civ5 or should i be playing beyond earth ?
by no means am i deity level and mastered the game just been around for a long time .
edit i watched a video of beyond earth and looks ok i guess .
today i got my keystation 88 from m-audio and was hyped to use it .
i got 3 programs eightyeight expand ! 2 and another program .
after i installed eightyeight i wanted to open it up but there was no way i could do that so i downloaded expand2 again no way to start up the program .
i followed all the steps and used the setup .
i just saw it today and i kept hearing the first episode was insane .
i am very excited for the rest of this season .
i 've been in vocational school for over a year .
i have my epa universal certification and green awareness .
it 's hard to get experience when all the companies are asking for experienced techs
i am trying to find the best source for gear reviews that can accompany my rv trips .
going on a date tonight where is a good place for a fall walk in ottawa today ?
i have never finished a run with more than 3 runes .
but i think this run is pretty good and it is possible to finish with hopefully 15 runes .
but i am not sure how to proceed now .
i feel like i can win with this but i dont want to fuck it up .
would really appreciate if you could help me out here .
i thwarted the plans of a zombie pirate surgeon and helped the monks of harmony get their brains back into the right bodies .
looking to play matchmaking to win and later practice strats .
i took a quick shower this morning and shaved .
i took the razor to my ladybits nice and fast .
i was trying to hurry because i wanted a taco .
i cut myself have razor burn and who knows what butcher job is down there .
i recently installed os x el capitan on my 2010 macbook pro to be greeted with the unfortunate error of my keyboard not working it works in the recovery setup if i boot to that but upon trying to sign in the keyboard is fully unfunctional and still lighting up but flashing on and off any help ?
i levelled my divination skill i am now level 71 .
hi all i have literally thousands of rares and thousands of commons/uncommons .
does anyone have want lists they 'd like to buy ?
no i do n't have a list of them way too many to start typing them all out
our heroine is saved so much that the world becomes a little apocalypse !
after his 16th birthday he will be drawn into many different stories .
each story has a heroine and each story depends on him to be the hero .
on his first day of high school a strange uniformed girl that only he can see shows up .
she claims to be from the future and claims that his rescuing of many heroines is going to cause serious trouble for the future .
it 's not long after this encounter that his troubles begin .
his childhood friend satsuki invites him somewhere possibly to confess her feelings for him .
rekka wants desperately to help her but he finds himself being tossed into various sci-fi and fantasy worlds each with their own heroines in trouble .
will he be able to get back to satsuki ?
will he be able to save all the others ?
how can he really tell the consequences of his well-meaning actions ?
demetrios is a fresh take on the classic point click '' adventure games adding a touch of cynical humor to the characters motivations .
the game puts you in the shoes of bjorn thonen an antique seller who has been robbed one night after coming back home drunk .
doing his own investigation with the help of sandra his next-door neighbor he ends up involved in a mysterious and murky affair .
but these two unlikely heroes may be able to surpass themselves and discover ancient secrets !
featuring full hd colorful backgrounds and animated characters similar to visual novels the game offers varied situations and puzzles for beginners and experts alike with a highly contextual level of interactivity .
try different item combinations the results might surprise you !
supported languages english french possibly spanish and german at the time of release features of the full game
high level of interactivity very contextual the characters react to your actions !
travel through the world from france to germany and a mysterious african country
game overs '' are possible if you mess up .
do n't worry you can try again right away !
collect well-hidden cookies for in-game help to solve puzzles !
a long varied and standalone adventure about 8 to 12 hours of gameplay !
mac and linux please see this page on the official site http www.demetriosgame.com/en/demo type=download
i have a 15 ' impreza base w the separate horizontal crossbars not the ones that come w the sport model .
any ideas what my choices are for a fairing that would either be direct fit or minimal modification like changing clips ?
anybody know where i can fax something for free on campus ?
stock was okay at first then i upgraded to a launcher and well now i 'm just bored .
i 've been reading up on rooting since i got my phone back in may and although i 'm no genius i 'm not an idiot when it comes to technology .
since my phone is literally what my world revolves around i want to make sure i know everything before attempting it .
anyone wan na help me out with some pointers ?
but am just curious if anybody knows of a good place to seek out casual relationships nsa type stuff ?
being a lonely single male sometimes i just crave contact from a woman .
the r4r dirtyr4r and related subs for lancaster are basically non-existent .
side note going a more legitimate route ... does anybody have experience with any dating services ?
okcupid has been very minimal on the usefulness scale for me .
just lonely and yeah wanted to see if anybody has advice .
not into bars so i rarely go out '' like people do .
and i 'm not sure how else to meet people offline ... . blah .
after killing a celestial dragon it dropped a draconic visage .
i mean if i talk to a dell expert '' i do n't really expect them to be experts but at least some kind of knowledge should be there and refresh rate is such a simple term that all people who are trying to sell you a laptop worth 2500 should be familiar with .
i 'm posting this after i 've had 5 five ! !
i wo n't go into details but they failed to show basic knowledge they were not consistent in their answers some of them straight up lied no we do n't take that as a payment method '' and when i checked the website they do .
some of them say that you need x some say you do n't .
and it 's impossible to get any real info .
i 'm wondering if the situation is the same when an error occurs with your laptop and you need to get it fixed ?
i do n't want to speak to people in india or eastern europe nothing against those guys it 's just that they 're mostly from there who do n't know what f*cking refresh rate is .
my current laptop is dell and it 's shit so i had my doubts about the new one but i said to myself that i 'd try .
but i have to say that the way they communicate and what they communicate is far from professional and i 'm afraid i 'd be completely stuck if something were to happen to my laptop .
do you guys have any stories about dell support ?
and because of that i 'm thinking of going lenovo or msi .
someone asked me to do a begging/pleading/anal worship improv in my american accent so this is what became of it .
i got super into it just like the fairy one .
my master still wo n't do things with me until after the gym tonight so i 'm going to be pent up forever but i hope you like the taste of the kind of begging he gets that i left here .
there are a lot of things to consider at first
the story aspect might complicate things and not work out since hhh is shown as the founding father of nxt .
he 's not really an on screen character on nxt .
so the story aspect of things could be an issue .
if he 's going to be the heel hhh is hopeless of a n x superstar .
he gives him one last chance to prove himself against hhh .
if he 's going to be the face x superstar is disgruntled of his position at nxt maybe x superstar wants the nxt title or he wants to move up to the main roster .
this also conquered my thoughts on the entire concept .
in present time he 's almost too good to be presented at a small stage like nxt .
he 's pretty much a once-in-a-while veteran that is only worthy of wrestling at big time ppvs .
there 's also that thought of who 's this developmental kid that is already wrestling hhh ?
should n't he pay his dues at nxt and develop a solid main roster career before facing someone like hhh ?
this one is not easy because is x superstar worthy of beating hhh or should they deserve to descend before the game '' hiatch is fucking going over
what would all of this accomplish in the end ?
a once in a life time special of the creator versus the created .
it really goes back to who what and why ?
my logical side of thoughts are overcompensating my-lack of-hypothetical ideas .
i would love to read what you imaginative fantasy bookers have in mind .
that is something i would like to devote my life work to .
i 'm looking to add to my collection of science tattoos and wanted to add in a personal touch .
i 'm looking to get my kids initials spelled out '' using amino acids and like the look of the space filling model .
i 've recently read some guides and realized i should n't have bought morgulis so early .
this is what i have and i am aiming for a strong idle build
hey i absolutely love incest so i threw together a few prompts i lile .
these are just examples though so feel free to message me with any other incest ideas you have .
oh and for any of them feel free to rearrange the roles if you prefer another set-up .
you could change daddy/daughter to bro/sis for example my only limits are potty stuff and extreme violence .
daddy/daughter by default your mom is out on a business trip .
we decide to take a vacation together in the meantime but we end up booking a crappy hotel room with one bed and a broken ac .
so hot in fact i strip to my boxers shortly after arriving .
make a joke be grossed out even strip down too .
we 've also got a cooler full of cold cans of coke and beer and ice to help cool off if need be .
start this one from the point after i strip down .
mother/son by default dad 's at work and i do n't have school today .
i 'm in the living room on the couch watching tv .
today you decide to retaliate by wearing much less yourself .
completely naked is a no go but topless or bottomless are fair game p start this one from the point you walk into the room .
mom/daughter or sis/sis by default we 're both together on the couch in the living room .
i 'm in yoga paints and a tank top messing with my phone .
you 're still wearing what you wore to sleep .
panties and a thin tank top with no bra .
you 're just watching tv until you hear the snap of my phone .
i took a pic of you hwo you 're dressed .
i tell you it 's apparently to send to boys online who think i 'm younger .
are you into it from the get-go do you beg me to stop or do you just get really shy ?
be it by blackmail convincing or your own choice i 'll get you to take more and more daring pictures and videos .
start this one from the point after i first take the pic .
daddy/daughter by default i 've won a trip on a cruise at my job but i 'm only allowed to take one person with me .
you 'll play 2 or 3 of my daughters with varying ages personality types and body types who all want to go on the cruise and are willing to do whatever it takes to convince me .
start this one from after i give you all the news of the cruise .
as long as this post is up feel free to shoot me a message .
i respond to everyone as soon as i see the message !
i stepped on a cigarette at your house and she yelled who turned off the heat ? ! ''
my brother gave me his laptop a long time ago since it wasnt powering on .
i was able to start it up but his harddrive is on the fritz .
i decided i could simply move my old harddrive to his laptop no problem .
i guess i dont know that much about computers and i was able to transfer the harddrives but now when i boot up the computer it looks like its wanting to begin loading windows but it flashes something that looks like the bsod then restarts .
i tried doing the repair but to no avail .
20 male sc axels77 cute guy wants to get off
the thing that gives you one month free ps 10 ps store dollars or one free game code ?
something rather odd just happened to me and i am not sure whether it was so much a windows problem rather than a system problem .
i am currently in the process of repairing a friend 's laptop .
it suffered a fall and i believe that the hdd was busted because running the diagnostic turned up with an error for the hdd .
however i wanted to plug it into my desktop pc to check its health with crystal disk info perhaps more for curiosity 's sake .
i unplug the sata cables from my dvd drive and plug them into the hdd .
when i go to start up though windows takes forever to sign me in on my main drive of course .
afterwards i get a black screen on log in so i reset the computer .
then it gets stuck in the windows logo loading .
try it a third time and it starts an automatic repair .
i then decide to unplug the corrupted hard drive and reboot again all was fine .
i am not sure whether i had a problem with windows currently running 10 but have had no issues since installation and it was coincidence or somehow the dead hdd i plugged in was giving me trouble may be drawing power away from the other drives on the mobo ?
my uncle who i rent from is taking me on a cruise that was part of my graduation present .
norwegian cruise lines states that an underage passenger can drink with parental or legal guardian consent .
but i wo n't have either of those on board since i 'm practically on my own anything that i can do or am i up a creek without a paddle ?
just a guy in the middle-of-no-where west texas who wants to unwind this weekend with some payday 2 .
i 'm a level 88 mainly spec 'd into technician
my left lateral incisor is flush with my central incisor and my right lateral incisor overlaps my central incisor by a couple millimeters .
i just got braces on monday and they put a power chain on those four teeth .
i asked at the time about the overlap with the power chain but they did n't seem worried by it .
is it common to have power chains on two teeth that already overlap ?
i just do n't want them to get even more smooshed together .
i just applied to join looking forward to playing with you all !
this is an old boss concept from dark sector .
would be an amazing design for frost 's possible premium skin .
i 'm currently on the west coast and am about to begin job hunting for a position on the east coast to close the gap on a long distance relationship .
my question is when i 'm asked for the reason for my move how is the best way to phrase that ?
i 'm worried that placing the relationship as the reason will indicate that if the relationship sours i 'll be quick to leave and wo n't seem like a serious candidate .
so i have 9 habitable planets in a system i 'm designing the layout is lava desert plains ocean jungle swamp forest mountain tundra .
hope you all do n't mind me asking if you all have ideas .
hello there kelson at first ... i really need to give u big tumps up for al ur good work for the game !
like many ppl mentioned since u 've been starting to take care of the game we like so much the game only is getting better and better .
now im wondering since when u started this forum ?
cus when i google i still go to tsjn site 's are u not allowed to say to ppl this is the new site ?
btw im from eu server and its a total mess now with 3/4 different versions of the game .
ive seen on the forum that you also said u can not remove cus of locked map .
ow yea and pls nerf them fluxez other then that i really start loving this game .
like they try a couple different things and talk about whether they are enjoying it maybe they find something they really like maybe they try some things that are n't so good but they roll with it and turn it into something both fun and fulfilling ?
i realize this is kind of specific but i feel like there should be this kind of material out there somewhere ...
been working all week and have n't had time to do the raid on my second character .
preferably want people that are experienced and know what they 're doing .
if you 've completed the raid that would be helpful aswell .
i thought i recalled seeing a post like this previously but i can not find it .
my older dog logan is 13 this year my younger dog lucas had surgery yesterday just minor removed some things on his teeth/eyes and because of it has to wear a lampshade collar not sure of the technical term that 's just what we call them .
my older dog is now scared of the younger one and hides and wo n't go near him and it 's a pain to get him to go outside because he sort of just cowers behind something until we coax him enough to go outside .
lucas has to wear the collar for two weeks so i 'm wondering if anyone has any advice for anything to do to make logan less scared ?
they sniffed each other when lucas got home so i thought it was all good and then this all happened so apparently not !
aight let me first say that i am sorry for making one of these threads because i hated them before..
so friday night i smoked 1 joint of sum lush kush and 2 hash/tobacco joints .
i have a drug test either next friday or thursday so this was n't the best move .
my weight is 60 kg or 132 pounds i 'm tall and thin .
i used to jog before and i 'm starting today .
i am also drinking 1,5 litres a day until the test .
as an australian who is quite concerned about what i have been hearing regarding the tpp once all countries have signed on what are the mechanisms for abandoning it ?
my computer kept shutting a few program that i want to run
i saw it many times but i do n't remember the title http 38.media.tumblr.com/5d58d040baed94138613261378123ebb/tumblr_ns5v5i2r501ru5cxzo1_400.gif but i do remember it was from early belami
let me know if you want it for an occasion or well wishes !
just that only levels that must be done in a minute !
does anyone have any ideas about the people who are off-planet when the end times come ?
the bible does n't mention us getting off-planet at all .
what if we 're not here at the time ?
it is clearly the reason they are losing ... .
thanx in advance ... going to bed now so will only respond later today ... looking to hangin in this r
i 've had a couple guys be like hey how are you ? ''
and then when i 've not replied send me insults .
should i reply with thanks for the message but i am not interested x '' kind of thing or just keep ignoring guys i 'm not interested in ?
it 's putting me off using online dating to be honest .
this happens 80 of the time i open up the game .
i have updated my drivers and even reinstalled the game .
i 've seen this happen in both aram and normal blind pick .
after about 5-10 seconds of being in champ select we are kicked out of the game with the message that someone failed to pick a champion .
due to aram giving you a random champion out of the gate and not giving people the full 60 seconds to pick their champion in blind pick what the heck is going on ?
it 's very aggressively designed all traded features grant something that works well in conjunction with the rest of the features .
starting out with 18 dex grants you a total 26 ac at level 3 10 4 dex 8 armor 4 tower shield .
the archetype wants you to have high dex to exploit the higher armor training and also grants you free reflex bonuses and evasion later on to boot .
once you get that shield-to-touch feature you can have high enough touch ac to give full casters pause in aiming their rays at you .
can not shield bash with a tower shield so there goes a big source of damage .
for setting a fire under our 38 year old quarterback 's ass and turning him into a machine ... ... ... ... ... thank you !
din pushed his blankets off of him he felt too liberated to sleep .
the eagle could take on the entity that was victor heath and diniyar could do stuff without running commentary .
his feet made quiet fleshy taps on the hard smooth floor as he stood up .
he pulled on some loose clothes and left his bedroom .
the long central hall of the eagle was lightly illuminated by a roof densely packed with tiny lights it had probably been intended to be the night sky but the final result was more like a million floating candles .
victor had invited him and ozziy to relax on the eagle it was a converted leisure yacht afterall .
yet as he always did din started examining every bit of technology aboard to find out what was making what work .
he 'd already started clearing out a storage bay to use as a workshop .
he decided that was where he was going to go there was a faulty gravity field projector that was dying to be taken apart .
he snapped back out of his technology fetish when a light caught his eye coming from a room leading to one of the training bays .
he poked his head round the door and an impossible sight met him huge cylinders were suspended in the air no cables or ropes just floating .
he looked over the lockers and the cabinets victor had told them the eagle had been converted to a training camp inside a ship .
nostalgia overtook him as he excitedly pulled on an instantly fitting spacesuit and grabbed a dummy toolbox .
he got the idea of the red lines around this area of the room he stepped to the verge and gently pushed out .
nostalgia was hitting him in droves he just about resisted the urge to whoop and cackle mad laughter at the familiar feeling of what he had trained to do his whole life he twisted he turned he inverted himself as he skillfully maneuvered around the various elements of the room .
a huge grin was on his face the entire time .
mama and grandpa would 've loved to see him like this one more time .
on ceres he 'd come to the conclusion that gravity was a prison to the man who had flown without it 's chains .
he stopped himself on the next object and hooked his arms on the handles .
he stayed there for hours as he remembered earth mars and the solar system itself in all of it 's beauty .
the images of the blue and red jewels he 'd both called home were right in front of him even moreso than the teardrops clinging to the inside of his visor .
victor had watched diniyar in the zero-g course the whole time it was weighing on his mind long after the two living people on the eagle had gone to sleep .
he 'd always pictured this series of events but he always thought the mission would pre-occupy him instead he was worried about his new partners .
diniyar had a scratching of an idea of the plan mostly the end goal of it all .
he reminded victor too much of his own friends when both he and they had been alive .
victor 's biological nature despite it 's now mechanical operation was blocking him from thinking logically .
he missed not having a ethical and moral crisis over every choice he made .
against all reason he was even beginning to miss when it was death in one direction and freedom in the other .
victor brought the head of his spear down hard straight into the weapon of the guard .
the coilgun dropped to the floor and before the guard had a chance to react the other end of the spear slammed against his head knocking the fucker down .
victor stuck the spear into his gut victor 's anger got the better of him as he pressed deeper and twisted the head of his weapon to make sure this guy was n't going to rejoin the fight .
he left the spear in it 's resting spot .
the mask on the guard 's face locked into silent intimidation .
victor picked up the coilgun and fiddled with it .
in honesty he 'd never fired any kind of gun before he knew where the trigger was more or less so that 's what he tried first .
one sore wrist and a hole in a nearby door later he got the jist of how it worked .
sounds of struggle round the corner brought him back to fight mode a morbid grin spreading across victor 's face .
this was it make or break this was fucking it .
he spun around the corner gripping the coilgun firmly this time he fired into the back of the guard beating one of the slaves .
the writhing form of the slave wheezed out a laugh .
victor offered a hand and levered jost to his feet passing his own coilgun to the tall blue skinned alien .
when you 've got a spear everything is fun . ''
both men 's smiles died as alarms began blazing in earnest .
picking up the second fallen guards coilgun victor followed jost along the curved corridor .
doors were open and many of the common areas were fighting together further on .
both of them stopped as the sounds of shouting drifted through the smashed glass on the outer side of the corridor .
victor smashed away some more of the glass and poked his head out to better see the commotion below .
dozens of guards were surrendering in one of the open areas below .
come on we need to get down there now . ''
jost proceeded to kick out a whole pane of the glass and started clambering down the side of the building victor joined him after seeing the group of unarmed guards gunned down by the rebelling slaves below .
dropping the short distance to the ground at the bottom both victor and jost made a beeline for the hangar bay entrance they went around cheering slaves who were being directed forwards by some of the other ring leaders .
victor heard the powerful voice of dhee and the shrill warcries of klibnep .
victor joined them grabbing slaves and began shouting directions and instructions .
they listened to him with intent and victor started them on their way to the hangars .
he ran alongside his group as he lost sight of the others .
the corridors that descended into the hangar pits were strewn with bodies all the way down most of the slaves he saw died unarmed they 'd been forced to fight with their own hands as guards gunned them down .
the narrow hallways opened up abruptly into a huge hangar filled with weapons fire .
his group were briefly stunned but victor brought them forward .
he himself set up shop at the nearest crate taking potshots at retreating guards .
for every guard that fell a slave fighter gained a weapon .
victor checked his field of fire and waved his group on when it was clear .
victor ran past small ships in various states of damage from the fighting .
some slaves were trying to start ships and he was n't going to stop them .
most of the people here were just labour slaves the gladiators were the only ones set on fighting their way to the slave ship that had landed two days earlier .
he screamed his men into cover but long arcs of green lightning filled his vision .
against his will his hands covered his eyes coilgun dropping to the floor as he screamed in pain .
he did n't know where the guards were shooting mindfray pulses from but he was blindly groping for cover before a familiar pair of arms hooked around him and almost threw him across the floor .
his hands were ripped from his face and his eyes held open .
victor winced expecting even more pain but only the sight of jost met him .
m-mindfray '' jost winced at the mention of the torture device the halsi used to keep slaves in line .
it looked like they had a form of it that served as crowd control .
a hard slap across the face and victor was back he caught the second slap and grabbed the coilgun shoved into his body .
he picked himself up and peeked around the fighting was moving further away as the slaves fought their way deeper into this one hangar .
victor started shooting again he was missing almost all of his shots but once in a while a guard would drop most of them were n't dead but they were hopefully out of the fight .
the weapon jolted again as a solid slug of metal connected with the leg of a guard who 'd been standing on a gantry they lanky form of the alien crumpled and fell backward .
the lack of handrail made it easy to clamber up one of the central catwalks that led straight to the target he saw the lettering on the side the psidinnian .
he droppped down the other side and propped himself against a loading skimmer enough of his men had managed to follow him to make him confident of what lay ahead of them .
another group dropped down from the catwalk behind his own men and began running across open ground towards ships still in good condition .
he looked around they must have come forward almost a hundred metres from the entrance .
a few ships were even powering up he watched with trepidation as they began to rise upward .
victor crouched down if those ships were being flown by guards there was nothing he could do .
he along with every other slave in the hangar cheered as the noses of various ships dipped forward and unloaded all manner of weapons fire down range .
poking his head out victor saw the guards finally break rank and run .
random words spewed from him as he vaulted part of his cover and led the charge .
coilgun at his waist he fired again and again into the rapidly retreating ranks of his oppressors .
some of the more athletic slaves were bounding forward armed with spears pipes or salvage coilguns they cut through any remaining resistance .
grab their weapons and get on the psidinnian ! ''
victor almost jumped up the ladders to the boarding ramps for the huge slave ship .
he 'd never seen the total amount of slaves in this port numbers were thrown about during their plotting and scheming over this uprising .
to see it in person was like watching birds getting ready to fly south the crowds pouring past him pulsated in their numbers .
once in a while he 'd catch sight of a friend .
dhee carried a wounded slave over each shoulder as the huge alien charged past .
victor knew he could n't wait any longer as the crowd just about started to thin if jost was alive he must have been one of the first into the ship .
victor joined the rush of slaves boarding the ship he peeled off and confirmed his identity to a particulary rough looking gladiator who let him past as he made the dash to the bridge .
the exertion of the day was slowly beginning to creep up on him .
he stumbled into the bridge and his tired legs gave him one last jump .
victor leapt on jost pulling the blue skinned xeno into a flying hug .
i fucking knew you 'd make it '' jost tried his best to remain stoic but patted victor 's back as he reeled off a mental headcount .
shaking heads all round told him enough on that part .
a slave victor did n't recognise waved from the other end of the bridge .
the last of the slaves we can take are on board . ''
victor jogged over and put his hands on the slaves shoulders .
the alien seemed to puff out his chest in pride almost .
send out a message to everyone on the ship .
a few cheers and lots of relieved smiles went around the bridge as vhiroo 's voice tinned out on the pa system of the ship .
victor could n't help himself he ran over to the huge observation window as the ship began moving smaller ships full of slaves buzzed around the sides of the psidinnian as the behemoth lazily rose out of the hangar pit .
vhiroo was shouting something behind him and victor 's tired body did n't care until jost turned his head forcefully away from the sight of escape .
victor 's head slumped against the glass in disbelief .
smaller vessels buzzed hungrily around the wormhole cannon small ships carrying slaves were trying to get the hell out of dodge and were being picked off by fighters and smaller vessels .
the psidinnian was only a slave ship but that afforded excellent shielding and thick armour .
the shields sending audible cracks along the hull as the emitters took the strain of each volley of weapons fire .
victor was busying himself trying to find someway out of the situation .
the warp engine was still charging and the shields might not hold that long .
his internal thoughts screamed at him he was n't good at this .
he 'd gotten quite good at fighting the other guys face to face not across the void of space .
vhiroo shouted into transmitters trying in vain to rally the escaping ships together so they could fight as one .
dhee ran over to the viewport and victor saw him physically despair at the pathetic return fire they were managing to put out .
victor ran over to vhiroo and took the transmitter he looked blankly at the controls before coming back to the small alien .
vhiroo i need this to transmit to everything around us ! ''
vhiroo looked closely at the controls and then gave victor the universal look of i do n't get what you 're driving at '' victor practically screamed at the communications handler y'know !
vhiroo slaved over the controls pressing buttons and sliding controls wildly and looked back to victor and gave a terrified nod .
victor thought for a moment before pressing the button to transmit .
halsi ships we are just slaves are they paying you enough to deal with us ?
let us go and er ... '' victor dumbly held the transmit button so his sounds of pause kept sending erm ... and we wo n't destroy you ! ''
he heard some mixed garbling before a sad voice came through the communications piece .
we ca n't stop or they 'll kill us . ''
victor had heard it all the time since he 'd been taken as a slave .
the sound of a enslaved alien who 'd almost given up and was too scared to think about escape .
victor had done this before and he could do it again .
look buddy how many slaves on your ship ? ''
more loud crackles from heavy weapons fire hitting the shield hastened his growing desperation this had to work .
h-hundreds '' there it was a tiny inflection that only victor ever seemed to hear a little touch of anger that betrayed a subservient mind .
look he leaders on this ship are just ten of us and we freed thousands down there .
just think you can do this too they die more easily than you could ever imagine .
shouting came down the line and he heard a tiny scared reply go back .
for a moment victor stopped working if he could n't plant the seed he was going to die here .
kezza mo sava '' victor knew this was it .
kezza if you want to be a hero to see whatever family you have .
too grow old and die with memories of freedom .
i need you to link me into the pa system on your ship .
you can do this kezza you can free every single slave on that ship .
one moment of freedom is better than a life of slavery and pain .
he was breathing heavily victor had given that speech half a dozen times but never quite so impassioned .
kezza made no reply but victor had to try .
this is a freed slave on board the psidinnian .
we were just a few but with us you and i will be the many !
these slavers die just as easily as any other beast .
the uprising has already started the sooner you join the more of you will be free before this day is over ! ''
heads turned around the bridge of the psidinnian as victor 's voice grew louder and louder !
there is nothing they can do against a free being !
he was about to launch into another round of rallying cries before a voice came back .
it 's me psidinnian it 's kezza mo sava the bridge of the yohkarn is ours .
victor smiled once it started the fighting would snowball .
call the other ships tell them what 's happening on the yohkarn and the psidinnian .
you 'll find the words nothing is more convincing than the voice of a free man ! ''
giving the alien he 'd previously terrified the best smile he could as he backed off .
the tall warrior was looking slightly out of his depth but mostly in control of things .
he was barking orders and keeping people too busy to panic .
the blue alien snapped out of his combat trance and acknowledged him with a waggle of his ears .
send a message to navigation or the engines or whoever to make it happen .
get as close to the enemy ships as possible i think i 've started an uprising in record time on one of them and the rest need to see us looking up close and real to get them started . ''
vhiroo ran up to victor and passed him the communications device he 'd just been using .
victor put the piece to his mouth and sent a message .
his inner rage flared as a familiar tone of lofty superiority blasted out of the piece .
i am first leader mut anfel of the cruiser proudclaw who dares to oppose me . ''
i do n't think you know what 's happening yet moot arnfall . ''
victor deliberately taunting him look around you do those slaves around you look a little angry ? ''
victor pressed on the psidinnian is led by me victor heath a free man . ''
you are just in for more pain before i let death take you . ''
the people who put collars around my wrists are dead .
those slaves around you will do the same to you before today is over .
you are only a first class arsehole and if you want to call me back to surrender use my name next time . ''
victor passed back the device to vhiroo and sent him back to his post .
victor walked with as much confidence as he could project to the viewpoint as a ship he assumed was kezza 's yohkarn poured fire into a smaller ship .
victor knew slaves were dying but if they were n't fighting for control of their ship they were as good as dead anyway .
the psidinnian was coming into short range of the wormhole cannon .
that would shoot these ships far from the planet below and towards somewhere if not safe that was better than here .
jost shouted his name as he jogged back from his message run .
victor they 've started dialing up the wormhole cannon down in navigation .
more and more of the enemy are ceasing fire .
victor looked back at the various ships of all shapes and sizes most were simply floating as slave crews left their posts to join a mutiny .
no sooner said was vhiroo back reeling off names of ships that were now under the control of their formerly slave crewmembers .
vhiroo get back to them as soon as the fighting stops .
get them to link all of their announcement systems to us .
we need them now as much as they 're going to need us . ''
victor and the other as formal as rebels get formal ring-leaders had tried to put together some form of common look to make this seem a bit more organised .
victor carried a coilgun over his back as he stepped out onto a gantry above a hangar full of freed slaves .
some were smaller than he thought sentients got and others bigger than anything he 'd fought in the arenas of his slavery .
like a wave heads started to turn those who had been getting medical help even managed to stand and crane heads up towards him .
victor could already tell he was getting some stage fright .
he looked to his right jost was definitely trying to look reassuring but his friend 's face was more a picture of a perfect grimace .
victor instead stepped forward and turned on the transmitter attached to his new combat vest already his thoughts about what he was going to say were drifting away .
victor realised at this late hour that he was obviously not qualified as a motivational speaker and this was a mistake .
but you and i will know they died fighting for their freedom your freedom as well .
the halsi ships yohkarn proudclaw biting maw and dollus have joined us as free men and women . ''
he raised his arms to indicate the group of what was quickly becoming leaders stood around him .
we all planned this day we thought up every situation we could imagine but we never thought we would inspire this .
the bravery you showed in taking your freedom will be talked about for the rest of time . ''
jost 's voice was barely audible from behind victor you 're rambling . ''
from now on we wo n't ask any of you to stay we wo n't turn you away either .
we 're going to look after each other we 're going to survive .
i promise we will be there every step of the way ! ''
i know none of you chose to be here ... '' a few movie speeches were rattling around in victor 's brain but nothing that would help him .
i do know that ... that everyone on this ship and the other 's who fought today chose to be free .
most of you will know that this is n't over one victory wo n't win you all freedom . ''
victor was very conscious of just how many eyes were on him right now .
it 's the halsi who have suffered a shock a defeat that will ring in the ears of every slave in the galaxy ! ''
he felt a calming rush from his gut big or small tall or short red or blue these were his people now .
it 's down to us to turn this around too long have the halsi kept us and so many others in chains .
we wo n't stop until not one man woman or child is a slave to those monsters .
we tore down the slavers below and their own ships joined our cause ! ''
more than a few shouts of agreement came from behind and down below victor hoisted his coilgun above his head he saw many hands rise in unison below guns spears and fists were pointed upwards .
when we are old we will say it we will tell those who live in freedom that it was us who climbed out of the dirt to strike down the oppressors !
we will be free until our last day ! ''
the cheers from below were all he could have hoped for and more .
a hand on his shoulder turned him around dhee and moretz vhiroo and lepva all had their guns and fists raised still .
the tall blue alien pulled him into a crushing hug .
he 's gone really quiet din i do n't like this . ''
ozziy had had a magnificent night sleep he 'd been sleeping on the same uncomfortable bed since he was a boy the bed here was fit for a god in his mind .
his uneasiness about the 'victor ' intelligence had set in when he 'd been trying to work some of the ships systems and found himself locked out .
diniyar was wolfing down all manner of foods like he 'd not eaten for weeks .
i think this is what he meant when he said that he just.. zones out occasionally .
i do n't think he feels time like we do . ''
diniyar went back to eating after wiping some form of food off of his nose .
i 'll be looking around some more if you need me din . ''
the human waved a spare limb in recognition as he continued eating .
ozziy walked out into the central corridor he 'd spied an armoury on the way in and he wanted to check out some weapons .
his father had trained him in the traditional combat styles as a boy but victor had made it clear that things were n't going to be completely safe on this journey .
he stepped inside and was met with a collector 's dream .
he 'd seen old fashioned coilguns in various states of scrap in the graveyard but there they were .
they were just as lightweight as he 'd been told .
he felt like he could carry a hundred of these things .
ozziy dropped the coilgun back to it 's resting place and pounced backwards before he realised it was victor .
i 've um ... just never seen any weapons like that before . ''
the artificial intelligence seemed to pause you can just say you wanted to play with some guns .
we 're on a training ship this is the armoury 's express purpose '' ozziy could n't help an echo yes i would like to play with some guns . ''
a series of lights illuminated a pathway out of the armoury ozziy had n't seen previously .
grab one and head down to the range i 'll walk you through it . ''
with childlike excitement ozziy picked up the coilgun and managed a cool quick walk down to the range .
he walked into the booth the lights had illuminated .
he contained his suprise as a roll of coilgun bullets popped out of the wall .
alright line up the slots the slots a bit left .
ozziy pulled the old weapon 's slide back and felt it click .
as soon as he let it go it shot back again and the weapon sparked into life .
white lines started shining and the weapon flowered out around the barrel .
ok on the top there is two glass looking pieces .
point the gun downrange at the red target and line up the blue circle around the orange one in the two glass pieces . ''
ozziy tenderly handled the coilgun and manage to quickly line everything up .
now put the back of the weapon into your shoulder and keep it there .
the recoil will break your bones if you are n't careful . ''
on the front where you are holding it there are two bits that are like buttons .
ozziy 's whole body jolted as the weapon fired .
we 'll make a sniper of you yet ozziy .
ozziy had lowered the weapon and was looking up at the roof .
ozziy you remind me an awful lot of someone i used to know .
this ship was rebuilt and put to use by the slaves in the halsi uprising .
i ca n't tell you everything just yet but diniyar trusts you and that means i should put faith in you too .
ozziy took in the answer your goal is to find earth ? ''
it 's part of my plan diniyar is astounding is n't he ? ''
his whole race is full of people like him .
finding them makes my goal easier to achieve . ''
diniyar had very rarely talked about earth in depth with him din had always said that humanity was n't so different from any of the 9 greater races .
ozziy found that ... slightly satisfying as an answer .
spare a comment for criticism so i wo n't cold at night .
if you do want more the next chapter should be ready late next week .
this is cut and pasted from a doc i got from our church .
the small groups have a discussion part and then a part where we get into groups of about 6 people and talk about our lives and pray for each other .
at the meeting house our home churches are our primary places for disciple-making .
this is where some important aspects of the communal christian life described in the new testament are best lived out .
and indispensable to healthy disciple-making home churches are our home church huddles '' formerly known variously as prayer groups or so what '' groups .
these smaller groups of 3-4 people allow us to build more intimate more accountable and more energized disciple-making relationships .
although jesus poured his heart into training and equipping his twelve disciples he also prioritised a closer relationship with three of his disciples in particular peter james and john matthew 17:1 mark 9:2 mark 13:3 mark 14:33 luke 8:51 luke 9:28 .
other helpful huddle scriptures include proverbs 27:17 ecclesiastes 4:9-12 matthew 18:20 galatians 6:2 colossians 3:16 2 timothy 3:16-17 1 thessalonians 5 14 hebrews 3:13 james 5:16 etc .
huddles touch base in two ways 1 in the weekly home church meetings huddles have some time to connect and discuss the application of that week 's teaching to their lives as well as pray for one another .
2 each week huddles connect at least one other time outside of home church in person or another way phone text email bbm facebook etc .
to see how things are going and if possible dig deeper into what god is doing in each others ' lives .
it is our hope that over time huddles will want to do more life together and invest more time into study discussion accountability and prayer but we leave that up to each huddle to pursue to the extent they choose .
on occasion there may be naturally formed huddles that primarily meet outside of home church but we still encourage every huddle to attach themselves to a home church even if they can not attend regularly .
for instance three or four friends may meet weekly for a meal and discussion outside of home church time or they may serve together in a volunteer ministry and invest extra time before or after to connect relationally .
even if you ca n't regularly attend a home church it is still valuable for you to talk to an elder of a local home church and let that home church adopt you and your huddle .
if you 're in a huddle that is not currently a part of a home church let your lead pastor know so he/she can help you benefit from the larger group fellowship of a home church near you .
huddles will vary in approach and style but here are some suggestions to help you get the most out of your time together .
always begin a huddle by following up on prayer requests confessions or resolutions that were talked about last time you were together .
have you all done what you said you would do ?
how can you help each other accomplish what you resolve to do ?
the following questions are here to serve you as a guideline .
sometimes huddles will want to spend an hour or more together and will have the time to talk through all eight questions and pray together .
some times huddles will be challenged for time and will only make use of two questions .
and much of the time huddles will be somewhere in between .
note if you rarely have the time to work through all eight or even six questions you may want to occasionally rotate in one of those neglected questions .
number eight is especially formative in helping us be disciples of jesus and not contemporary pharisees .
whenever sin is confessed remind each other of the forgiveness of jesus 1 john 1:5-10 and the peace god gives us through the gospel romans 5:1 and 8:1 .
how have you encountered christ and what has he been teaching you through scripture sunday 's sermon people and other ways ?
what has been the quality and quantity of your relationship with god through scripture and prayer‎ ?
what has been your greatest area of temptation struggle or sin and how can we help ?
how have you served others and loved well or missed opportunities to do so including serving your church investing time in your family helping your friends showing kindness to strangers and loving your enemies ?
if you have time for six questions add these two
5 who have you had a spiritual conversation with learning about their beliefs and sharing your own ?
6 have you been quick to apologize and/or forgive ?
‎if you can make the time to really dive in add these two
7 how have you followed or failed to follow the teaching of jesus in your speech and in your finances ?
8 have you been creating the impression that you are better than you are ?
some guy called the wrong number and as a joke i went on with it .
he keeps on calling me now and thinks my name is chris and that i 'm not only a bricklayer but also a part time it consultant .
update the guy pissed off after leaving a voicemail about him betting the right number .
done did the raid and nightfall x3 so now i just wan na do a heroic strike playlist and use all those 3oc i got .
so buying data from the map will allow you to view the system through the gal map .
upon traveling to that same system however it appears blank as if i have no data on it and i can not target or see any of the bodies on the nav menu .
i 'm sure in the past it did not work this way is this working as intended ?
i 'm not happy with what i am and i feel like it 's not worth it to change .
i 'm not a terrible person but my body male is so chubby while literally all my siblings have been built since before high school .
i 'm a nerd that does n't like nerd stuff it 's rediculous .
all i do is watch video games on youtube and read the occasional comic book .
i 'm not a big enough fan of the things i like and i 'm just not a fan of things i should .
and that does n't make friends of which i have and have had none .
oh and fuck me finding out the basic human needs '' back in high school health class .
i do n't like to be loud and a part of my brain is always telling me i 'm never doing good enough .
i criticize everyone and everything not out loud but so constantly i do n't know what to believe our what to do .
my life is literally the joke that people pass around .
let 's just sort of ignore him it 's tiring keeping up that false sense of interest at his cringey sad boring sense of self .
i feel like i screw up anytime i try to be better .
there 's a public stigma on someone who 's a 23 year old male with no friends and distant from family .
i 'm always the fat black looser that 's trying to hard .
people say they care and maybe they really do .
people say i 'm not that bad and maybe i 'm not .
people say it gets better and maybe it does .
i still see people stare or quickly look away or laugh .
and the real world will in fact leave me alone regardless of what i do .
i 'm just meant to be forced on people and forgotten .
like my existence is some necessary burden on the world .
i just want the flashbacks to stop hold a girl 's hand for the first time and just pass away into nothing .
do n't know if you are serious but i 'll still reply i am not tilted by these losses on the contrary i want to understand how to react in these specific situations for next games .
since it seems they 're trying to lighten up a bit with a happier oli maybe they 're spending the entire season on fixing the city too !
where their neck is bent like ... 90 degrees against a hardwood floor ?
going out of the way in a interview to stay someone is t1 is a lot different than saying someone is good or not
well ones a known porn star of her own volition
nicotine is n't highly reactive so you 're probably okay .
i do n't know who is the nic base manufacturer but it 's probably just the plastic absorbing the vg being constantly saturated
i already did this 2weeks ago and it did n't help ...
i 'm running out of ideas and do n't want to send it in
go back to whatever third world shithole you half-evolved in and take the little rat with you .
i 'm not much of a fan of either of them but i ca n't figure out at all how that could be construed as sexist .
it 's more sexist that you think his statement was borderline sexism .
unless the s6 has an oled screen black actually uses more battery than white .
the only move naruto has that can arguably affect piccolo is the truth seeking balls and the rasenshuriken .
the former having really terrible range and can be avoided while the latter can be countered with a force field or just durability .
after all energy beams in db have been known to disintegrate on the atomic and cellular level if strong enough .
would be much better without all the cuts to reaction faces .
this is n't a scientific paper which i have written i have no obligation to provide evidence beyond what is required for an opinion piece .
precisely because of so this is a discussion rather than me relaying a fact to you .
of course being rational recipients if you disagree you can
if you want a backbone of my argument why not go read papers on operant conditioning ?
i do n't want to buy a 500 video card to replace my gtx 580 .
still the main point is that aw is not a good benchmarking tool if you want to know how well bo3 will run on your pc .
or the one with the guy knocking 1 guy out after another
they were rushing everything not just when they were under immense pressure .
you should probably be fine with just that unless you want to watch every game .
the 70 's was the decade during which the nba lost it 's popularity .
it took bird and magic to bring the nba back .
not really comparable the advantage that the usa has over russia is actually 3 times the amount of people fit for service .
a defence budget that is higher than the rest of the world combined .
more oil than pretty much anywhere in the world .
the only place that i can see where russia actually has more in numbers than the usa is tanks .
of course the usa has the m1 which has been battle tested unlike the t90 and the crews have all seen battle .
if you look at it as a numbers game the usa has air superiority and better supply and communications lines .
if you add in the fact that they have done this in real war conditions you have a real edge .
if you want to add chinas army you could but then you have nato vs china which means the british would get involved and japan then you have ww3 and even with no nuclear weapons the military might is stacked against russia and china .
you dont need to be protoss to beat bronze scrubs
i 'm going to break the system found the guy who replies
muramasa is my go-to example of vn bgm done right .
i 've read a couple of vns with impressive soundtrack but not a single one can come close to this one .
direct do not drink alcohol with this medication '' .
liver failure as the liver can not deal with filtering a
pretty sure steven said he did it on stream like 2 years ago .
more specifically they are reasoning about the wawe of stabing attack .
while it could be considered at first that it was an isoled act then some isoled act the multiplication of these attacks can make one wonder if it is a new form of less spectacular terrorism .
while they are low profile attacks their repetition can indeed have an effect of fear and suspicion on all the israeli of palestinian origin and it is a possibility that it is an organised plan to exacerbate ethnic tensions .
so you should deal with this loss of confidence imho doing porn cause of that is gon na make you feel bad .
one snowy evening last week i was curled up by the fire in my cozy farmhouse reading little home on the prairie for the 7th time when i stopped and realized just what was in my hand .
with no more internet no more colleges no way to phone up a friend for that great rabbit stew recipe these few surviving pages are the key to rebuilding our once great civilization .
i woke up the very next morning and made a life-changing decision .
no longer could i be content with mere survival no !
it is my duty nay my destiny to gather the surviving knowledge of this world and collect it for what generations may come .
and sell it to them at a hefty markup .
with that resolution in mind i have decided to open northern canada 's most comprehensive bookstore .
i gathered up the tractor manuals and farming guides from the barn and i set out to consolidate my existing holdings .
first back through the dam where i grabbed a copy of an intro to electrical engineering textbook .
on to camp office where i had some travel guides and a wayne gretzky biography .
out to trapper 's where there still a couple paperback jack london novels stashed .
bagged a deer on my way back through the forest stayed a couple days at camp repairing all my gear and sorting out what i was going to bring and now i 'm off to coastal highway with a pack full of books and smoked venison .
i 'm going to search every bookcase backpack container and cupboard and i 'm going to build the best damn bookstore north of the rockies .
i 'm still on the hunt for a good location ideally somewhere easily accessible by road to attract passing tourists .
it should have some nice shelves for displaying the fine quality merchandise .
preferably some type of fireplace because a warm customer is a happy customer and happy customers buy more books .
it should go without saying that the neighbors must be quiet and well-behaved i ca n't have a bunch of party animals hooting and hollering at all hours of the night that kind of disruptive behavior could be quite alarming to my clientele .
and good storage because i 'm going to need to put all these frickin books someplace .
i noticed that in some matches i was absolutely melting enemies while in other matches enemies were eating my bolts and wanted blaster bolts would hit me around corners .
the net code seems to be hit or miss but it is a beta and the players are limited .
players from the eu or else where connecting and fucking up the connection is almost expected .
eh fair enough i was just saying that that particular lyric taken does n't give the best impression .
but i 'm happy cuz we 're a stacked team right now .
hanzo suddenly hugs me it surprised a bit and then i return the hug with the same gentle as hanzo 's
what 's the least expensive auto insurance for an 18-year old woman having a 1993 ford taurus with 89000 miles ?
what 's the least expensive auto insurance for an 18-year old woman having a 1993 ford taurus with 89000 miles ?
a kv-2 once put an entire german armoured battalion on hold for a whole day before it ran out of ammunition .
in the winter war the finns commented that the kv-2s were basically unkillable even at point blank and only throwing molotovs into the engine seemed to do anything .
if anything it 's living up to it 's record .
it 's not the chemical dump that breaks people .
it 's the fact that you can see the enemy 's face when you pull the trigger .
they will continue to do so as they 've yet to get a worthwhile game .
they have to rely on pretending destiny lol and call of duty are exclusives .
i 've had plenty of jobs where i washed before i pissed .
there 's plenty of options for support a good many of the classes can fill the role
eniripsa are healers first and foremost but they can also put out a decent amount of damage .
not much in the way of tanking but they put marks on targets as well to incentivise the team 's focus on killing targets by way of heals extra ap etc .
good for randoms as they do n't always cooperate with your best laid plans .
masqueraider has its water magic for healing and position swapping .
it 's quite effective at punching the ever living crap out of targets with air as well pushing targets all around the map possibly to great aoe effect with others .
definitely one of the more fun classes though if you want to do damage you have to be quick with your skill spam as air is quite cheap and allows you to do a lot of attacks per turn .
one of their many talents though is minion spam .
this is one of the more ... shall we say boring classes because most of what you 'll end up doing is summoning minions and then sitting back and waiting for stuff to happen .
it slows down the game for everyone but it 's solo capable and has not only its own heals but minions that can heal as well .
feca are the first of this list that can't heal people but they provide shields quite readily and are considered one of the tankiest classes in the game for it .
they 're also area controllers with glyphs and can put out quite a bit of damage even at long range .
they 're a good all around class but you 'll need to again keep in mind what you want to do for the next turn because they have quite a few cheap skill options per turn that can make or break your team 's success .
osamodas supports by way of summoning monsters it 's captured but also by way of turning into a half dragon .
it can also support with gob gob and as a result has minor healing abilities .
these are all mutually exclusive though summoning prevents being a dragon or bringing out gob gob becoming a dragon absorbs gob gob for the battle so you obviously ca n't summon him or make him spit out monsters etc .
gob gob support was kind of weak before the skill deck reworks i do n't know how it stacks up now .
dragon form is decent air damage but fire and summoning was always the way to go for me .
they want to get hurt they hurt themselves with some abilities they take damage for others ... and they hurt baddies real good .
they get the most health in the game but it 's fairly ablative .
with no self healing they have to rely on blowing enemies up real fast with fire or tanking them real hard with earth which provides a shield .
air was kind of lacklustre when i tried it .
honourable mention goes to pandawa and ecaflip who have water abilities that heal as well in an area .
it 's just that they are n't really optimal at being healers .
it should be mentioned that apm is n't really a thing in wakfu .
it 's apt t for turn and honestly most classes are fairly low maintenance even the cra ranged carries if you 're sticking with lol terminology .
the few that are high apt require pre-planning while it isn't your turn so you can get through everything in 30 seconds but honestly even then it 's usually 4-ish skills and then you pass your turn .
only a select few masqueraiders or iops doing air .
especially iops because of skill comboing really see you doing more than 4 skills in a turn and at that point it 's more like 7-10 .
masqueraider sacrier and feca like being up close usually though only the sacrier is a dedicated melee unit .
feca likes to be close to lock enemies and make it difficult to move around them to allies and masqueraider does air combos at 1-3 square ranges usually ending with them in melee combat with the target .
everyone else prefers range and really only sacrier is stuck at melee or stuck pulling enemies to them to do damage .
pandawa can also tank but are n't as good honestly .
sadida and osamodas tank by way of summoning but osamodas are worse at it because they can only summon a limited number of monsters .
feca and masqueraider are fun and involved classes but require a lot of forethought while it isn't your turn to use them effectively .
the rest are fairly straight forward oh that happened since last turn .
well i 'll just punch them a couple times and end '' style classes .
which is n't to say boring or limited but lower apt .
really only the eniripsa is n't great at soloing .
sadidas are pretty much unparalleled soloers thanks to minion spam keeping them safe .
osamodas are in the same boat though they 're only as good as their strongest summon so they need to update their summons on a fairly regular basis or fall behind .
its just that 95 of 'atheists ' that i debate with follow the 'there is no god ' route when i feel like it should be closer to 50/50 between that and 'i simply do .
why do i have to be 1 of these 4 ?
i still cant remember what happened in the second half of coven
also if someone says he wants to lose weight but his drinking is the only thing preventing it ... alcoholic .
going forward in time the prevalence of online anything can only increase .
did she even ask if it was okay to put it up in the first place ?
i dont know why they want traps to be a thing .
no one is using thief or ranger traps and whoever is is dropping their dps .
just to clear up any confusion that cute baby in the original pic is not my baby but i thought the picture was funny .
here 's lily with her tiny middle finger getting her bronze on http imgur.com/7udakv8.jpg
take it out and run integrated if it does n't crash it 's a bad card
might be trying to boost to high pulling to much power .
this district is gerrymandered to the point where there is absolutely no chance for a democrat to pull over 30 .
hell even eric cantor was too liberal '' for us !
yes if the link is strong enough to pull 'direct traffic ' .
this is pure theoricrafting and some of the solution you give will make the situation worste .
as you said some heroes were n't balanced with this kind of gold distribution but the problem is not the gold distribution but the fact they should have been rebalanced in the first place .
no one want to play or watch game like 2 years ago where 2 carry farm for 40 min while the 8 others just protect their jungle .
if it was realistic you 'd likely end up dead from unavoidable cancer .
i pace looking disdainfully at the tiny weights until my set then i walk right to bar get grip and go .
then i walk away as if disgusted at the petty resistance the bar put up .
if you read graysone 12 you will remember those quotes in the reunion scenes .
this article gives the history of where they came from .
full disclosure i do reviews for this site but did n't write this article it just blew my mind
research by john lott is not allowed on r/guncontrol because of his long history of fabricating data fabricating stories fabricating personas to defend his work and sell his books see mary rosh and clear manipulation of data to make his point when proper research methodology disproves his hypothesis https www.google.com/url ? sa=t rct=j q esrc=s source=web cd=1 cad=rja uact=8 ved=0cb0qfjaaahukewjs7vnrkrjiahwkjb4khy-pd3e url=http 3a 2f 2fwww.armedwithreason.com 2fshooting-down-the-gun-lobbys-favorite-academic-a-lott-of-lies 2f usg=afqjcnfbguahidzbnzxxlsgdg_mfoq28ng sig2=vbcntubhkvtzi-hwpeanwg bvm=bv.104819420 d.dmo .
he cherry picks countries in europe that had a mass shooting and compares it to the entire us .
this is terrible methodology when researching rare events because a single event in a small country can completely distort the results when compared to much larger countries .
notice how larger countries like the france uk and germany all fall below the us ?
given that it 's safe to assume that if you averaged all of europe together and compared it to the us europe would be significantly lower .
this would never pass peer review which is why a professor who 's been published in the past is now submitting his 'research ' in online unreviewed blogs .
he has knowledge and a well-established familiarity with the peer review process so ask yourself why does n't he submit these findings ?
my wifes old lincoln ls had the battery in the trunk .
also a lot of guys who are into drag racing their rwd cars relocate the battery to the trunk to put a little extra weight over the rear axel for better grip not a lot but when youve got cash to throw at a hobby but not enough to build a dedicated race car you take any little bit you can get .
he has made instituted laws against homosexuality under the guise of protecting the church which would be enough by itself .
he is stoking social anger towards immigrants and their descendants under the guise of protecting true russians which would be enough by itself .
he has inflicted brutal reprisals against muslim terrorists which would be enough by itself .
and perhaps most importantly he stands up '' to obama .
combine all four together and forget he is a former kgb agent who seeks to challenge america 's position in the world the far-right 's patriotism dries up .
it looked like it was a movie being filmed within a movie .
what really grinds my gears is that people do not understand that the bible was written basically as a history book but added in god .
essentially it 's like saying that god was angry at those darn southerners in the bayou so he hit new orleans with hurricane katrina .
all of the users arguing about how pictures about the blacklivesmatter movement or anti-racist movements offend them and their white sensibilities do n't get it .
i do n't think those men took that picture to convince white people to stop being racist or confront their prejudices the reaction in the thread shows that 's going to be a tougher battle but to point out double-standards and to show their pride in achieving something that was impossible decades ago and is still incredibly impressive in this day and age .
they took that picture with that quote for people who are n't fuckwits .
the racists in the thread that think that anti-racism has to be packaged in a nice pretty package are delusional because they know they 'll probably never confront their inner prejudices .
granted it was sundance festival we paid for our tickets so we were going to sit it out .
i had to do something similar the other day with my wife 's brakes .
could n't find my piston tool so i ended up using a hammer in the piston a 1x2 and two quick grip clamps to push the piston back into the caliper .
not a chance but it did n't damage anything and it worked .
next time i 'll have the right tool since i know it 's missing now and can replace it .
but he did n't and some people think that potentially killing someone is n't worth a possible smashed windshield .
look how the country reacted when that guy coaxed that black guy into beating him to near death and then he shot and killed the black guy .
the guy was beating him and half the country wanted him to just take the beating even if he thought his life was in danger .
so how else are they supposed to get hookers ?
come on is it fair to say these rich suits do n't care for the game ?
saint hill manor being the i think uk hq and former world hq of scientology .
though numbers wise in the 2011 census there were only maybe 5000-6000 scientologists more people put heavy metal for their religion than scientology
i can work with that probably side of fruit/veg sausage
you know as fun as those videos are to watch i could never really understand why a woman would want a guy to so that ?
stanford yell leaders bought an axe to use at a baseball rally .
brought it to the baseball game lost the game and then thought about ditching it because it was bad luck .
cal students decided it would be a great kick to have that axe as a reminder of the drubbing they had given stanford in the baseball game and stole it from them .
after an hours ' long rush through san francisco and attempted burglary and arson in berkeley the law professors of both schools met and decided that cal could keep it .
it would then get paraded around campus every year before the baseball game and later the football game by cal .
stanford attempted to steal it off and on for 30 years before being successful .
admin got tired of having to deal with it and said it would become a trophy between the two schools for football games .
this of course meant that it would end up getting stolen a known 7 more times since then by both schools because who would n't stop stealing that thing ?
what is funny is that for many years even the way to spell axe was disputed and different depending on which side of the bay you were on .
it is the most important piece of metal in the western hemisphere .
i 'd be all over that if i had a laser cutter or hd800s .
i would be limited to different filaments plastic and various composites .
there 's a wood composite that might work maybe ?
but i do n't have an hd800 to test with .
if anyone would like to donate one to the cause id be totally up for it though !
i remember a recent article making that claim but with no real support for it .
wizards knows the demand and expectation for enemy fetches is there they 're not going to wait any longer than they have to on reprinting them .
if i 'm thinking of the same article you are the only logic they used was proximity to the expedition printing and it being some sort of favor to players owning a lot of modern value .
there 's as much of a time difference between ktk and bfz as between bfz and lock and bfz even has the battle lands printed right alongside their expedition versions .
as for helping the players who own enemy fetches if they really wanted to do that they 'd make it clear that they do n't intend to reprint them anytime soon to give better support to them and to quell the constant speculation .
in any case a two year gap between ally fetches and enemy fetches is plenty .
that 's not to say there 's any certainty that enemy fetches will be in lock but i do think it 's plenty likely and saying there 's no chance '' of it is just ridiculous .
you do n't want to go down that road .
it 's dark and hard to find a way out .
when they first introduced it it would tell me to drive across fields .
if he was just shutting lackey down early then he would n't have even pitched in the 8th .
your submission was removed because it looks like you 're posting music without a correct title .
does it have spaces around the dash and does it have the genre ?
forgetting these points are almost definitely why it was removed .
you will need to delete this post before submitting again click on delete above .
if you are not posting music please resubmit with the appropriate tag in the title
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/music if you have any questions or concerns .
if the new govt curtails the old it is not progressive .
well 3 character should n't be use when it possible and using initial of each syllable is easy to recognize so mihawk-mh jozu-jz kidd-kd
first 3 initial is easier to recall which character is that than trying to use end of the word so killer-kil garp-gar franky-fra kuma-kum
no point showing ashura zoro everyone have it and max special is n't that special
i 'd love a style tag too ... .not a fan of quake 's or giant man 's uniform .
we were drinking with some friends a couple weekends ago .
another parent showed up with her 13 year old in tow .
she sat on her phone and generally ignored the adults with the exception of the game my drunk friend made up a while ago called what does kid 's name remember ? '' .
a few minutes in i had a sudden realization that she had likely had never used a computer without a mouse .
i questioned her and was blown away by the response .
i 've never felt so old and amused at the same time .
or 528 to bernalillo if you 're closer to the west side .
you do n't get to tell people how to feel what their owed based on their emotional attachment to a project or game .
your opinion has leaked into judging other people subjectively .
good to know they 're going after the asshole who attacked and not the driver of the car .
do you know when will beth be in another scout rotation ?
if by the time your device fails microsoft has already launched the band in germany/austria you might be in luck but otherwise you would have to send it back to the us and i am not sure if microsoft would then send it back to you to germany so you might end up with high shipping costs .
one option would be to buy from the uk .
then you are protected by eu law and have e.g .
a two year warranty on your device and only have to return it to the uk .
when i buy something from the us i always think to myself that i do not have any warranty .
i know it sucks but for a lot of devices you are better of buying a new one and selling your broken one on ebay than hassling with shipping to the us and back .
mid players get flamed so much case in point s4 and offlaners too another example funn1k .
it just seems that way to you but i do have to admit supports get the least flame .
leoric so people stop thinking he 's a good solo tank .
i 'm a bit bummed out that i ca n't listen to spotify while playing though !
the only thing that you can do is to message the admins http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2freddit.com using your shadowbanned account and patiently wait for a response .
they do n't always respond to the first message so be mildly persistent but do n't message them more than once a day .
the details of some are not as obvious as others .
some bans are done by mistake but if you know you broke a rule be honest and apologize .
your activity including pms private subreddits alt accounts and voting history are utterly transparent to them .
i am a bot however real people will be along to answer any remaining questions so feel free to leave a comment anyway .
if you do have success getting your account back in good standing the guy who wrote this would really like it if you reply to this thread http www.reddit.com/r/shadowban/comments/2cdyix/105_redditors_told_me_they_were_unbanned_with_the letting him know that it helped .
i 've done 8-10 on siege before with my hunter and titan .
you wo n't need to wait if you have the correct set up .
you have like 3-5 groups of 10-15 thrall running at you .
solar titan i used the helmet xur is selling that gives you two melees along with that perk that automatically recharges the melee when you get a melee kill .
with cauterize you get health every fire fist or whatever it 's called .
it helps if you have a high disc and strength
as a 17 year going to college next year this is all really bumming me out man .
that 's like saying that foolish weak strawhat boy from that little town in the east blue could ever survive in the new world .
i guess i will go dt770/80 as it is the most different.how would you describe a900x 's bass ?
that spoke to me as see look canadian id tags its canadians playing canadians in a canadian conflict little canadian details we are canada ''
ok sk see what you 've started now everyone and their dog thinks they can do a podcast have a shed sponsors oh the humanity !
germany 's okay with this cause it 's not germans doing the killing this time .
you do n't necessarily know what 's better for them .
would i be rightfully shooting them or would i be overreacting ?
my argument was independent of grammar and was actually that term you used does n't actually exist and what you meant to say was a real world phrase called moral victory '' i was talking about his choice of words not his cups capitalization usage punctuation spelling .
he did n't misspell a word he used the wrong word .
i backed that argument up with about 5 different sources .
im supposedly wrong but i havent gotten a single link in response that backs up the phrase morale victory . ''
there is n't even a wikipedia page for morale victory ''
the j model is such a great plane to work with
i started last month but since i work from home i can do it all day .
i do only swagbucks as i find it very easy even relaxing .
also find a post where they are seriously trying to pass themselves off as jeff .
the comment jeff reported him for was him responding to jeff ...
if someone was trying to impersonate someone they would n't publicly talk to the person they are pretending to be .
well there are too many to list them all of .
i personally think the regular straight up gameplay videos are by far the best .
the duck dynasty series is short but hilarious https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=eq7vxms5jfa .
another example could be the enforcer https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=q8ejcbsnigm series .
then you also have the longer series like chaser manhunter ubersoldier chrome sniper elite 3 heavy fire afghanistan and damnation .
there 's a lot of healing spells that goes through bkb .
no one ever got a good education at say harvard .
and do n't tell me a private school with a 36 billion endowment is n't profit seeking .
the fb page has been pretty dead as of late too ... the meetups that the subreddit are holding seem to be really successful though i 've just yet to make it out to one .
throw in a connor a hellebuyck baby you got a stew goin
you probably have to wait on hold for another 4 hours right ?
did you use the light mozzarella from trader joe 's ?
i know that one is about 45 cal per ounce .
regular cheerios no one else likes them so i never worry about someone eating or stealing them
i 'm sure if it were to accidentally get leaked possibly maybe then no one would really have to know ... .
pc is too easy to pirate on so that is a pretty big turn off for developers .
even denuvo has had work arounds in recent days .
sure it can be argued that consoles get hacked but it takes years before it usually happens with the exception of the 360 so that is a big selling point for developers .
as you know in the eyes of a dev 1 pirated game 1 game sale lost even though that 's not the case .
not everyone that pirates a game was going to buy it in the first place lol .
you 're also looking at things from the point of a gamer but things are different through the eyes of a developer publisher marketing and so on .
consoles make up most of the sales so logically most of the time and effort should go to what will make them the most money .
it 's only worth paying out money to a team to port a game to pc if they figure there is a sizable profit to be made which at times there is n't .
you actually see more and more taking chances on pc ports lately as the demand is growing once again .
if the profits do n't end up meeting the demands that are seen though you 'll likely see things go like it was before less pc ports compared to now .
i have heard this before but i think it 's dumb to assume .
you are so into looking for racists and your desperate attempt to label me as such is not working .
ill do 3 a piece buy all 6 at 2.25 a piece .
i hate when people say they can program in html
edit after reading that plot summary i actually like it .
synopsis the novel features twig a imaginative little city girl who turns a tomato can into a house for fairies .
a little elf comes along to live in the house and at twig 's request turns her fairy-sized though he can not manage wings .
a friendly sparrow fetches the queen of the fairies to help .
live near anaheim so ducks are my second team .
i was also taught that the invisible hand was about free trade .
i had a samuelson text but there was an elipsis in the quote and it made me curious .
in fact its the reason i picked up that heavy brick of work the first time .
reading it carefully and in context you find out that the invisible hand leads nen to do what is best for his nation without intending to by preferring domestic production for domestic consumption .
i 'm stealing this reply to say i found really interesting how the episode developed showing a lot of the effort that was put in the operation by the whole nerv .
even the music seemed to agree after the counter goes 0 a really epic symphony starts to play at the same time all the parts are set in place to turn on the sniper .
you would n't think showing us a bunch of containers and machinery would fit with the background music but with the context of the episode it felt as if it was a part of the battle too because of the importance of the effort put by everyone .
it 's not but it 's not what makes a mafia game great
only the script possibly an early draft by william gibson .
you need an incentive to buy another sticker in the next major .
same goes with team stickers and why they always have something extra '' around them .
i helped a ww win against two mafia once just because i could .
told ww to target the framer then i threw the mafioso at the framer as well .
other guy alive was a survivor both mafia dead ww win .
its a bit counter intuitive but helping out the nks instead of mafia is quite fun as witch .
plus its also quite fun to watch the mafia get mad at you for not siding with them
one machine is on a home wifi network one machine is on an office lan but is not joined to a domain .
the open file dialog is attempting to open to the local hd .
with the insane budget triple a titles have these days you 'd expect the characters to be more fleshed out and fully realized .
edit i 'm back the dog ripped my balls off .
i accidently ate all the treats in front of him then hopped the gate .
tl dr dog bit off my balls but i robbed the house .
i got a bunch of stuff including a book on how to properly use internet phrasing .
guys like that are the types of guys we 're with until we find the ones we spend the rest of our lives with .
it was fun while it lasted and its over now .
you 'll find someone better to spend your time with but in the meantime just have fun .
the result looks good so far with a larkin assist !
even if he was pakistan was india when this happened .
because tbs ' strike zone is actually calibrated for the hitter on deck .
do n't choose your school and major based on what your high school classmates are doing .
i stressed so much about not going to harvard because all my classmates were talking big about going to the ivies .
now i 'm glad that i 'm finished with no debt and a degree from a fantastic school that offered me a scholarship .
for what i want to do going to a top 10 school would n't really have helped i would have hated the environment and i 'd be 200k in debt .
i do n't regret my school choice at all .
it means always disappointing '' you might not want to tell someone that sex with them never fails to disappoint '' unless sex with them is always disappointing .
the drive you 're looking at maxes out at 555/500 mbps r/w which is 4440/4000 both lower than sata iii max 6000 in mbps .
sata ii tops out at 3000mbps so it stands to reason that you may notice up to a 33 performance reduction .
whether that 's worth the convenience of having an optical drive is up to you .
i use them so rarely that i just put a hard drive in an ultrabay adapter so i could leverage the sata iii speeds of the primary drive bay .
either way you 're way ahead of any spinner .
but it was also completely broken in multiplayer it took them 2 years til people could play it reasonably well .
atleast be runs well from a technical standpoint even if the gameplay is lackluster .
p i grabbed some hard drives from the dumpw sata cables 500 gb and i traded a monitor i found for a 1 tb hdd .
middle school was kind of emo/goth never really got the scene thing .
safe to say i did it for the ladies .
to this day i have a gross heavily make-upped sweet spot for scene girls .
how a country made of just those two regions survived is beyond me .
doctors have no clue how patients will react to medication .
some people react differently to a certain meditation than others .
there is no way a doctor will know how a person will react .
the fence is just painted on fence painter here it has all the signs .
i think we are seeing the end of his career right now .
he 's 3 years removed from the only truly dominant season he 's ever had .
he just passed 2000 total carries and his running style punishes his body something fierce .
not to say he will be out of the league but his rb1 days are long gone .
i 'll often still put them in between docking ports since it 's the only fool-proof way to make sure fuel crossfeed is n't enabled there .
historically you could n't turn off fuel crossfeed through docking ports while still in the vab .
it just seems like they would n't go to all this trouble if it was going to be legalized soon .
i suspect this is the medical industry protecting its profits .
i just followed your link and sorted by top '' .
i 'm very tempted to try a few different ones now .
if you 're still stuck without them 24:00 utc saturday i 'll do it for you .
try not to deposit level 1 pokemon they are quickly taken !
bill cosby was arguably one of the top celebrities of the 80s so a lot of pop culture from that era is now tarnished .
what i mourn the most is his stand-up stuff because that shit is classic and now you see a serial rapist .
well it was going to be either this or danger zone or that classic space https www.reddit.com/r/keycapdesigners/comments/3f7ocr/classic_space_lego_inspired_keyset_design keyset i 'm not sure if the nostalgia of classic space potentially using the actual abs blends lego used outweighs the use of gorton for the font on this or danger zone .
i might have to get 2 planck packs because of my weird-ass atomic layout .
noone can tell you what to play and what not other than your kda
i think i will add a low score counter as well d
why do n't anarchists accept people that enforce rules on them ?
i 've never heard of carbs having water in them '' .
the true reason that people harp about the importance of water is explained beautifully in this thread https www.reddit.com/r/keto/comments/1jopei/why_is_water_so_important_in_keto because while in ketosis you 've rid your muscles of glycogen which holds on to water .
without it your body stops retaining water the way it used to .
on keto you have to drink much more water than others to avoid dehydration especially in the summer when dehydration can be catastrophic .
some things you can do for her now is to help her start planning in case .
document any abuse she reports to you and especially any marks bruises etc .
you see in a diary and suggest she start documenting abuse as much as possible .
this will help makes the abuse less of a case of her said she said and more he did .
suggest she call public heath and learn what services are available to abused women in the area and make a plan in case she needs to get out she should have some money on hand a phone id list of services to call 2 nights clothes and a place to go .
stash this stuff somewhere he wo n't find it but she has access to .
there are some apps out there designed to help women in abusive situations she might want one like this one from aspire http www.salon.com/2013/11/21/this_incredibly_smart_domestic_violence_app_could_save_womens_lives for her phone .
let her know that you 're happy to take her to support groups if there is one for survivors of abuse in your area .
sometimes just changing the dialogue like this from one of being victimized to one of dealing with it is enough to get a woman 's brain around the idea that they are being victimized and they are powerful enough to stop it .
almost all abused women have been gaslighted or brainwashed to some degree and it takes some time to get their head around it .
realizing that they can do stuff without going for the all or nothing solution ie leaving can be very empowering .
also be aware that by being her ally you also might be putting yourself in danger if he sees you as a threat .
this and the 'imaginative friend ' review were the two best of the season for me .
i will always say yes '' to space themes and keysets featuring yellow .
are ou always talking about drinking ? hey you do you but in a lot of your post i see the word drink .
my bpd threatened suicide daily while also telling my friends and neighbors that i hit them all the time . ''
they are dangerous twisted people who mascaraed as victims .
if i ever had made good on my threats to call the police i am positive she would have told them i was abusing .
it does n't help we are moving to a victemhood culture but bpds feed off the energy of the energy and attention they get from being a victim '' and fully intend to weaponize it .
the real killer is that the works the best on people who just want to help the most .
i 'm sure your a great person who only wanted to prevent her from hurting herself in fact i bet your very sensitive and caring but then again that 's why she chose you .
your experience falls in line with the general bpd outlook and it sounds like her whole family is simply a danger to you .
please be safe and stay away from them i wish you the best
it was also very clean hockey that translates to safe '' to the dept of player safety .
given enough time and team preperation i 'd love to see what would happen with a full game of 3v3 a two way d man and a power forward paired up with a strong center ... on both sides ... that would be brilliant hockey .
strategies would change and the game would be faster paced as if it isnt fast enough .
scores would go up which among american audiences is probably one of the biggest factors holding it back .
it happens to me all the time while you can fly the little bird as reckless as possible and all is fine
you can find this out by calling the reseller and asking .
i like the idea of starting the record 's history with me .
why are you then saying no massacres were committed by him ?
this is an incredibly rude insult to anyone who has lost anyone in the protest crackdowns and ensuing mass killings massacres .
i have a xiaomi power bank and the usb jack became lose in 4 months .
they refused to replace it under warranty because i had lost the usb cable that came with it
ok i see people throw around that exact phrase a lot but as an old 40k fan i 've never seen what it came from .
and who 's to say they are n't just running from an empty galaxy in search of a new source of food ?
well if you want to go to a place to 'think ' and you 're not good in public places i would n't recommend any cafe .
your post has been removed please do not post short links .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/photocritique if you have any questions or concerns .
only if that was clear to the new staff and new players .
that they had 8 league games to be in 4th .
insane pressure but at least you would know you had a chance of being sacked within two months .
helped me multiple times getting buildings with fast response and very reliable.thanks again .
if it was my son and he was an adult he would likely be almost 7 feet tall hairy like his dad .
i 'd tell him i was going to miss him i hope he 'd been saving for laser hair removal .
i 'd still love him and want him to be happy .
assuming the radar works it 's better as a command-and-control outpost if you do n't have proper aew than an actual fighter .
in its above config i 'd only pick it over mig-23s and su-22s or f-4s and equivalent aircraft .
the two first are awesome but then something went really bad
and about the guidance here 's what i would do with them ... and of course that is just what i would do not that you should do that especially since it can be crappy but maybe it can give you some ideas
harvey dent something i thought about make him know that batman is bruce wayne could be a great shock value and make him force bruce wayne to embrace the darkness and showing disgust for his wayne persona .
basically trying to make him kill doing everything so batman is feared torturing people with a batman suit so he can tell about him to other so he can be his tool to help gotham and in the end batman who was conflicted about that refuse to do that and embrace his darkness and in the end two-face decides to becomes batman himself and cure the city himself but of course that transformation leads to a lot of inner conflicts
poison ivy the classic road would be to have her be like in that awful movie and be a ugly and shy scientist and i would n't be a fan of it would be too stupid but the birth of her powers needs to change her character
in fact something interesting in the arkham series is that sure she is a villain but she is n't someone who wants to kill everyone or anything .
she will kill people and take pleasure in it sometimes but she sees herself as a god and act like one never angry or anything she is just superior to everyone and does n't really care about the rest so i think that a interesting thing would be to have her beginning as a very arrogant full of herself and never afraid to use her sex-appeal .
and be a huge defender of the plants of course and ready to anything for that even kill but always leave some ambiguity is she doing that for the money and for the plants ?
then she gets her power through an accident and have her continue to do what she did except that it is ten times more dangerous but have her consider more herself like a god through the story not caring at all about themoney and just be a mother for her plants and killing everyone who gets on the way
if only we had a word to describe our enjoyment of your misfortune ...
well forgive me for my lack of knowledge but im new to the game .. if i begin ng what will i start with ?
currently i have 3 mil soul memory will they reset ?
or what will happen cuz im affraid i wont be able to coop with my friend
17 is very close to 20 so he is in fact dating within his age range..
most of the rest of mine are accidental ones when pressing the wrong f keys p actually wish i took more now
if you want songs to sing along to with your buds ca n't go wrong with afroman ''
if you want to go into outer space go with sphongle ''
of course we are n't paying for staff and turnstiles and things like that .
when was the last time you rented a flat and had to pay for tiling ?
i 'm sorry but c9 is the one true hope of the west .
realizing that they 're probably out there not giving a shit about what happened while i 'm still pissed off and in a bad mood because i 'm letting something that is no longer relevant affect my life .
you are 100 correct neither one of us should speculate about what anyone was saying or doing .
good thing is sainz seems ok given his thumb up and smile on his face .
found the exact opposite excel proved much faster simply because it would n't be dragged to a halt by adobe air .
ynab 's method is transformative and super powerful but the desktop program is soooo slow to use .
yes i 'm the guy that built a copy of ynab in excel with an untold amount of vba macros
i was n't sold on a fairly inexperienced senator with a lot of lofty promises but he at least balanced his ticket with diamond joe biden .
mccain i could have seen voting for until he got caribou barbie on board .
i can hit a c so hopefully i 've a chance !
if you ever walked past me i 'd spend days trying to figure out whether you 're a guy or a girl
one thing i really wish we could see is some form of asynchronous racing .
for instance have a 24 or even 12 hour window in which you have an hour from the time you create a character in the race league to compete regardless of your start time .
seems like it would make things a lot easier for people who have jobs or are in other timezones .
well i 'm not an expert by any means hence the links to the japanese dictionary but the main thing is that the first three mini characters in the box i 've highlighted in the first picture are identical to those in the second きてつ .
oda has a habit of doing these sorts of puns eg .
white horse/hakuba demon bamboo/oni take so although i have a horrible track record with theories that might jinx me i feel pretty good about this one enough to feel confident enough to start a thread for the first time .
he 's allowed time with his friends and if that 's a night out on a weekend then that 's what it is .
make time during the week or have one night of a weekend that he spends with you and the other he goes out with his friends .
talk to him it 's the only way to solve this .
i have driven my company car to miri which has been driven by many staffs .
how do trace when it shoot by their speed camera after many years .
the tiny toy chica is missing the beak because it was a character model for the full sized toy chica not a toy and the beak was removable to provide easy access to the facial recognition software .
the girl would probably get stuffed into toy chica so she 'd already know that the beak was detachable ...
the nightmare animatronics were actually the withered animatronics brought home so that the technician could design the toy animatronics based from them .
which is why nightmare bonnie 's bunny ears droop in the same manner .
the theory could be wrong but i believe it ...
stuck in an island surrounded by 1st world countries atm bhai .
not that i condone their activities but it is hard for us to differentiate when someone leaves vs has a bad connection to the servers .
data centers are n't exactly smite 's high point .
unless they rant then i always report a rage quit .
and also running old designs way past their intended service life due to the difficulty of getting permission to build new ones .
overseer horizon is the correct answer to the last one btw guys
dude belongs in a doom metal band for sure .
also when buying look outside of brisbane i am north of brisbane .
this might work in better than some brisbane prices at present .
dann scheint du einen sehr speziellen freundeskreis zu haben .
sorry ich habe keine lust serien/filme ausschließlich am laptop/tablet/computer anzuschauen .
i mean ... did you buy it when alabama was selling it ?
even if oculus cv1 comes with 1 constellation the headset itself has ir leds on the back too .
and on the vive you will have two lighthouses .
anyways vive tracking looks more solid to me regarding controllers tracking .
and captain marvel is like guardian of magic or something .
not an argument against you just knee jerk downvotes .
i want to believe in djohn but unfortunately it seems like the coach really does n't like rookies .
the guy 's so explosive that if he continues to make big plays on a minimal amount of touches arians wo n't have any other choice but to get him in the game .
he wo n't ever be the bellcow this season and he still has a lot going against him .
but its absolutely possible that he ends up scoring more points than chris or ellington in the second half of the season .
mine is that everything in the entire universe is an example of god trying to reach out .
to me the bible is describing what god did to reach out .
i have accepted that there could be no god .
i have just decided to accept him through faith .
because that is what the bible says to do .
in the end it comes down to your choice .
i would love to keep talking tomorow if you want to .
if not thank you so much for talking with me and i hope the best for you .
i played a bit some years ago but quit before i got to lvl 30 .
my bad it did n't load the first time .
what is you cd for your units and when did you use the specials ?
damn so stay in cell phone range is what you 're saying ?
i could use a determenistic random with a seed for random if i wanted security still validation could be processor intensive .
but also makes bots/other cheats possible like preview of next infinity of pieces
ebm is probably as close as you 'll get to defining it as it ties in both dark electro and techno as an amalgamated genre though it still has its variances .
not that i do n't mind future techno if it helps people find new music but 'future ' is definitely exhausting its place as a descriptor and ebm just helps people find similar root music in the same vein and sound as the current revival right now .
also op check out alesia aglory brodinski aazar nomak oliver lh4l and the rest of the filet mignon crew for more of that type of music .
but the government do n't control the price of eggs nor my wage .
well idk sweden has more experience on lan more the lineup of canada atm ..
it seems to still be an unanswered question there are many pyramids and they were n't all built the same way .
specifically if i merge into my branch make some changes then merge the same files into my branch why my changes do n't get undone .
when i was little and played pokemon i was never allowed to evolve them .
guess which kid on the street ended up with the level 60 charmander .
anything else you 'll please do so like past factions
the 2004 tax cuts proposed by the conservatives were actually more valuable than the gst cut in 2006 it was just too difficult to sell .
i think the same can be said this year .
the middle bracket tax cut is easier than income splitting to sell .
i 've never had to bribe someone got ta wonder about your business practices there..
i 'm a stud and i did n't even know it .
mets like so many others just getting fooled by the kershaw curve .
why should caesar get to stomp around like a giant while the rest of us try not to get smushed under his big feet ?
people totally like brutus just as much as they like caesar .
and when did it become okay for one person to be the boss of everybody huh ?
i stream at twitch.tv/lewpac22 fairly high level gameplay as ive got 20 years experience with the game .
times are sporadic atm tho as i have a newborn daughter
the longer one is alone the easier it is to hear the song of the earth . ''
the now deceased fish was not eating all others are still eating
i did n't see any long stringy poop on this fish but i did observe some on my other fish
the now deceased fish was not hiding in fact she was just hanging out about 6 inches below the top of the tank .
other fish seem ok some hide sometimes but nothing i felt as alarming
i feed my fish omega super color pellets http amzn.com/b009niew5y .
i would feed in the morning and the evening .
i just poured a bit in my palm and dropped in the tank .
so no discipline in how much i was feeding lesson learned .
the last time i fasted the fish was last weekend .
i was out of town for 2 days so they did not eat for 2 days .
i do n't have a planned fasting schedule for them .
i forget what the lfs guy said but he said it was not bloat and not contagious .
i do n't have any reason to distrust him as the clout i was prepared to buy was about 3x as expensive as the tetracycline but i guess he could have been wrong .
so one other note is that i had a crushed coral substrate and think i had too much of it and i was not able to fully clean it not to mention i was laxed in my water change schedule and water testing .
i 've reduced about half of it and its much easier to clean now .
i 've now set myself up with a home made siphon and fill kit that runs out my window to the outside hose .
the water in my area is hard and i have a water softener for house water so understood i wanted un-softened water to fill my aquarium .
anyway with this setup the water change and gravel vacuum is less of a hassle and give me less of an excuse to skip .
it could work either way if you ask me .
centering the leaf would result in a more traditional spear whereas keeping it as it is makes it look more like a glaive/halberd sort of design .
i also really like the use of color going on here .
apparently the ads on the backstop are from mlb since his sleeve blended is as he walked by .
i found the catholic church in general makes me doubt god .
taker once ate popcorn while he beat the shit out of maven for eliminating him in a rumble .
hiscoress are good for the longetivitiy of the game .
i had money on you winning popularity contests after getting lucic .
this is basically a stress test and intro to final release .
my parents are right in that range of finances where going out to dinner every night is feasible but we struggle to pay the bills .
if anyone in my family could cook consistently my brother 's the best cook/most likely to be awake at any given moment but his schedule is erratic we would save so much money but it just is n't a thought to them .
it 's worth noting that i 've lived the dorm chef '' life before when i was away at college briefly so i know i could do it for myself but i 'm not good at multitasking for big meals
i met michelle when i attended college at montana state university in bozeman .
i am very proud of my alma mater for taking her in and giving her a scholarship after how she was treated by the administration at byu .
i can tell you that she is a good example of one of the best and the brightest lost by the church .
it 's the same with worthless comments that end up being the most popular if something 's upvoted it tends to stay upvoted .
i 've seen bullshit comments get upvoted as soon as op defends his statements his bs responses get downvoted while his original comment continues to get upvotes .
it 's easier for a downvoted comment to get positive but an upvoted comment will almost never get negative votes .
your post has been automatically removed because you did not include one of the required title tags .
please read the faq http www.reddit.com/r/sex/wiki/index for more information .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/sex if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm waiting for the day my entire pc will be a soc .
holy crap i thought it was just temporary but it 's permanent !
so for any non-forum-goers the timers are now at 3 minutes 30 seconds instead of the previous 5 minutes .
so it 's 411.5 per day now instead of 288 ! ! ! !
i love that he scored against babcock 's team .
ahhhh the broken video monitors during zedd 's set !
good pics and i 'm sure i saw you taking some but did n't realize !
and i 'm sure i 'm not the only one but the lines my god the lines to get into any room and to go up/down the escalator .
re invent is simply too big now to be held at venetian anymore .
it needs to move where our safety is n't an issue .
i skipped on a lot of thursday afternoon sessions because i 'd see the lines and think yeah this just ai n't worth my time now .
persona 5 when it comes out if you like j-rpgs .
persona 3 fes and persona 4 golden are also good they should be in the playstation store .
sorry but i had to remove your recent post on r/dirtysnapchat because your title did not comply with our official guidelines .
you can check out the guidelines here http www.reddit.com/r/dirtysnapchat/comments/1sacqa/must_read_how_to_format_your_post .
this is the proper way to format a title age r4r description
here is a tl dr checklist of what should be in your header
use only m f t a and r for tagging gender .
use around the r4r tag so it looks like r4r .
for multiple ages or letter tags only use 's so it looks like 21/21 mf4r .
if you are posting about r/dirtysnapchat in general please use a meta tag at the beginning of the subject .
please visit the submission page http www.reddit.com/r/dirtysnapchat/submit ? sidebar title=age r4r title to resubmit your post .
if you get an error message asking you to wait you must wait until the timer expires before posting again .
if you 're still having issues with your post please feel free to message the moderators http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fdirtysnapchat .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dirtysnapchat if you have any questions or concerns .
unfortunately lego rock band is the most impossible export to get because the codes are all gone and the only way to get a code is to email warner brothers but even then i do n't know if they 'll accept the request it 's worth a shot though .
it might not but getting walked on is n't the option i would take .
i can stretch out a wire hanger place the loop over my outstretched index finger so that the end of the hook is now pointing up balance a dime on the hook and then spin the whole thing around in a circle .
and yes i had a lot of extra time at one point in my life .
you implied that it was illiterate i was replying to that point .
yes i would encourage against this type of post but there 's no need to be rude about it .
i 'd totally replace my ring as soon as i get rorg .
the puzzle ring is actually the only ring i 've gotten thus far to disenchant and use the power which is why i was .
i really appreciate the feedback and i 'm farming for the upgraded tal 's set as soon as i can get it .
i actually have the gloves and neck already but just the 4 pc bonus did n't add as much dps as the traveler/compass and sage 's set .
1 everything in star wars is better besides maybe precise slipspace jumps the covenant use and ai .
2 the one that has the better spaceships star wars wins .
3 the only thing useful to me is biotics .
which is kinda nifty but it ai n't winning wars alone .
thank you that was very interesting i was a fan of anxiety mess made me feel like a zombie
so if my league settings were like this even though it 's weekly the line up part says i can change everyday right .
is the valet on the hook for the car ?
or is the owner of the vehicle just out of luck .
that is disabled if you use apple music or icloud music library on the iphone no ?
i repainted the whole thing bottles and crate included ... the first picture is the finished product .
i stated i need someone to print custom logo for the base .
we also need to look at why there are so many encounters between endgamers and new players ... .
this could at least partly be fixed by changing the way the inventory works .
nakeds should only have a small inventory maybe even just the quick slots until they craft a backpack or something .
big items should take more than one slot in an inventory .
things like external walls and large furnaces should be built on the spot and not carried around .
this would make encounters with nakeds less a mystery for everybody .
right now every time i see a naked i have to assume that he can pull an ak out of his ass at the drop of a dime .
i do n't think i 've ever listened to him .
i 've played blown thru a trumpet before but i 'm sure my cheeks did n't puff out anywhere close to that .
unless this guy was dahmering up the neighbourhood it seems a little unjust.. prob just some old man that yelled kids to get off his lawn ...
i had a 1967 valiant that me and some friends turboed for the hell of it .
ran surprisingly well the whole time until i sold it .
my d currently consists of byfuglien weber carlson and wideman .
is it worth picking him up and dropping any of these guys .
i know wideman has played well but is second line now .
i installed finale notepad on my old family computer way back in the day when it was still free and wrote music with that .
after i got sick of its limitations i found out that unlike rosegarden r/lilypond is windows-compatible so i started typesetting music as a hobby .
eventually i found that tex was like lilypond for not music and played around with latex before using it for real as a student .
currently i mostly use xelatex under the direction of texshop .
unless the nazi presses charges but i doubt it would be a death sentence for him
my first thought was that he did n't have abs it used to be common to press the brakes on and off to try not to lock up or that the road was in bad condition .
you seem to have missed the hint in the first post google images .
i 'll also help you out by suggesting you consider what historical events figures etc .
crossed paths with austin during whatever time period you seek .
search for photographers who lived here back whenever it is you 're looking for .
in case there is confusion i 'm not sitting on some secret website of austin pictures .
it probably helps that i learned to do it before there was an internet .
here since you seem to need the help try this site http www.unitedwayaustin.org/timeline .
you can click the timeline to go to a particular time .
i think you 'll like 1954 but my favorite is the 1924 photo of the ut football stadium with the capital in the background .
since i 'm feeling particularly helpful check out this site http selvedgeyard.com/2014/02/28/the-epic-austin-music-history-chronicles-photography-words-of-scott-newton as well .
fyi there are plenty more where that came from .
guild wars 2 despite that they say no healing actually has hybrid healer classes .
but they only work well in pvp since that is where they balance around .
the upcoming druid elite spec allows you to be a archer healer if you choose to spec for it .
i didnt even understand what that was until now !
my school had it and i could n't understand why they kept them if they were banned .
for source it 's not top because source was n't optimized for amd back when gaben was a wee little lad
yeah i just asked my dog and she said the same thing .
loved the juice i got before and even if i do n't win i will be picking up some more .
pretty much my view as well on women and men .
i mean trim a little so i do n't get hair in my teeth .
crypto and server-side stuff is more or less excellent .
on my 3rd or 4th try i got 28k before i got bored and started throwing down pieces haphazardly and ended up at 34k .
mouseover or click to view the metric conversion for this comment http fiddle.jshell.net/convertstometric/xhk4y5h5/show/light ? 160 20feet 20 2048.8 20m 0a 160 feet 48.8 m
man why ca n't any of us lonely rejected stood up guys live near to each other ?
there are a bunch of us that could totally date and comfort one another but nooooo😢
i 've been playing guitar with a drummer friend of mine for the last 15 years or so .
our whole lives we 've just jammed '' and had fun with it .
we 've always dreamed of actually having a set and playing in front of people but we were always anxious about it and never actually thought we were good enough to do it .
about 10 months ago i separated from my wife and suddenly had significantly more free time to focus on music .
my drummer friend and i began practicing much more frequently .
at about the same time 2 other guys we knew peripherally mentioned they wanted to get something together .
at first i was even anxious about just playing with people i barely knew .
i have always been very shy about my music and opening up to other musicians .
i soon conquered that fear and eventually we all began practicing together 2 3 nights a week .
having some additional input into what we were already doing really caused things to evolve and improve significantly .
they brought new ideas that we expanded on and they took our ideas and expanded on them .
soon we had 8 original songs that i was extremely proud of .
before we just had some jams '' and riffs that we played together .
now we actually had a legitimate set with some bad ass songs that we were ready to show off .
at the same time these new guys both already had live experience and frequently mentioned that they could easily set up a show once we had something to play .
our bassist coordinated a house party at a mutual acquaintances house .
i have been somewhat anxious over the last few weeks leading up to this but knowing i had a well rehearsed locked in set to play really helped alleviate my fears .
not like i 've always been where i never know what to play if people are watching .
this time we actually had something specific to demonstrate that we were all proud of .
plus the party was somewhat advertised for people to come see our new band . ''
people knew it was our first time and were very supportive .
eventually the time came to play and we all took our positions .
i started to freak out a little bit as i could n't remember the opening riff to our first song a relatively simple song i had played a million times before .
oh god my worst fears were coming true '' i thought for a few seconds .
but i silently calmed myself down and worked out the riff on my own although everything was still a bit tense .
our singer then spoke to the audience for a few seconds introduced the first song followed by our drummer doing his usual 4 click tempo start ... ..
my mind suddenly became very clear as i drew on the experience and muscle memory of our dozens of practice sessions over the last few months .
our music is a very intense fast thrash metal so people started moshing almost immediately .
this was very inspiring to me and helped feed the excitement and intensity of my playing .
it also made me realize that most people were too busy slamming into each other and getting caught up in the music to focus on any of the details of exactly what we were playing .
in fact we all messed up a few parts here and there but no one noticed we never lost the energy and we recovered quickly every time .
in the end everyone had great things to say about us .
there were lots of high fives fist bumps hugs and congratulations all around .
people knew we had been working really hard and were happy to see that we were finally presenting a finished product .
my parents especially are extremely proud of me for finally doing this not only for the musical reasons but also because i 'm generally a very socially anxious person who rarely goes out and does anything with other people .
for me this has been a huge confidence booster both personally and musically .
i 'm extremely excited to keep working on it improving it and presenting an amazing product that everyone can be excited about .
so i work for the competitor and i guess it 's true that any pr is good pr whether it 's called murder or not people are talking about it .
there are multiple kroger 's with names krogay smelly kroger crackhead kroger pickup kroger etc
my question is since i rarely hear of any publix nicknames good or bad is this just a kroger thing or am i missing out ?
i 'm looking for some players who can teach me a thing or two about the game .
often i 've imagined comparing penis sizes with other guys .
almost every guy i wonder who 's is bigger .
so me and my friends found out that if you join a room then click on rooms then rejoin the one you 're on it will appear as if somebody new had joined the room and will allow communities to create fake numbers of people in the community .
not sure if this has already been noted i just felt like posting it .
i 'm wondering if this http www.amazon.com/non-slip-dancing-dance-ahmet-playstation-3/dp/b00cyt3r50/ref=sr_1_8 ? ie=utf8 qid=1444570373 sr=8-8 keywords=usb+dance+mat dance mat 's pcb would be suitable for the homemade pad that i 'm making in terms of input latency and as a first time solderer .
if anyone can recommend a cheaper alternative for this purpose that would also be greatly appreciated .
really sorry to everyone who 's submitted something i 'll give it another week to make a new one if people want to then i 'll pick the best one then ?
link to the old thread if you want to browse the submissions some of which are n't actually cancerous https www.reddit.com/r/halocirclejerk/comments/3mgd5h/banner_competition
it seems that if wollay is active again they might start selling the game again letting my friends buy it to play with me finally .
chapter 20 this room is too tidy http archiveofourown.org/works/4062907/chapters/11432035 is now up for consumption on ao3 .
but in the mid of 2014 i started playing serious .
i would like to check my competative stats for timeframes .
is there a website which is able to do that ?
for the last 3 months or so i have spent all of my free time writing and printing out a specific sequence of numbers .
i feel as though there is a pattern that i have noticed but i just ca n't put my finger on it .
i have jotted down a number of reoccurances but nothing in any way concrete .
i 've noticed patterns like this ever since i was a kid .
sometimes now for example i can just feel it .
i 've had this feeling a couple of times before and it resulted in me finding the bernoulli numbers as well as a lot of other insignificant things .
when i notice a pattern i feel like i have to find what it is but i 've never been stuck on the same thing for this long .
the problem is that i 'm spending so much time doing this and i have no idea whether or not i am going crazy .
i wake up at night and have an '' idea '' but it turns out to be the same thing that i 've tried 1000 tines before .
my therapist thinks i have autism but i 'm not so sure because the social aspects of autism do n't fit my character at all .
if i am onto something then i want to keep going until i find what it is but if not then i obviously want to stop .
with that being said i 'm not sure that i can .
i 'm honestly scared of what is happening to me .
i feel like i 'm going crazy but how am i supposed to know ?
if not then this could be a big discovery .
the same vibration that it does when your fingerprint reader gets a bad scan ?
trying to get listed in the wiki team page section but it does n't appear to be working .
is the team wiki page submission closed for now ?
does the first crowd singalong section sound like complete garbage and out of sync to anyone else ?
i just ordered my hhd bundle and while i love the plates that come with the device i only wish for a completely white 3ds .
this is a trend i 've had since my first dslite where all of my handhelds including psp/vita have been all white .
i think it 's a nice contrast from my usual black attire .
does anyone know where i can order plain white plates or will i have to import a n3ds 120 on ebay just to get it ?
wondering what specs i should look into would like a 15 '' but larger is okay especially if i can fit my 1tb steam collection in it without a portable hdd .
i 'm thinking that my ideal specs would be 16gb ram 4k monitor for longevity 4gb graphics .
mostly for gaming possibly movies if there 's 4k .
would like it to be future proof for 60 fps on games like fallout 4 or other aaa titles that are resource heavy .
we live in a relatively small house so it 'll be moved around a fair bit .
typically from our living room to bedroom though so ultra portability is n't necessary .
brand preferences and reasons already owned accessories familiarity business compatibility
no preferences just whatever will provide me with the most longevity .
build quality vs low price build quality we own dogs so drop protection would be great if possible but i 'm not sure about that on laptops
high resolution low heat but i 'm okay without the latter i 'll mostly be gaming directly on the laptop though so it would be cool if i did n't have to worry about heating up my lap .
will have the cash next year just got my first job recently .
want to do a lot of research for my laptop .
it 'll have to last for like five years .
i 'd like to see who you thought did best in each group and overall results will be published in a few days .
the survey https docs.google.com/forms/d/1fpp_a-xn5alh4opk1yomyc8lubozpkklpzfl2trqekk/viewform ? usp=send_form will ask you about each group individually it should n't take long though !
so i know that it is generally 2 weeks to baseline but what would happen if i did n't wait that long ?
would i just be wasting acid at that point ?
so i started my first xcom long war campaign the other day .
so far it had gone pretty well in my opinion .
but then a cargo ufo landed in canada it was the first one so when i decided to raid it i thought it would be a scout or something .
upon the skyranger landing i realized what it was .
me being my arrogant self i thought i could clear it with casualties .
after a while of slaughtering the alien crew probably over 20 of them consisting of sectoids thin men floaters and seekers 2 of my soldiers were separated from the other 4 so i took a shortcut through a room that just so happened to be the outsider room .
upon opening the door i see 7 outsiders and 3 sectoids .
it was at that point i decided to take a break from xcom and ponder my life choices .
why did west get the carries instead of davis ?
i thought davis has always been a solid backup .
or was it just a few carries and he should still be the backup ?
thought i would drop off an article i wrote for somewhere else but plans fell through .
it isnt well formatted and some stuff is maybe a bit out of date but definitely still applicable .
some familiarity with magic or any tcg game will prob help but it should hold relevance without that as well .
even in heavily favored matchups you will get bad draws and they will have sideboard answers .
in magic there are very few flashy plays that just win you a game instead you keep making the solid plays that increase your win percentage by small amounts each time .
the best players in competitive environments rarely play the flashy decks they play the most consistent ones where they have the most chances to add these small incremental advantages up .
adapting to this mindset allows self critique and helps eliminate any tilt due to rearranging the typical assumptions and expectations aligned with solo que .
just remember the difference between a gold and diamond player is often 5 win rate those small things that help you lose 1-2 less and win 1-2 more are really big in climbing over time .
in magic it is often getting that one or 2 extra wins that is the difference between top 64 and top 8 .
small incremental advantages and fundamentals are much more reliable than the big plays
while big flashy plays are most easily noticable it is the small incremental advantages and consitently making the best decisions add up to big plays and are a much more consistent advantage engine .
in magic this is card advantage tempo and board state in league this is health/mana advantage cs pressure and vision .
taking 55/45 all ins can snowball you but taking trades that leave you up in mana or health leave you with cs or exp advantages and repeating this leave you with more 90/10 or greater all in oppurtunities later or give you the ability to zone and almost completely negate your risk .
nothing is more frustrating that throwing away a small lead due to miscalculation or a small mistake but if you have slowly built a larger lead it makes it much harder to misplay those situations and even if you do still be ahead or even .
my favorite lol example of this is flame 's top lane play it is rarely flashy early and is mostly about incremental advantage early and then all of a sudden you notice he is up 25 cs a level and he is so far ahead that he ca n't be contested which further compounds into him carrying the game .
that is not to say play passive if your fundamental and matchup knowledge is up to par lane kills will start coming in almost completely risk free as you are better able to recognize opponents mistakes and understand your limits better .
it is better to pilot a tier 2 deck that you are familiar with than the best deck you are not playtesting and sideboarding .
this is such an evident crossover in league with one trick ponies .
these players are so practiced and confident in their picks that they often have good win percentages against currently stronger counter picks .
a player will almost always perform better when he has extensive experience and has played his matchups many times than he will picking the current fotm that he lacks experience with .
in terms of magic the bread acronym for drafting bombs removal evasion aggro dregs fits as i would much rather have a bomb someone who mains a champ than removal someone just counterpicking .
there is another factor in this as well the fotm meta picks will be commonly seen as well for your opponent and they will generally have better than average matchup knowledge and experience against that fotm pick .
in magic playing the strongest decks will mean there are both specific answers in the main deck but there are also probably at least a few sideboard slots dedicated to hate out that deck as well .
the analogy in league is that your opponent has been playing against or as that pick a lot so if you are not practiced probably has better matchup knowledge knows the spikes better and possibly has some tricks up their sleeve that you may not be ready for .
picking flavor of the month is fine as long as you get competent with it first and this is done through practice .
in practicing though playing into your good matchups is mediocre in terms of results by itself important to an extent but playing into your counters is perhaps moreso .
doing both allows you to both play to the champions strength and around their weaknesses which will help provide more consistent positive results .
it will also give you more experience most likely playing from behind as that champion which is often more relevant practice since builds decision making and play are so much more forgiving in a dominant position .
also this period of playtesting should not be about winning although its fine to win it should be about learning and pushing those limits so you know them when it does matter in terms of winning .
do n't be afraid to go ham and push those boundaries or try different builds while doing this .
playing from behind in matchups and games is very important to do correctly to maximize those win rate gains .
the most infuriating general advice i see regurgitated blindly is if behind to just farm out safely .
while this is often good advice for a portion of a comeback this alone will generally just lose you a game more slowly as you concede more and more advantages and is more relevant if you are just slightly behind .
i very often see this top lane someone will go 0-3 to start and be down cs and they just tower hug and farm out for the next 10 minutes and in that time lose tower and often the other top laner has roamed and gotten other advantages for his team whether kills dragons or stolen jungle .
it is important in these situations to visualize your possible victory paths .
the important thing to realize though is that depending on how far you or your team are behind these involve risk and the more behind the more risk .
it drives me insane how some proffessional teams get behind and then play not to lose while the best strategic teams will recognize their outs and play to win with those even if the risk fails they end up losing earlier or in more explosive fashion .
this also translates when you are in the lead as well as playing not to lose can often allow your opponents to climb back to parity pressing advantages is key in turning leads into wins .
you saw this often in the critique of the season 4 meta of people saying it was often about the worst player losing instead of the best player carrying instead of people realizing they were n't closing out games properly .
link to the famous article by mike flores back when he was writing really good articles .
while the article covers many things the analogy i draw for league is in matchups and teamcomps .
it is very important to have an idea of matchups and how they should play out and the spikes in terms of whether the onus and advantage is on your side to press or if you should be looking to avoid them snowballing an advantage or spike .
it is also super important to realize that matchups and relative strength is fluid .
a big level up for me with this was spamming karthus top and my original assumption early was to farm out and outscale most matchups which as a generalization is alright but once i started looking to punish mistakes and always trade back with him i realized that at certain points i could also become the beatdown vs normally much stronger laning champions and thus leading to games where i absolutely dominated from pre 10 minutes instead of hoping to outscale at 30 .
this goes together well with playing towards your outs and maximizing advantages .
so important it deserves its own section as well .
link to a phenomenal pvvdr article on the matter and ill cover the analogies from his bullets as he covers the magic side far better than i could ever hope to worth a read with 0 magic knowledge as well .
in league this can be learning the new top tier champs a new interesting champ a new role a new build or how to play against a certain champ .
if you are playing normals customs or bots by all means play more relaxed if you want and have fun have fun in ranked to though but also look to get some information and experience out of it .
in playtesting do n't be afraid to try new champs unmeta picks hopefully at least partially theorycrafted or new non traditional builds .
do try to have solid reasoning behind trying them but this is how new picks and builds are discovered just this season you saw that with lulu mid and top and alistar top out of nowhere that became dominant on their big patches .
look to try your new picks or builds against the most common meta picks and its potential counter picks as these are the situations it needs to compete in outside of being a situational pocket counter pick .
do n't get to attached to an idea or theory unless you are willing to sink an inordinate amount of time compared to payoff for personal reasons .
if you do dismiss it though make a mental note of why it was dismissed so that it can be something to check back on with a meta shift or patch .
for me i translate this as to that aggro potential matchup .
for top lane this is something like renekton riven darius that you have to be able to deal with in some fashion or are risking just getting snowballed insanely hard from lvl 1 into very unpleasent games .
take and give critique and not only if you think it is more valid .
also dont get overly defensive about critique and keep an open mind to it .
being set in a path will just hinder your growth in the short and long run .
while not always the strongest deck you will improve faster and enjoy the game more if you play champions that you like rather than just the strongest champions or best matchups .
very important in league as playtesting is often done in normals which dont always provide the most even of skill bases or effort .
try to look at the reason things did or didnt work and whether that is something that would change if the pairing was more equal rather than the raw results .
very much hand in hand with the previous bullet its about putting a theory to practice and trying to understand if it was a good theory or seeing if it was a champion you would enjoy picking up .
if you believe you are executing or practicing correctly have the confidence to ignore a small sample size of results but have the humility to not ignore it as it gets larger .
loss streaks can happen even with above your norm for personal play or while even actively improving it is just the nature of a matchmaking system and game with variance in results .
you can easily have 2 sets of games a 9-1 set and a 1-9 set and have been playing better in the second .
both sets have things to learn and improve on but there may or may not be some underlying problem developing in either set it is important to look at performance regardless of result .
however if poor results continue even if you believe you are doing well it may be time to take a more objective look and see if some problem or pattern has emerged that you overlooked .
play and think like a pro not like the bitter grinder
in league if you watch the truly great players like faker when they stream he almost always tries hard and enjoys games win or lose .
this is due to having made it as where you see many borderline lcs players or high mmr that feel like they 've almost made it and blame bad draws or breaks as why they arent making it .
one of these attitudes will help you improve and have fun while playing a game the other will drive you insane and make the game more of an obsession than an enjoyment .
do n't be arrogant in victory or bitter in defeat just focus on enjoying and improving and i promise you league will be more enjoyable .
i tried it yesterday for the for the first time .
i am hooked the gameplay is refreshing from the standard run n gun multiplayer of this age .
stealth is a legit tactic and also requires skill to pull off .
my favourite thing to do is to sneak up on an enemy choke him ou t then fulton him away into the clouds .
another awesome touch is being able to choose your soundtrack .
mg1 sountrack with cloaks and daggers is a perfect match .
3. if you hit the wrong brick you will get ghosts
4. and will die for trying to find the password the wrong way
currently there is a player who waits at catherby to attack people smuggling items from low to high .
now this is all fair play he is fine doing that but what annoys me is if you get anywhere close to the bank he closes his client and is instantly logged out regardless of the fact he was in combat with you seeing as normally you have a 5 second animation this surely should n't be allowed ?
i 've recently subscribed to marvel unlimited and i 've seen quite a few posts regarding where to start .
i just wanted to make sure i was on the right track ?
i have a few questions though.any advice is helpful .
at the moment i 've been reading planet hulk but it starts with him getting sent into space by the illuminati but i was n't clear on the events that lead to that happening and if i needed to read them as well ?
is starting with the avenger vs. x-men the place place for someone new to start ?
i read though thanos infinity gauntlet a while back and really enjoyed it but i could n't figure out how he got his hands on the stones .
what are some other series i should start reading ?
señores del país la próxima vez sean más sutiles se les ve mucho el plumero . '
i need both the arc and solar adds up .
this would be the mineral block/storage form of nether quartz .
you just place 9 of them into a crafting table .
then you can use it to build or craft it back into nether quartz .
alright so at gmt+9:30 5pm today my installation for tera online finished only to be greeted by a network connectivity error .
it said if i was online to check out the support page for this error to verify if the servers were up they are and to restart the launcher yep and to run it as admin uh huh .
not one of these actually solved the problem so i turned to tera 's sub r/teraonline .
i posted my issue there and after getting a useless response the post was erased nevermind the fact that i know now that the post has been submitted like 12 different times in the past two years but i digress .
it was one of these lasting posts that said a vpn solved this issue for a lot of people .
i tried to install the vpn they reccomended only to be met with a message saying spotflux needs an active internet connection ''
upon installing i found out that there were a myriad of script errors and from the steam ui it pushed itself to close and so i went to the dn website to download which also said it couldnt establish a connection .
i really dont know what 's wrong and it 's killing me .
it just sounds like obvious functionality and would be kind of useful too and other than this joke video by google http youtube.com/watch ? v=uilsiqydf4y i have n't seen anything like it yet .
thanks for the cool contributions up to now everybody !
i am not sure if i will be able to take pictures while i am in there but will update the post when i visit in a week and half .
the amg factory is 20-30 minutes away from sindelfingern where the main mercedes factory/museum is .
the interesting thing about the amg tour is that it is a 1:1 tour that you can only take if you own an amg .
er skandaler fra vore nære naboer noget som ikke kommer os ved .
skal mods slette indlæg vedrørende skandaler fra andre lande som måske kunne gentage sig her til lands ?
jeg spørger fordi et indlæg omhandlende de mange sager om grooming i england lige er blevet fjernet .
der er mange eksempler på små byer hvor flere hundrede piger er blevet misbrugt nogen steder op til 1500 .
der er visse mønstre i disse sager prøv at søg på rotherham scandal .
kan i tåle at tale om ubehagelige ting eller skal vi sige at det ikke kommer os ved og ingen relevans har for danmark ?
even though i do n't share consoles to other people but i strongly dislike how more and more games are ditching the ability to have multiple save profiles .
i ca n't properly start a new game fresh without deleting important process that took hours .
so annoying when prior mgs games and platinum games had that as an option .
can someone explain why a developer would do this ?
i would like to test the source engine 2 on my pc .
most people say that dota 2 already uses it but i do n't know i ca n't see any diferences .
so is there any game that already uses the new engine ?
hi guys i 'm a decent player who got the game on steam about a month ago .
yesterday afternoon when i was attempting to open the game there was this 'preparing to launch geometry dash ' as usual .
i was also 'ingame geometry dash ' for about 2 seconds .
i already deleted appchache refreshed steam files and checked local files .
i 've officially decided to adapt to the everyman 3 sleep schedule on 10/11/15 .
i 'm sick and tired of sleeping 7 hours a day .
i 'll start off by following the adaption plan outlined on http www.fitjerk.com/polyphasic-sleep .
starting off is cutting sleep time to 5 hours a day for the first three days .
hello yes the mods are being now replaced with shadow moderators ?
i have a position curve baked in massfx so it 's one key for each frame .
what i need is to add some kind of noise to position curves to make the final motion resemble the baked one but to have a little jitter in it
i killed 2 boss monsters called world-gorger shukarhazh in daemonheim .
after killing a black demon it dropped a dragon helm .
was just going over my graphs and position stats when i noticed a relatively sharp decline in my red line .
i think this was roughly when i started playing on zoom 2nl .
just curious as to whether this is 1. something that can be fixed and how ? or 2 .
here are some positional statistics http i.imgur.com/wodgffd.png ? 1 and blind http i.imgur.com/yknphir.png vs non-blind http i.imgur.com/jqx2x1j.png giraffes that might help .
also if there 's anything negative that jumps out at you about anything i 've shown i 'd appreciate if you would tell me
it 's now 5am of the next day and i 'm wide awake even though i only slept five hours last night and five the night before .
today i combined drugs without planning to do so in a way i have n't ever before .
warning the beginning of this is a little gross .
the first thing i did after breakfast this morning was eat an eighth-ounce of mushrooms .
normally i 'm pretty good at choking those fuckers down but something today pulled me out of that groove before i could finish .
i was sitting on the steps of my local park with my buddy james who at the same time had just dropped some of my acid this being his first time .
as i 'm finishing up my bag of mushies i suddenly gagged so badly i threw up in my mouth .
not thinking i spit out what was there on the pavement next to me .
i looked at this pile for a moment and it dawned on me i had vomited all the mushrooms i just had eaten !
after thinking for several minutes i did something i never thought i 'd do and i began scooping up my own vomit to be fair it was more of a saliva mixture as it had n't gone all the way to my stomach yet and re-eating my mushrooms gagging the whole way and chasing each nasty bite with water .
my other two friends jill and corinne showed up a few moments later after i had scraped up all i could and needless to say were fairly disgusted with my endeavor .
we traversed the park for another hour or so while i waited to come up .
we ended up back at my friend corinne 's house a bit later and james is now most definitely tripping his head off and loving every second of it .
we drop jill off at her work and decide to head to a local lake to sit on the rocks and watch the water too cold to swim .
corinne is sober and driving james is in his own little world and i 've yet to come up .
around this time i 'm still feeling weird but not tripping .
i pull out what i have left of my acid roughly 5 hits but the paper was n't divided so it was hard to measure and split it in half placing the smaller half on my tongue .
the lake was very nice i had mild visuals colors looked very nice but still not tripping balls as i had planned .
our friend savannah invites us over to hang out and get our birthday presents as corinne 's birthday is the day after mine .
shortly after we arrive i begin feeling even weirder quite lightheaded but i just was n't entirely in the zone i wanted to be in .
at this point i 've come to accept that i somehow fucked up with the mushrooms and would n't be feeling much from those .
once i realized i may not be headed for a heavy trip alcohol seemed to be a good idea .
i do n't drink often at all and usually four beers or so is enough to get me pretty drunk if i drink them quickly enough .
i had a twelve pack of magic hat mixed beers and drank half a harder '' 8 alcohol lemonade prior to the beers .
one-and-a-half beers in i feel as though i 've drunk several already .
my body is buzzing and i feel like walking in circles around the house .
but i do n't feel exactly drunk and i do n't feel like i 'm tripping either .
i kept repeating that phrase to everyone in the room because it was confusing to me that i was n't really tripping even having taken a fairly heavy dosage of two substances .
although i did trip on the acid just two days ago and mushrooms three days ago so i know tolerance could have played a part .
i slip the other piece of paper on my tongue now having taken roughly 4-5 hits again hard to measure .
my second piece has dissolved and i 'm feeling quite content .
we 're just watching movies and relaxing i 'm hitting my vape and finally not worrying so much about whether or not i 'll trip even though i still was confused as to why i had n't .
my pupils were dilated but not nearly as much as james ' who at this point is drawing on the floor and as reported later was starting to slip back to reality .
jill is out of work so we head to pick her up grabbing something at my house and struggling to talk to my mother properly but doing pretty well .
i 'm now drinking my third beer and feeling absolutely lovely .
still not tripping at least not feeling like i normally would whilst doing so but i just feel out of normal reality very happy where i am snuggling against jill and watching a movie .
corinne having slept as little as i did the previous nights obtained a 30mg adderall from jill 's mother which she split into four pieces taking one .
jill is going to take a piece of acid i set aside for her and corinne wants to stay awake to drive her wherever she likes .
i 'm also feeling quite drowsy so i first took two of the three remaining pieces .
soon comes the fourth beer then food dominos arrives when i 'm on my fifth .
i realize no one is taking the fourth piece of adderall around this time so i go for it .
i 'm starting to realize that i feel absolutely stupid .
i do n't feel any of the adderall-related shivers or ridiculous energy when i take it i get very talkative and struggle not to bounce off the walls .
nor do i feel drunk or like i 'm tripping .
i just feel really fucking strange pleasant and content all at once .
i am nearly asleep on the couch leaning up on jill .
later she 'd say that she was feeling a little claustrophobic in savannah 's apartment which was okay because we left shortly afterwards .
the clock strikes midnight and we all say happy birthday to corinne .
i 'm facing the wall as i 'm saying it because i feel like i 'm about to pass the fuck out .
i feel tingly and warm and ready to catch up on sleep finally .
rob savannah 's boyfriend comes home and smokes a bowl with savannah and james i wanted to partake but quit ten weeks ago .
shortly after we all decide to get out of there and bring jill somewhere peaceful outside .
i felt like i could have passed out easily but something would n't let me sleep .
we decide to stargaze down by the beach up by one of the holes on a golf course that overlooks a bay .
a cop pulls up as we 're hiking up the hill to the course asks what we 're doing .
we respond with honesty and he goes on his way and let 's us continue got ta love small towns .
as we 're laying under the scars cuddling as a unit corinne sober jill somewhat-tripping and james coming down i suddenly awoke .
i started getting the beginnings of shivers that i commonly associate with adderall .
soon enough we 're headed to another spot at the ocean where we can listen to the water .
it 's too cold here but we spend a little time sitting in the car being silent .
jill keeps repeating that she does n't know how she 's feeling i do n't think i gave her quite enough acid or maybe it just did n't go right with her this time for some unknown reason .
james is under blankets not asleep but just resting .
he says he needs to get home soon and corinne is about ready to sleep as well .
i 'm still feeling fricking awesome and have pretty much forgotten the idea of a straight trip in the first place .
i researched the mixture of drugs i took and supposedly adderall takes away some visual effects of lsd and alcohol can dampen them as well .
no matter i feel like i 've never felt before .
jill corinne and i make it back to corinne 's where we 're all sleeping for the night .
i go downstairs and her brother and his friends tell me that my pupils are fucking enormous .
i look in the mirror and sure enough they 're massive even in the bright light .
i know i should be tripping but i 'm feeling the adderall and the sloppiness of the drinking more than anything else .
i talk everyone 's ears off for a long time and eventually they want to go to sleep finally .
i lost all tiredness hours before and now i have no idea how i feel .
everyone is going to sleep but jill who 's slowly getting tired .
all i want to do is stand up and walk and talk but it 's too cold outside and no one is going to make it beyond this time .
now i 've spent almost an hour writing this to occupy myself with no one to talk to out loud .
i apologize if this is light on psychedelic-specific subject matter .
i just thought it may be interesting to share my experiences for those who might wonder about such combinations .
if anyone else has tried this combo or a variation i 'd love to hear your perspective .
i 'm playing online have n't seen a single summon sign apart from a npc for one of the heide area boss 's not the one after the drawbridge
would like a summon here too to help with the heide knights which are a massive pain and the dragon too before the boss
i was half expecting one by the persuer fog gate since he gives alot of souls and would have saved me many deaths too haha
does anyone else start building a world for a few days and then give up because it 's not perfect or super fleshed out ?
like i find myself put off by the idea of making maps because it does n't follow realistic guidelines of how mountains form rivers flow or different areas have different climates due to the surrounding geographical features .
i find myself put off by writing timelines because i feel like i 'm just throwing events onto there and i want to start something from the very beginning and let it progress from there ie .
the progression of society in humans etc because i think that would be more natural .
basically i just feel like i 'm so put off by making the world realistic and perfectly fitting together .
how do i get over this and just let my creativeness flowww ?
i really want to get to writing stories and i have done so for worlds that i 've thrown aside .
it patches the coin bonus from all shops above a certain threshold to a gem bonus .
i think that is a great fair hack because one have to work for the gems .
you have to get the shops you must have ponies with a corresponding level a.s.o .
one can also adjust the threshold and the divider to fit the own wishes .
this hack should increase the gameplay and work together with the gameplay .
for testing i set it to above 1 coin '' and 20 coins 1gem '' .
i just noticed the taunts and compliments for the female 1 voice reappearing from sr3 now sound a lot different .
she now sounds as if she is putting less emotion into it .
it 's been a while since i played sr3 so i could be just imagining it but i 'm positive she sounds different .
i 'm almost re-installing sr3 just to test it .
horses donkeys mules cows sheep chickens and my 3 dogs turned into sad piles of mobdrops ... did munstercull do a serverwide mob kill ?
edit when i entered the chunks where i found the droppings the tps was 19.91
how can zeus get a power update/rework when we still have gods like ravana who are in a terrible state ?
i mean his 1 has a really small cone and his ulti is practically useless with such a long cooldown .
i hope he gets re-worked like nox did cuz at this point he is one of the least played gods which is sad cuz he is a prominent character in the hindu pantheon .
so im going to germany for vacation and im going to spend a week in berlin where should i go ?
i got my ass kicked as byzantium from dutch freedom figthers .
why are they figthing for independence in croatia sieging my provinces ? .
yesterday muscovy sent 25k troops to constantinople while the austrians besieged every russian province .
im getting my ccw and my first pistol here in pa .
so i dont have to take a class to get it .
although i will take a private lesson from a local leo .
but just wondering if any of you ccw ever had to use your firearm or came close .
but at 22 being married and having a step daughter and being 5 foot 6 and 120 to 130 depending on the day ... i feel as if the bg will think im easy prey..
kindly subscribe to my youtube channel which focuses on ps4 and pc gaming
i 'm a huge fan of the thing 1982 by john carpenter and consider it to be his best work .
it 's not just scary but technically speaking it has so much to appreciate .
there 's the awesome practical effects the amazing acting and not to mention the excellent cryptic plot which really deserves multiple viewings to really understand everything that happens .
it 's one of those movies that gets better on a second viewing because you know what to look for .
when it comes to the 2011 prequel/remake i have some very different opinions .
how or why was the alien trapped in the ice for thousands years when its ship is clearly operational and has no trouble breaking free from thousands of years worth of ice buildup ?
when the ship first crashed more like landed it would have had no trouble lifting off and escaping and it 's not like it did n't know it would freeze because i 'm sure if it can master intergalactic travel it understands temperature variations .
not to mention that it only made it a few dozen feet from its ship so it 's not like it got lost .
it would have needed to literally choose to sit there and freeze for no good reason .
if you 're wondering why i referred to the 2011 prequel as a remake ...
it 's because the prequel is basically the exact same movie shot for shot and even contains characters that are carbon copies of characters from the 1982 version .
it 's like the writers got into a room to decide what events took place at the norwegian camp before the 1982 film took place and for some reason they could n't come up with anything really unique so they just decided to say the exact same things happened at the norwegian camp the exact same way because who cares .
it also implies that the alien did n't learn any lessons from its first experience with humans and then recreated all the same mistakes the second time around .
not to mention it actually breaks some continuity regarding the alien 's abilities and limitations such as the wearing of metal items .
if there is one positive thing i can say about the 2011 version it 's that if we accept it as canon then it proves a theory regarding the alien 's motivations throughout the two films .
when a character is consumed and copied by the alien and then assumes the place of the character and behaves like him the character does realize that they are now an alien copy .
there has been a theory tossed around from time to time that when the alien copies you and you effectively become the thing '' you do n't realize it at first .
as if you were some kind of sleeper agent and totally unaware you 're working for the enemy until something triggers you .
the issues the alien has with metal objects proves that the characters who are copied by the thing actually know they are the alien and intentionally try to blend in .
teams of 6 people two armed per group will travel along the river north to the large forest .
these teams will stay for two days before pushing their lumber piles into the river and pole-ing it downstream to crown fort .
these teams will leave every two days for two months to build up the lumber reserves of the fort .
five catamarans have been commission and are expected to be completed in the coming month .
these ships will be used to take lumber to tree mount where from there it will travel to arkturia .
edit foaling programs have been initiated with what supply of horses were brought with the colony .
was just sorting out an issue and got myself unstuck here http stackoverflow.com/questions/29972439/exception-with-scalaz-optiont
this suggests that implicit dependencies propagate upwards failing at the first in a nested sequence
in this example the error comes back that no evidence for functor future is available but in fact an implicit is in scope .
the problem is that the functor future depends on an implicit executioncontext but the failure bubbles up to the first dependency and since it is unable to construct the functor future definition in scope the error surfaces that there is no implicit functor future .
this is unfortunate and misleading behavior and means you can end up in a nightmare of guesswork if you are not watchful of implicit dependencies .
all that said this was a nice understanding to have clicked in place and figured if i was gon na write it out to solidify understanding might as well share in the process .
i do n't remember which groups play each other next week .
but if these 2 do n't meet each other it would be a missed opportunity for an entertaining game .
i would love to see pick ban from kkoma and deilor .
it 's hard enough staying alive in a speeder long enough for the slow as heck y-wings to show up but when you finally do get a hook on a walker you are far too easily shaken off .
either buff the damage people need to do to a speeder to shake it off or make it so you need to shoot down the speeder entirely .
on heroes that rely heavily on cleave like ember battlefury can be almost as effective if not more than daedalus because both increase damage by an average of 35 .
i was wondering if kunkka is one of those heroes that could just get one or more battlefuries before going daedalus later or if daedalus is a better choice in tidebringer has a larger radius than battlefury and daedalus will take a better advantage of this radius ?
link https docs.google.com/forms/d/1mookulkv_k_dse-yeiqgokow8ozcyuqy15cmrucvtos/viewform to the survey it 'll only take a minute 8 multiple choice questions and i would really appreciate it if you would complete it .
after 618 responses i closed the survey time to mull through all this data in time to present tomorrow .
thank you all for responding especially those who left comments !
i will be up all night reading every one of them .
here https docs.google.com/forms/d/1mookulkv_k_dse-yeiqgokow8ozcyuqy15cmrucvtos/viewanalytics are the responses in case anyone is curious .
and you can bet that sandy terry and the entire team is mad .
ca n't change it as much as we 'd like to but let 's harness that anger .
let 's have it fuel us and the team to put these guys away in two games at citi field .
feel the fire and use it to support the team .
obligatory motivational sports movie speech that captures what i 'm feeling right now .
edit oh yeah and wilmer is about to go ham on the dodgers .
i downloaded teeboard and i 'm loving everything it has to offer but im trying to load music but spotify doesnt use apps anymore so i cant install the last.fm app .
tl dr grandfather takes care of mentally ill mother she 's going to an institution and no one will take him on because of past family issues and i ca n't what do i do ?
so my mother has paranoid schizophrenia and must be institutionalized for a while could be a few weeks could be a few months and my grandfather has been taking care of her .
he gets her groceries and makes sure she can function and not terrorize the neighbors and has done so for the past 10 years .
unfortunately my grandfather was a horrible person when he was young so none of his other children are willing to take him if my mother is institutionalized so long that she looses her apartment .
i guess i always thought family was family regardless of how terrible they were when they were young but maybe i 'm too nice .
i know it would be a pain to take him on and that my family hates him but it would only be until she gets out and if they did leave him homeless and he died then there would be no one to take care of my mom day to day when she got out .
he 's not perfect but he has n't been that awful person for a very long time and i feel my family has an obligation to make sure he 's not out in the street .
also i live in a dorm room so i ca n't take him otherwise i would just because i 'm grateful for what he did for my mom .
edit my grandfather was physically and verbally abusive when my parent 's were growing up but has n't been like that for over 20 years .
edit ok so here 's my thought process my grandfather has n't been a terrible person for over 20 years and he has helped my mom when no one else would so i do n't feel like offering him a room for a few months until my mother is out or until he 's applied for social security and can leave is that awful .
i get things are more complex then that but this was what i was thinking when i made this post .
it 's also the fact that my step mother is abusive to me but she takes care of my dad and does n't hurt my siblings so i 'd take care of her if she needed it because i feel obligated because she 's helped my family regardless of her hurting me .
it 's kind of a big picture kind of idea ?
edit thank you everyone for commenting i 've realized that i should n't want my family to take in someone who abused them regardless of the circumstance .
if loosing the apartment does come to pass i 'll help my grandfather apply for social security and help him find a shelter .
edit you know i think i may be from a fairly abusive family now that ya 'll have me thinking about it .
got ta say thanks again for helping me see i 'm more fucked up than i thought and that i need to fix it .
he makes home brew and wants to send a couple bottles to a friend in a different country on a different land mass .
hello im looking for a line group where i can farm the affinity bonuses .
i usually play venice which is how i win diplomatic but my friends have started to catch on to it .
and which do you think are the best right now ?
i live in new hampshire and the state passed a bill this summer banning the possession of certain synthetic drugs '' in the state .
below is a link to the bill which lists a bunch of banned chemical components .
i know zilch about chemistry so i was wondering i have used noopept and phenylpiracetam with great success in the past are these illegal now ?
i 'm wondering how enforceable this is and if other states are following with similar bills .
i love mxe but as it gets increasingly harder to find i need something else to get that feeling once in a while .
hi looking to get a bunch of people into a chat room for some dirty talk .
i want this to be pretty much anything goes aside from like blood and gore .
feel free to jump in with roleplay as well if you want .
all are welcome and no judgement feel free to try out your deepest kinks here http tinychat.com/bane42 i have tried these before and they have been a lot of fun so hopefully at least a few of us can get together and have a great time
and i have to say i 'm completely hooked .
oh my god few other series ' have ever grabbed me like this !
i have been binge watching every video and i just had to say that this is such a fantastic channel !
i 'm really looking forward to delving into sbb .
the teacher asked jimmy why is your cat at school today jimmy ? ''
jimmy replied crying because i heard my daddy tell my mommy 'i am going to eat that p*ssy once jimmy leaves for school today ! ' ''
because of this i always crutched with thorn sorry in year one .
has anyone found a good crutch weapon for year two ?
i only play pvp for daily but i do n't want to hold my team back .
is there a good weapon for a pvp bad that ca n't aim for crap ?
over the past month i 've been playing mostly karthus .
he 's the only champion i 've played for so long without getting bored of him .
in fact he 's the only champion i 've mastered because i tend to switch champions a lot .
with that being said i want to hone my skills with him and try to become even better with him .
i mainly build all damage when i play karthus mid .
not in order rylais archangels roa sorc boots zhonyas and then rabadons .
i 'm really successful with this build but whenever i lose a opportunity to get a killl with my ult i question it .
what i mean is should i build to get that 40 cdr ?
or is the overall damage just better than that .
two i question if i should use scaling cdr for my glyphs .
should i create a build that works with cdr runes to reduce losing as much damage for building cdr ?
even though my runes feel awkward i tend to still do well with them .
i go 21/0/9 and i know that 21/9/0 is viable too .
is there certain match ups where one is better than the other ?
what do you think and what do you use ?
i 'm currently gold 5 and i want to use karthus to climb even higher .
i 've done a lot of research but i can never find a good guide to explain everything i want to know .
links or twitch streams to anything about karthus would be highly appreciated .
thank you for reading my post and helping me out .
so i 've heard a lot of people complain that brawl was 'too floaty ' and that smash 4 also has the same problem .
but my question is why exactly is something being floaty considered bad in the smash community ?
i 'm currently trying to revive a few straights i got from france and some will require some good amount of work .
i might want to got with a 4k 8k 10k set of wet stones for a start but it seems really hard to find sellers able to cover my needs all in one .
i have to order via internet since there 's nothing where i live .
do you have any advices on where to find something close to a complete restoring set '' ?
for info i also got cheap blades that would help me to catch the honing technique i wo n't be refreshing my expensive ones yet too afraid to ruin it !
i 've been working to achieve the v sit for a while now .
flexibility-wise i can almost lay my palms flat on the ground while keeping my legs straight .
i hold this position for 30 seconds over 2 sets .
i just recently started working on the pancake stretch and the middle split .
which exercises and stretches will help me towards a 180 degrees v-sit ?
also does the straddle l sit has any carryover to a v sit ?
hi arma guys n gals i was wondering has anyone experienced issues when trying to load the nam map from the steam workshop onto a dedicated server ?
whenever we attempt to open a nam mission it loops back to the mission select screen and in the log it shows
20:44:57 warning message you can not play/edit this mission it is dependent on downloadable content that has been deleted.pandora
the nam files were copied across from my arma 3 directory which was downloaded from the workshop .
the only thing that i can think of when i installed ace i copied the files along with all the other mods into 1 big mod folder i then discovered ace didnt like that and needed its own directory to work right now i have nam in a extramaps folder maybe it doesnt like not being in its own folder but none of the other maps are like that .
as an addendum to that question i made the big mod folders because the launch parameter field for the shortcut on windows has a very small character limit .
i remember reading somewhere that you could set up like a batch file to run instead of the shortcut where you could have much longer parameter strings .
anyone know how i might go about implementing that ? nevermind it really was as easy as i thought it was was overthinking it .
hey i 've been messing around with mods on my kotor 2 playthrough and i 've got to korriban on the sith academy fighting sion and his lightsaber is blue im gon na assume something went wrong ?
comp the dbha riolu female 's ivs are hp sp.atk sp.def spd .
i want to be able to make a variety of different art on a variety of mediums digital art drawing maybe a bit of painting etc .
but i 'm not sure how or where to start .
how many more years until the aps and and beastmodes go extinct ?
what 's the future for the true bell cow back ?
how many years does he even have until that backfield starts seeing more splits in carries ?
we all witnessed how productive d'angelo williams was in that offense .
why could n't the steelers stumble upon another talented young back to compliment the offense additionally .
how will this league standard effect fantasy football moving forward ?
i am considering upgrading my macbook mainly for the purpose of storage increase to be honest .
anyway i am trying to do the recycling program through apples website and am not sure which model to chose from this list ... the do not include the year just specifications and it 's a bit confusing .
here is the list to chose from http reuserecycle.poweron.com ? step=4
i started playing kol back in 2005 when i was still in high school .
as time has gone on i occasionally open up the game again every year or two and play a run only hc never been a fan of casual .
i 've got a large cache of items saved up that i 'll never get around to using that are just going to waste and a terrarium full of old familiars like a dodecapede that i wish i could pass out ... .
thus this post i 'd like to find a very active current player preferably one with a small-to-medium-sized guild that i can pass items and such on to .
even if i do come back to the game at some point the fact that i run hc means that i 'll miss those items .
i know these topics are prone to drag in begz0rz so i 'd want to verify that your account has been around long enough and that you 're active on the game while i 'd love to help out a newbie i do n't want to pass the items off to someone who 's just going to quit in a month or two .
tl dr want to pass on items to active player and their mid-sized guild .
need to see your activity before i pass the items off .
after taking a look over things i 've decided to pass my stuff on to reddit united seems like the most fitting way to do this since i originally posted this on reddit .
i 'll be sending the items via knud since he 's been active even longer than i have .
fuck you summer and fuck the government and fuck me for letting my guard down which i will never do again . ''
can anyone make this or find it if it exists ?
before this latest update i noticed you can put inmates on permanent lockdown and solitary .
that 's what i did to my troublesome max and supermax inmates .
now i do n't have the option just lockdown/solitary for a certain time .
also i have 2 very big visitation rooms and yet the family need is always critical any way to help relieve that ?
trying to go vegan but it seems rather difficult to learn how to cook a large variety of dishes .
where are some good sources to learn how to cook nice vegan dishes
i understand this sub is hesitant and weary of leaks '' and information .
the community absolutely should be with how the past few months have gone .
i have sensitive information regarding a john nollan/jesse lacey collaboration potentially on the horizon .
the reason being i can not post proof or verification is that it will clearly give my identity away .
i do n't want to put myself in a position that jeopardizes any relationships or opportunities so unfortunately i can not provide photographic proof .
so take it with a grain if you will .
the collaboration is mainly older demos and covers performed together far from an official '' album or release .
as far as i know none of the material is new or created within the past few months or year .
the first time i had heard of it it was going to be released this fall .
it does n't seem to be that way anymore but i do n't have any information regarding possible release dates right now .
again i understand if you 're all hesitant or in disbelief you have the right to be .
but when or if it is released in however format songs or an ep you know where you heard it first .
nolan 's recent brand new lyric tweet seems to indicate it 's still on his mind but who knows .
hello reddit last month i was hit by a car from behind and suffered a broken clavical and acrimonion .
i have n't been traumatized per say but i do get pretty nervous on roads and i was also knocked out when it happened so most of it was a terrifying blur .
i have tripped a one time and it was amazing and almost a year later i 've came across some acid 100-150ug .
i was wondering if the acid could bring out any hidden fears or trauma and do n't want to be in a bad trip because of it .
i will be at my house with a close friend also tripping just us .
after killing a rune dragon it dropped a page from forcae 's journal .
i apologize in advance for the wall of text but i have made this as simple as i can .
also i am not positive that this is the right place for this as this project in question has a lot of it sort of stuff in the mix as well so if this is not the right place for this i would be super appreciative to be pointed in the direction of a more appropriate sub .
i am currently working on a project that will stream video live from an android phone to a node server and then on to a browser .
currently i have this working perfectly for one phone at a time i built gstreamer for android which i am using to encode vp8 video do the rtp payloading and then stream out over udp it works fine with tcp i have just been using tcp to my server .
after it hits the server the stream split it is sent to janus webrtc gateway https janus.conf.meetecho.com at which point it is immediately viewable in webrtc capable browsers and it is also sent to gstreamer to be de-payloaded muxed and saved as a webm file for later viewing .
as i said before this setup works beautifully but i need to have a port open for each client and two for when i add audio as the streams are typically handled separately in rtp .
worse there is no authentication whatsoever the only identifying information that i am getting when the stream hits node is the ip address of the client sending the video .
what i am looking for is some way to have authenticated access for multiple clients to upload a live video stream at the same time .
i have been looking into different rtsp servers but they seem more geared toward serving out live video streams to multiple clients rather than properly multiplexing streams from multiple clients .
i would also very much prefer to have this only happen over one port i do n't like the idea of having to open up every port under the sun in order to handle the video streams .
i really wanted to go but could n't because of bad timing and dwindling funds .
now picking up the full set of expansions can someone please give me an over view of what 's up ?
my fully upgraded exotic weapons from the original were doing 140 damage .
now i pick up some random rare drop that does more .
is there a new to the expansions '' walk through somewhere ?
now that the seasons are changing my skin is getting pretty dry .
not to the point of cracking with foundation on ... but by midday i can see dry patches on my face .
i do n't really know how to remedy it ... any recs ?
starting at war priest checkpoint looking for one more experienced player .
what products have been made to look so nice that they are difficult to use ?
i will say that if you like your spaghetti sauce spicy making a ragu with hot italian sausage works best for spag squah imo .
but i 've done that a lot lately and was just given two spag squashes that i must now figure out how i can convince the boys to eat so ... .
hey folks i was going through some old boxes and found this drawing i did in like 97 or 98 maybe .
me and a buddy used to ride around a hick small town blasting icp and doing rails of meth for days at a time .
we were maybe 17 or 18 at the time .
it was simultaneously the darkest time of my life and something i look back on with odd fondness .
i remember many nights hanging out at random tweakers ' houses or whatever with a fist full of pens and a notebook ... or whatever i could get a hold of .
many nights i would just tweak out drawing on a flyer from a pizza join with whatever bic was handy .
if anyone cares i can post more but here is the image in question .
i took a bunch of pics of it because i was trying to get it in focus .
the author of mission of gravity was an astronomer as well as a science fiction writer .
based on a discovery at the time he developed the world mesklin as a backdrop to his story .
to allow humans the ability to land on such a place he needed lower gravity at the equator about 3g .
this mechanism was from inertia from the rapid rotation of the planet he miscalculated later he developed a computer program that calculated the equatorial gravity 275g .
so the planet does what it does to assist the narrative but from a scientifically valid perspective .
how is the quality on those fruit of the loom hoodies ?
he reacted my pushing her hand away from his face .
i ended up going to bisou for birthday brunch bottomless mimosas and bloody marys were unreal .
as for bars i went to lucky 13 and molotov 's .
it was great thanks for your suggestions they really helped !
if my mom and step dad continue to help me until i get better i have a chance .
if they decide my pace is too slow or if i relapse on drugs really bad i 'll be homeless again very quickly .
who knows i can only work with the mental health professionals so wonderful to not be stuck with only free clinics they 're awful and take advantage of getting emotional support for the first time in my life .
i 've just noticed that because i 'm finally safe physically and mentally that the traumas i 've endured are coming out emotionally and it 's terrifying !
that bear reminded me of the commercial that i will never stopped loving https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=syrvzenuqa4
he literally grabs lasers out of the air with his hands in the finale .
college was harder than high school but not so hard to stop socializing .
living in the dorms 1000 miles from my parents made socializing so much easier and fun .
this is fucking painful but i love watching green out there huge pickup .
i managed to snipe some of the turrets and get inside .
as soon as you step inside it starts dancing and i could n't move it was either jetpack and banging around walls or standing with grav enabled and without abilty to rotate a bug perhaps .
i ended up running out and nuking it with 1.2m kg of iron .
however it becoming '' the jade rbbit is speculation until bungie comments on it
luckily i do n't think i need to take the risk this week but it 's not a bad play .
you might want to try out hfboards and pension plan puppets sb nation maple leafs hotstove for your news .
you are first asserting that social differences are not the reason why women earn less than men and that sexual dimorphism explains the discrepancy .
then when presented with data that there is varying gender gap differences between
countries you say that this is because of a social reason .
i agree that of course there are countries like saudi-arabia where women earn less because laws etc prohibit them from working and educating themselves .
but and i have tried to be clear about this in democratic and market-based economies like north america and western europe there are zero reasons to believe as is constantly implied by feminists that women earn less then men even when they perform the same job '' .
is your conclusion and your claim of a pattern something you reached yourself or the product of an academic study ?
it is not my theory it is called the gender equality paradox '' .
the paradox has been noted by several researchers of sex differences .
you should really see the excellent documentary brainwash the gender equality paradox https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=p5lrdw8xw70 on the subject partly in norwegian but there english subs .
here is a short article http www.mercatornet.com/articles/view/a_funny_thing_happened_on_the_way_to_gender_equality_in_norway about the doc .
well the cups have handles so it is not likely to be revolutionary war era .
plus no media pictures of bodies washing up on christmas island since labor changed the policy of rewarding clients of people smugglers with visas .
you say that like 3-point specialists designated hitters and field goal kickers do n't exist .
i do n't care how outclassed you may be physically but anyone that can consistently hit those shots will be on the field/court and you 'll be a fucking legend .
maybe not hof but your fans and teammates will fucking love you .
tell me i 'm seeing it wrong but does the cat have the collar stuck in its mouth ?
you can see when it flips a couple of seconds in .
let 's be honest we love simon very much but we would also love to see simon cowell play minecraft .
so i actually like this drink is there some sort of non-offensive way to order it ?
i agree a 3 hour test is fine but i was honestly insulted and felt uncomfortable using this online service they have where a literal person is sitting there watching you on your webcam the entire time and watching your computer screen .
if i misclicked off the browser even once it locked up and i had to ask permission from my spy watcher to let me continue with the test .
they could even control my mouse and did so on multiple occasions i worried about misuse by these proctors and was n't completely sure what they had access to files ?
it 's awkward it 's insulting it 's uncomfortable .
google does n't do this microsoft does n't do it amazon does n't do it .
i know those companies are n't gods who determine what is and is n't a good interviewing idea but they 're clearly doing something right when it comes to hiring developers .
yet this company feels the need to do it ?
the test was n't even related to programming abilities .
there were some programming problems but the rest was just weird it was like on this hypothetical language they made up then they had some weird personality test where none of the answers are any good .
and it 's all done on these really outdated websites with a million warnings like do not click the submit this form button twice do not back out do it in one sitting or the system will lose your progress '' type of shit from 10 years ago .
it 's not standard i 'm interviewing with many places better than this company right now and they do nothing like this .
a couple i can think of off the top of my head
i once saw an ad in the local paper for somebody selling a dreamcast i 'd wanted one for a while so i arrange to go over and take a look with a view to buying it .
a girl answers and she shows me the game system and the games that come with it and i ask if she can hook it up quick to just test it works fine .
she does that and turns a game on then asks if i want to play a game and test it.
anyway we end up playing games for a while then she straight up invites me upstairs saying she wants to show me something and just strips off and we have sex twice in a row .
after i pay her for the dreamcast and take it home .
the other situation was a knock at the door and there is some girl working for a charity she gives me some speech and all that and we get chatting .
she 's from a different place but travels around working for this charity door to door .
it 's really cold and i was living by the sea so the wind is harsh and i ask her inside to warm up offering a coffee because i felt bad for her being out in it .
somehow we stopped talking about her charity work and had sex on the sofa under a blanket .
eventually she said she had to get going and finish her round .
i 'm not reading until it 's a forward from grandma .
only about 400 people join the protest much less than expected .
the license is going to vary depending on where you live .
if you 're in the us contact your city or county economic development or small business development office .
they exist to help you get your business started and they 'll have the answers to your questions and probably a few more questions you never thought of .
they 're free they 're paid with your taxes .
go get some value for all those tax dollars you 've paid over the years .
a few years ago i saw a scientology info tent at the inverness highland games .
they ruled the ball was over the plane of the endzone when his knee went down .
i lookup movies on rottentomatoes and metacritic and never go to see the really bad ones .
i have brady and gronk and that duo has single-handedly won me at least 2 matchups so far .
i have 5 or 6 mods that are still in the tinkering phase and not ready for public release .
plus a couple of mods that are event specific pvp tournament mostly .
i have a remington 870 20g that i bought about 5 years ago .
ive shot roughly 5,000 rounds through it in a mix of hunting and skeet .
never once had a problem and i never once cleaned it .
i 'm unsure about their earlier models but the 870s are still reliable as fuck
i 'm obviously late to the game here but i came across this post while searching for something unrelated .
i 'm pretty dissatisfied with the advice you received here as it most of it skips over the hard start you 're asking about and jumps right into making money mid game .
there are several things you need to be doing all at once .
they 're not going to help you much in combat directly but they are immortal distractions .
low tier ranged units are about worthless so ignore them until you can start affording to field t4 maximum peasant class i like the rhodok arbalestiers .
you really want to focus on higher quantities of cheaper units .
for very quick boosts stick in the swadia area and win tournaments .
swadian battlegrounds with the exception of uxhal are very horse/lance friendly .
that means you have a solid chance of winning with nearly zero combat skills developed .
just play safe and smart lance a few people each round .
i suggest selling early loot even if it is immediately useful because the money is better used on filling out your companion ranks and hiring troops .
you 'll get plenty more loot from tournaments soon .
you might get lucky or they might be scarce .
after you have some cheaply geared companions and about 15 low tier infantry t1-t2 you should be ready for forest bandits .
chances are you can find some groups you outnumber on the order of 10 .
once comfortable you can start going after groups that outnumber you 5-10 .
the great thing about these bandits is that about 1/3 of them are cavalry which will charge you first meaning their forces are divided thus conquered easily .
use ranks or shieldwall so the cavalry crashes against the front line and gets stuck in a mob of clubs and cleavers .
silverstag was a culture shock to me but it takes very little time to get over that initial hump .
so would n't that be 26.00 total if you drove yourself ?
park and ride is 12.00 for the ride and admission ...
it 's probably the most important zoma beating spell .
you can tell this is an aspen tree because of the way it is .
i did n't think it was ever clear the ball made it out .
they probably should have but the review was mainly over fumble or not .
the human mind can use any ideology to inspire violence i can provide references to all manner of ideological groups that have used violence to achieve their goals religious political atheist environmentalist nationalist tribalist and so on .
it always starts with dividing people into us and them .
blaming religion for violence is akin to blaming video games for homicides .
it removes the element of personal responsibility from the decision to harm someone else .
that goes against the sense of justice that underlies the western values system .
i personally do n't see the need to revert to tribalism
how many of those situations were caused exclusively by islam ?
it all starts with the first goal ... and stopping them from getting 6 .
would you be interested in doing this in my town then letting me do the same in your town with perfect apples ?
i do n't think we have anything to worry about he 'd be the right choice for the nats so obviously they 'll do something else .
there 's a lack of close readers '' with popular video game essayists .
gifting things straight from your account would be one way trading that can easily be turned into full trade by agreeing to mutually exchange things or by trading things outside the game and would bring many complications one of them being what you pointed out not to mention you can also just lend skins you do n't want anymore to others which would just dwarf the sales .
hi-rez has stated several times that they do n't want any of that happening in their game promo codes being an expection because its too hard to control who does what with their codes .
woke up with a false widow beside my head in bed the other day .
kevin seraphin drops in 72 of his hooks for comparison
the part about him being a vegetarian and going to popeye 's is n't really fair i know vegetarians that love their sides and biscuits .
i like the idea of this rainbow run but i 'm rather curious about one thing .
what is the rule on pokemon that evolve into a different color such as rattata for example who goes from purple to brown ?
when it evolves are you unable to use it anymore since it is n't on the rainbows color spectrum ?
and what about something like pikachu into raichu how it goes from yellow to orange do you have to box it if you already have an orange pokemon ?
plus if you do n't have another yellow pokemon in the pc do you have to box your green blue and purple pokemon if you have them on your team ?
11-64-29 did n't look like a good match up with the statsny line
i do n't understand it myself i think it has to do with having an inferiority complex .
what exactly needs to be controlled when i 'm around my crush ?
the mind of an engineer and mathematician the skills of a writer .
i know if i waste my time at college and end up at a call center i 'm suck starting a 12 gauge at my desk
my personal problem with be is that everything is in a blue/green color and my brain begins to hurt looking at it .
the refs first fuck up during a coach 's challenge .
only had to leave the break room one time .
i got pretty far on my breath of fire rom
are you considering any other 20mm bands for your watch ?
try playing in a web browser if you are n't
the bottom half at my medical school still matches extremely well
i have no way of knowing if they are getting their first choice but they are at the very least matching at well-known academic hospitals .
yeah but they had to make sure it was n't too late for east coast audiences .
i doubt that it will be anything that impacts a purchase that size .
i would still wait a month to find out .
to be the very best like no one ever was .
forgive the spelling mistakes that was like a 15 minute hate-rant on the shitter
it should be a cute graphic of putting a gun to your head !
on chibi-robo 's page it also says he is compatible with smash .
i 'm never leaving here at least not until the curse is lifted .
honestly the worst bit is waiting to change flights cos you sit there thinking 'i could be knocking four hours off my next flight but i 'm stuck here bored instead ' .
luke will absorb solar flare and turn out to be a good guy .
after over a year of long distance my boyfriend i closed the distance today !
we packed my junk hauled it 3 hours to his house today i start my new job next week !
hey hey hey i 'm not the typical nerdy type .
and that 's located in the medulla part of brains right ? ?
eitherway i was reading about an article that steroids might possibly change the micro-structure of ur medulla permanently probably does n't mean much but perhaps that 's why certain guys get koed more once they get off the roids stuff e.g .
do you see a distinction between aspd sociopathy and psychopathy ?
my high capacity '' clips are 10 rounds for a quick sks reload .
my magazines are 30 round with one 5 round mag for hunting .
i was initially planning on going to the one in ob but i decided against it after reading negative reviews .
i 've been to the real oktoberfest and it sounds like the one in el cajon would do it the most justice
go to namecheap.com and the domain name is about 10 and the hosting is about 10 for the first year .
then go to tyler.com and watch his video and he takes you through the steps of creating a simple website with wordpress .
i do n't know a thing about html and i created a website for my first company using weebly and it is still at the top of the front page of google in its category .
damn you sure those fundies man keep up the good fight
studies show that only 15 of women experience the stereotypical pms/menstruation symptoms that make them hectic and volatile .
i had a friend who was home schooled and his mom never taught him sex ed .
he thought he was the only one who had a penis that changed sizes for a long time .
aaaand ... .i have the booth marked to check out for sunday .
i should probably go to sleep soon but i 'm afraid i cant't because i slept pretty much all day
different company beta obviously pushed faster than it should to meet movie deadline date and they do n't know exactly what we want because they are making it from scratch using old games as a reference but trying to make it better/change things up .
swbf might fall short of hype but they tried .
i can only imagine it would sound better than this https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=vh8l0x9uf-y
hold on i got some good ones from milo yiannopoulos
serious why do we raise our shoulders when out in the rain ?
technical if you are in a vehicle going 186k miles/second what happens when you turn its headlights on ?
silly if barbie is so popular why do you have to buy her friends ?
it does n't matter as long as you 're 17 up until the day you are 18 you own nothing .
90 reading what the friends who i have n't unfollowed are up to .
4 unfollowing people who keep doing crap i do n't care about like commenting on a posting that has 32000 comments already .
1 random funny thoughts that occur to me as status updates .
im actually cool with toonami being late at night .
mainly because i recall as a kid when toonami was at 7pm-11pm being sad that i 'd miss toonami due to doing other things like going to the movies or a family event or the like and having my dad lecture me that tv is not important. '' .
now that 's a non-issue for me being that its midnight when toonami starts .
though im not against it starting at 11:00 or 11:30 but having it start earlier than that like 9pm or 10pm for me would cause a few time conflicts .
in short i would love for toonami to run from 11:00pm-4:00am .
i would say 11:00pm-6:00am but i do n't think my body could handle that entirely and the only thing that i could see working on toonami beyond 3:00am are re-runs of finished toonami shows like space dandy or blue exorcist .
after 2 years i have finally brought my girlfriend back home to meet my family .
while i get wanting to play with viewers it 's generally a good idea to hold back when you do and not completely stomp them while smurfing .
i feel like not all british people are internet scum but i 'm pretty sure all internet scum is british .
ah i am with the company and service work can not be contacted union .
installer it would n't be uncommon to have 15 calls in one day each with a potential of 8 pieces of equipment .
in service its generally 6 calls a day and 90 of the time the issue is rf related so it 's a cake walk .
when you are older and i really hope wiser you will realize that there are adults on the internet as well as the children you dwell with .
some of these adults do n't cream their panties when their bosses finally deliver and deliver late the bare minimum required to do a job .
one of the backstories for exotic armor that is fairly well-known is the helm of saint 14 which has a dent in it from the famed titan head-butting a fallen kell .
there 's been other lore discovered about saint 14 that i 've seen posted here suggesting that he disappeared into the wilderness to hunt down fallen after the battle of six fronts or was it twilight gap ?
despite the vanguard 's wish that he stay to defend the city .
i believe it was also suggested that he was a sunbreaker though i ca n't recall the basis for that assertion .
there is lore out there for some of the armor pieces you just have to dig a bit .
yeah reviving the shadowscales would be a sweet quest line .
hi there this is just a reminder for when your offer is closed
please do n't forget to change your flair color to green for fulfilled '' when you have no more cards .
it lets people filter out active posts from inactive ones .
you can do this by clicking on flair '' then fulfilled '' then save . ''
hello u/execob your submission appears to be extremely short so please make sure that it 's within the subreddit rules r/drugs/wiki/rules check out our wiki pages on common drugs r/drugs/wiki/drugs and the drug knowledge base r/drugs/wiki/knowledgebase or use the search option to the right .
after you 've done a little research feel free to write a few more sentences and resubmit r/drugs/submit ? selftext=true your post .
you can also re-post this and write this question can not be easily googled '' in the text not title !
of the post to exempt yourself from this rule .
users breaking the rules and using this code will be banned .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/drugs if you have any questions or concerns .
you can not be fired for your job for being in a union in the united states .
however unions have the reputation on the u.s. of being overpaid lazy and violent and from what we have seen in america and even recently in france just a few days ago where french union workers stripped some managers and beat them the image of the violent lazy union worker is accurate .
what europeans have to understand is that being lazy violent and overpaid can backfire on you even though at the time it seems you are voting for your own economic interests it will turn out you are wrecking your whole industry in the end .
im so impressed we won ... the popularity disparity was huge !
i 'm trying to learn to get my royales down but it 's a hard process .
i have n't tried a bs royale ever or a royale on a rail both seem a little scary to me at the moment especially since i ca n't even perfect a fs royale .
when the stars align and i actually do one it is one of the best feelings .
also getting used to rails in general they 're very intimidating especially since one of my first attempts doing a pornstar on one caused me to land on my ribs .
i 'm getting more comfortable with it though and it always feels amazing to grind out a full rail at a decent speed .
just soul and mizou right now i 'll introduce more grinds later on .
i think i 'm doing pornstars lazily because my back foot wants to overshoot the rail every time doing pornstars on ledges let me put my back foot whereever i wanted .
also trying to get air out of a typical 6 foot half pipe i might be getting a bit of air ?
i have 360 's on lock in a halfpipe but i 'm too scared to attempt 540 .
it 's one of those things i could do as a teen before i quit but ca n't do now .
i can get really close to doing a flat land 540 on my blades but not in a pipe .
my two options for half pipes are a shitty metal one that is kind of sketchy and a concrete bowl both of which do n't seem like good areas to attempt it .
i want to learn how to grind out of a half pipe but it 's a lot trickier than it looks .
lastly i try to throw in a few switch grinds every once in a while .
it 's really wonky and embarrassing looking but i want to be able to flow tricks between normal and switch easily .
i 've attempted top tricks and the only one i had mild success with was top porn everything else just hurt my ankle and did n't feel right .
people on here told me i 'm likely not ready for them so i put them on the backburner for now .
considering i 'm 24 ca n't skate very often and just started back in just before summer i think i 'm doing alright .
definitely better at grinding now than when i was a teen .
i wonder when they were written and when they were recorded or if they are all covers or if some are covers .
cause technically they have recorded two songs at austin city limits not one .
i 'm pumped regardless but i got ta wonder if these were written while on tour they could have the live energy of the colour and the shape which was written while touring !
i honestly am starting to have little sympathy for people affected by this .
the only way pc gamers are ever going to make a stand is to just refuse to buy products from the scumbag companies doin this crap .
description of how to do it courtesy of u/jordanistan https np.reddit.com/r/wtf/comments/3l3uri/these_guys_lighting_a_mortar_shell_in_their_garage/cv3474n and u/ryankindler found the video https np.reddit.com/r/wtf/comments/3l3uri/these_guys_lighting_a_mortar_shell_in_their_garage/cv38wxr
yea early morning gaming does n't work well but we were able to upgrade our teamates gear after the small scrimish
the fourth and sixth rooms are actually dependent on the player 's knowledge of the super mario series .
i did n't really make it that clear in the level so i guess it 's a designer flaw .
basically the clue to the 4th room is smb '' or super mario bros. all the enemies except one the stretch boo come from that first game .
for the 6th room the clue is abc '' and the answer is in the order of the enemies the koopa the bob-omb and the monty mole in the order they first appear throughout the series super mario bros. super mario bros 3 or alternatively smb2 usa and super mario world .
during my later interviews and especially the home run '' interview that got me to my current position i felt like the interview was a two-way conversation .
i understood myself well enough that i could convey my strengths well to an interviewer smart devoted and i also started learning how to get them to talk a bit .
interviewing can be like a microcosm of asperger 's often the biggest challenge is n't developing the raw abilities but communicating those abilities to others .
on a lot of my poorer interviews i felt unprepared .
i was n't as familiar with the interview process did n't know what to say as much and so i nervously stumbled through .
one of those interviews actually led to an offer but that 's because the interviewer was more nervous than me !
ultimately here were some of the lessons that i took in when rising from bad to good .
it did n't matter if i had ten or twenty rejections first as long as i got that one .
even better i ended up with more than one so i got to choose that was my next goal after one .
i learned how to be confident in myself knowing myself well enough to sell my strengths and also gaining confidence and courage .
my hope is that by the end of this all you 'll be able to walk into an interview maybe nervous it 's okay i always was !
but also confident that you can succeed at this .
it 's not as old as some other games but .hack .
srsly you 're trying to be way harsher than the fsf against an organization that has the same respect from the community on deciding on what 's free software or not .
they diverge on a couple of minor points but work closely together .
there 's regular meetings between the two and you 'll have to eat your hat when six months from now they finally agree .
if that was a superstar shortstop we would have a tulo rule being enforced tomorrow
i thought it was one of those magic eye puzzles .
kratom acts on opiate receptors you will develope an addiction much worse than coffee .
kratom is great if used responsibly and not every day .
ihave very bad withdrawals from kratom i wish someone would have warned me .
i do n't like having to take something every day in order to function .
other than that kratom has done great things for me ... . just use a couple times a week and no more .
glad to see those taste*buds work in some ways at least
i dont know how far back you mean but id have to say r/jetwaterpipes they have been around for a few years now and the quality has only improved imo
easily the worst so far is spoiler s choosing to help my best friend commit suicide or kill her dad ''
the whole game is centered around making stressful decisions then the rest of the game reacts to those decisions .
nearly every little thing you do has consequences '' even watering your plant .
at least there 's the upside that anyone in the division could make it still easily .
i would n't just use the word fat since nobody likes being called fat .
you would n't say she had fat breasts would you ?
i was trying to think of thing that might feels consistently cheap .
those you mentioned can feel cheap but you usually only fall for it once .
need to catch these assholes on video refusing your ride and send it to the media .
start at midnight get into random taxis and see how many refusals i can get in a night .
zyori surely feels bad about his decision to move to the sad cast team
the small amount of kneading required to incorporate the yeast should n't have enough of an effect to defeat the purpose of the autolyse as it still takes far less work for the same/more gluten development compared to just kneading .
i would n't expect any significant oxidation from kneading in the yeast either .
wants to move back in with his parents '' sounds a little less convincing .
could make sense though if freo want to get enough currency to acquire bennell and mccarthy .
one of the boys from the parking is my good friend .
i always get a kick out of seeing him at work
rip both c9 and fanatic wo n't make it out of groups..
what 's self-improvement for me would n't necessarily be self-improvement for you .
do you feel there are any areas you can work on ?
if you ca n't think of anything start with reading books .
when i swap to my na 408 it 'll be the holley system .
but once it 's done i 'll never have to worry about cold starts jetting dirty float bowls etc etc .
i was not sure if that would look natural but i 'll add it in and see how it looks tomorrow !
tbh i 've already submitted it to the fine folks at alien blue but i 'll re-submit if the dog nose looks better .
i 'll just steal my little brother 's 3ds for a while to play it .
if the silly disney games are anything to go by i 'm enamored enough with gf that if you put mabel and dipper in a game i will play it and enjoy it despite non-existent premises and inadequate game mechanics .
mechanical pencils for drawing it 's a lot less messy .
matter appearing and moving by itself ex nihilo casimir effect https www.google.com/url ? sa=t source=web rct=j url=http www.hep.caltech.edu/~phys199/lectures/lect5_6_cas.pdf ved=0cdcqfjahahukewjgpixh0rniahuqm4gkhwbidzo usg=afqjcnecapgduk4abgp6lq3y0uixn-pg6g sig2=t4gth-zckrqlivzqgaitpw
had a random roommate get paired with me and 2 other friends in our on campus appt in college .
his friends and him would get high and eat all our food trash the appt he would wear my clothes fuck girls on my bed when i was away for sports travel and then stole over 600 worth of kitchen utensils and dish wear .
posted his number on craigslist personals mfm as payback since he was an ass .
his gf broke up with him bc he kept getting dick pics and sexts and she thought he was cheating on her with men .
id run hc if i was clearing rooms and had closer range encounters id run scout for longer range engagements and/or for boss dps though the hc was n't that bad for golg/warpriest runs i did .
edit to note i was thinking about this some more on boss dps hand cannons are actually better than others in most cases the biggest drawback being reload which is negated by cocoon .
being able to inflict that higher end damage with a hc and not have to reload is great for dps .
just found this subreddit looking forward to posting more spider pics !
physoc has a past paper database mech eng has a facebook group with a bunch of resources etc etc .
well sounds like im going to pirate this game out of principal now
no he 's going to impale her on his knobbly tree branch .
are you trying to prevent crimes before they occur now ?
yes it is when regulation restricts access for arbitrary reasons .
the issue with mental health is that it is stigmatized and there are life long consequences including derailing your career due to diagnosis .
removing punishment for being mentally ill is the first major step .
imagine that 's their life 's work to race the others and sprout first so they can secure some sunlight .
like instead of a friendly race between friends this is a race to the death .
now imagine that we created this entire situation by spreading so myna seeds on such a small area
i 'm colorblind are you people just collectively fucking with us or are they actually different colors ?
this gag did n't resonate with me because it 's pretty clear pearl won and peridot does n't get art she just threw paint at canvas and hoped for the best .
well at least you got to suck your dads dick
i hope he has a perfect game through 8 2/3 innings then they pinch hit utley .
and walks off to the greatest standing ovation of all time
i 'd put a single file in the php document root with the following content
if you get an error message about undefined function '' then you are n't running what you think you are .
if you get some other error about the connecting string or of parameters the problem is probably with the settings for your site .
if jul does get killed it will most likely be at the climax of the first mission .
the footage that we saw of his forces and the promethean forces fighting was when he was alive .
regardless of the prometheans and the covenant fighting at the start jul 's death can cause a major shift and alliances can be changed .
regarding with what happened in halo 4 i am keeping it as a possibility .
this week i found out how easy it is to stay under 50g of carbs a day .
i will keep 50 though as i have bought bulk coconut in order to make delicious home made milk and drink a lot of it and that 's 30g of carbs .
this week i also weighed myself on an old school scale like the one i used in my previous gym where i weighed in at 188 .
i 'm 183 now which is n't too bad since i wan na gain weight but i knew i would drop a few pounds from going to super high carbs to super low .
next week is my official debut to the warrior diet '' eating only between 6pm before workout and 10pm .
goal is to gain lean mass 190 in 2016 would be awesome .
took me longer than i thought to set up the exact plan with the foods i have but now it 's all good and i 'm 100 in
everyone 's grown a bit over the span of a year .
carla 's also grown a bit but sadly into a slightly bigger cunt .
also on coping if you smoke weed stop it .
does n't matter if it makes you feel great while you 're doing it it 's doing bad things to your brain .
same goes for any other upper '' type drug ritalin adderall meth etc .
it 's really nice to see that so far it looks like we really hit the ball out of the park with kevin johnson i think he 's the real deal .
if only we can draft like that on offense more often
older clip from my channel but i forgot to post this one here .
yeah it 's nice to believe we can but we have to live in reality .
gonzalez is our most consistent defender and michael bradley is our best player .
we are disappointing because we simply do n't have the players .
we did n't have enough chances and we never do .
and when we do get the chances it 's some times like we forget how to score .
i use a pretty random book where i can get under 7 goals for 105 .
she responded that if i 'm not doing anything that i need to hide it should n't matter if she asks me
this is pretty much what government surveillance agency tell us to legitimate the spying .
even a hint of being tortured and i 'll squeal like a pig .
with that underwear it 's definitely more of a peek-a-boo lol
james please just go resign i ca n't think of anyone worse for te image of your party .
i can get tetp to force you to resign again if you want .
if you really want to make sense say menstruation or menses although period makes sense it 's periodic .
woman week sounds like a feminist programme in some college .
the video game earthbound has gone from sales bin please-buy-our-stock material to being discovered as a hidden gem and now fetches insane prices on ebay etc .
i do n't think it 2 shots them i have the 3rd german medium and i do n't think i 've been 2 shorted from the front ever .
you 're not misogynist because other people are misogynist right along with you ?
you are the gorgeous come back to europe we have a better taste in women no honestly after having lived a couple of years in the uk i can say you are easily 9/10 and do n't be concerned about your slimness
nothing interesting i even got the metter on the right to full ... got that lopp hoverboard few transomgs and a pet ... rest was green stuff omnibits service tokens rune bags and so on..
what do you call shirley temple https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/shirley_temple beverage without a cherry ?
there 's always something new at j d 's even though this was the april fools ' product of 2009 .
sometimes i just flat-out do n't want to do anything with another person .
i have zero problems with just saying no but with some of my friends saying no does n't work .
they immediately go to the whole why not ? ''
line and try to convince me to get on board or offer a different activity we could do .
that 's just a pain to deal with because i do n't want to do any of that .
if i tell them i ca n't because i have some other made-up obligation they will accept it right off the bat and all is good .
i do n't want to lie but they make me .
that being said if i tell someone i 'm going to do something well i 'm going to do it .
i agree that if your friends are agreeing to do something they should either do it or have the spine to say they are n't interested in the first place .
i do n't however think they should be required to offer alternatives in that situation because they might not be interested in doing anything so offering alternatives to something they have declined sort of defeats the point .
strang that she 'd rather get naked on the internet to be convinced than just take her boyfriends word for it .
it 's more like some intersex condition from what i have read .
annnnnnnnd now there 's a deck in standard that interests me .
i would actually like to know of a scenario of a blind and deaf person managing to steal something they can recognize at first touch from a store which would get them arrested read their miranda rights and generally if the item is less than 50 in value they will only be fined .
when you fulton things peqoud picks them up with his fulton catching attachment and when you wormhole things i 'll assume they either get teleported onto peqoud or into a storage room in mother base so ... pretty much you 're fucking with everybody either way .
for me ad is when game throws very cheap enemies at you enemies that have unreasonable damage/attack speed/hp and/or .
some enemies in chalices and defiled are clearly done that way .
i guess you call it a challenge but i just can not agree with you on that one .
um.. why do you think you ca n't get hpv ?
guys can get genital warts caused by some strains of it and also be carriers not just girls .
also if you think guys ca n't get it how did you think it spreads between heterosexual women ?
a week out from my first 12k i 've only done a 9k race but in my training my long runs were at 11km and i 'm limping around the place with what i 'm pretty confident is peroneal tendonitis after all my training i thought i was taking it slow following hal higdon etc but i guess it was still too much or my form sucks .
going to attempt to visit a physio this week any suggestions on what to do otherwise ?
also bought a foam roller and i 'll start using that today .
i just want to finish my 12k i do n't need to break any records .
the settlements that were n't supposed to be there ?
there were multiple issues with the settlements in gaza .
do n't listen to me here is an article from human rights watch outlining much of what i 'm saying .
fact of the matter is the blockade was always enforced .
israel continually held control over gaza even after the supposed withdrawal . ''
rome 2 probably had my favorite art style out of any of the total war games .
i should have expected the price tag since it 's sulwhasoo but my eyes bulged when i saw 200 http us.sulwhasoo.com/snowise-ex-brightening-serum .
does anyone know where one might get this at a cheaper price ?
girls who are able to critically debate/discuss about sensitive topics that would usually offend other people by just uttering the word like religion mental illnesses and gender
if he traded on board then he would still be on effectively 1 hp have to deal with a 3/4 and his opponent would still be on 26 and trump would need to survive at least 2 more turns before he could lethal him .
that is n't a much more enviable situation than betting on your opponent not to topdeck a fireball .
it only seems like a misplay because his opponent did topdeck a means to get lethal .
if that did n't happen nobody would have given it a second thought
after the strike and up until 2002 there were very serious talks about contracting the league by 2-4 teams because the league was a mess financially .
they wanted to eliminate some of the worst teams earnings wise .
iirc owners voted 28-2 to eliminate the expos and twins with the two votes coming from the expos and twins .
after 1994 baseball lost a ton of fans and with it a lot of money .
while not the sole reason for fans coming back i think 1998 kept a lot of fans back and helped grow the fan base .
it was n't until 2006 that average attendance hit pre-strike levels but i doubt it 'd have gotten there without 1998 and to some degree 2001 .
it is n't the sole reason but a huge reason imo .
or we could expect more than the barest standards from people especially our law makers .
sof and activate remnant are both instant so it does n't matter which you use .
i study dutch art and optics and i 've got some skepticism about this .
the hockney-falco thesis is incredibly flawed and while tim 's vermeer is a cool story it 's over-simplifying a complex concept .
yeah i think if i 'm gon na pay for them i might as well get the best quality .
i have n't seen a new hope in years .
he may also be referencing what was commonly known obvs up until the site died as myspace angles '' the art of taking the photo for your myspace profile from an awkward posed angle that best showed off your face and/or hid your double chin s .
jw because i has the same issue with only gta v. i googled it and there was some sort of bug where the triggers would n't work for some launch controllers .
you did n't even mention the biggest similarity which is the change in pace .
with sprinting how quickly you wake from stun and break out of grabs the one kick wake up from a teammate default matches being 25 tickets/5 minutes and the spawncamping ridden tiny rush maps ... the pace of the game is awful .
mgo is supposed to be a tense sneaking game thats what made mgo2 so unique .
instead mgo3 is run and gun while invisible ! ''
there 's this shipyard across with bright lights at night .
and where the hell was puar yamcha 's pet ?
they had enough cgi budget to do the other stuff but not animate a talking flying cat ?
it does n't suck if they were miserable together .
if anything you should be happy for a couple divorcing
i have a real benny and yes his helmet is cracked at the front .
you can pick up a lenovo edge 15 w a nvidia geforce 840m for just around 500 .
but from what i can gather i 'll be settling with medium
skylake is not much faster than haswell refresh and the skylake processors require ddr4 which is expensive .
the usb type c and 3.1 are nice but there are n't a lot of devices that can utilize them fully
2. the h100i had a higher rating on pcpartpicker than the gtx version .
3. the 750w will be fine for both 980ti 's in terms of power but the psu may not have enough 6-pin connectors depending on which type of 980ti you have .
the 750w gold one appears to have enough plugs but maybe go with an 850w one just to be sure .
not sure about pascal but 850w will definitely be fine .
750 may be close because the dual 980ti build is already just about at 700w .
and as i always recommend post my build with note that you already have the gpu 's storage etc .
in a different sub maybe r/pcmasterrace and see what they have to say .
i never thought about that are there any times where it would be appropriate saving smite if you may need it for a jungle clear/heading for a gank after taking the crab or is it always best to keep your time in river as low as possible ?
do n't criticize or belittle specific people for what they have not yet seen or read or for what they choose to never watch or read .
he was just anwering the question there 's no need to insult him .
i use cheap fabric or paper for making the prototype .
if you want to draw the prototype on a computer you could use inktscape or sketchup but i think this might better be done by hand .
i 'll have it in 2 hours if no one 's had it i 'll tell you .
there 's just no demand for them if you live in america .
with modern engines making enough power and the manufacturing process allowing affordability compared to older times most people can afford to have auto .
there 's no need for them to learn manual .
and since there 's no need there 's no demand .
i think the recent tacomas still have the option for a manual gearbox .
not sure about other trucks however as i do n't even think that option on the tacoma will be around for long .
they are idiots it clearly states until your next standby phase '' .
i personally think that its not that big of a deal if you want to arena faction doesnt matter of course for bg you will have exile vs exile fights too so it wont really matter either
all of these have super short paths to them !
in v4 and i expect also slovenia the most spoken second language is still english but german is also a fairly popular choice .
very few people speak russian except for older generations who may know some basics because it 's a language they were taught in school .
however at this point in it 's probably already behind hungarian in slovakia .
yup my family moved to phoenix a couple of years ago but i still play games with people in grand forks all the time .
i have never even heard of this cartoon ca n't be to old .
i honestly hope is in actual love with both of the woman and didnt mean to start two families from the beginning .
maybe i 'm just lazy but that seems like too much effort and emotional confuckery for me .
if you instead of complaining did all the necessary measures to make your life more bearable even a little enjoyable then you would n't discard the positive outlook on life as bullshit .
yes as vince macmahon put it life sucks and then you die '' .
but it would feel like a waste to not give it the best you got .
so in the end it is about whether you do the easy choice or the hard choice .
these poopie-heads telling you to not kill yourself only try to encourage you to do the right thing .
but they do not care about who you are as well as you do not care about who they are .
they only mean to inspire others into taking the steps to make their lives more bearable .
i got into one piece when it was still on fox yes the 4kids dub and i 'm 24
they were in the arsenal until after vietnam though there is a rocket launcher that fires basically jello eggs of napalm that began to replace them and are still in the arsenal in limited quantities .
national guard units may still have some in inventory and some have been converted to tear-gas-laden water sprayers but could be back converted if needed .
flamethrowers are incendiary weapons in both senses of the word they inspire fear and hatred so their use is politically problematic .
that said i would not be surprised if they were still around in some special capacity or with special forces because they tend to value effectiveness over political considerations .
yeah with the girl running out and two shots hitting the floor in front of her .
1994 best supporting actor what 's eating gilbert grape .
other nominees included ralph fiennes for schindler 's list .
other nominees were johnny depp for finding neverland clint eastwood for million dollar baby and don cheadle for hotel rwanda .
forest whitaker won for the last king of scotland .
other nominees included eight-time nominee and owner of zero competitive oscars peter o'toole for venus .
other nominees were bruce dern for nebraska christian bale for american hustle and chiwetel ejiofor for 12 years a slave .
but yeah tell me how dicaprio was more deserving than any of those other actors .
what the hell are u gon na do with two kilos of bud ?
if you 're looking for a true barber coach four is your best bet .
grab a pbr from the fridge that kind of place .
any cheaper and you 're in great clips '' territory .
if you like your hair cut longer i recommend oz particularly ryan .
not exactly cheap 50 after tip typically i think but you wo n't find a better barber/stylist in michigan .
youtube has thousands of videos with example problems and explanations .
i 'll bet you know how to do things with numbers that you did n't know a year ago .
and if you continue to put in effort you will continue to improve .
the unfortunate truth is that there are n't any tricks or secrets to getting better at math it just comes down to exercising what you know until it becomes second nature .
if you want a career that requires math skills then you will need to just keep putting as much time into it as you can .
if you have better things to do then that 's ok but there are no shortcuts to this stuff .
one thing you have to get used to is not understanding something the first time you see it and not letting that discourage you .
work on being comfortable looking at a problem and having no idea how to get to the answer and just start trying things based off what you do know .
write down any relationships you can see even if you are n't sure how it will apply to the big picture yet .
one of the hardest things about math is how cumulative all the skills are .
there 's almost nothing you can afford to just learn once take a test and forget about and that 's what causes most people to fail .
each new thing in math is n't a huge leap from the last concept you learned but if you are n't actively working to retain all that knowledge then problems that would otherwise be simple become very difficult .
if you 're serious about this then one of the best things you could do is to come on here and help people with problems you do know how to solve .
sadly i 'm not german here 's the prices on my country
when you are involved in an accident the law is that you must not leave .
what part of this sentence do you not understand ?
hell i 'll eat the entire jar of vegemite if melbourne victory are premiers again .
u/cotive posted this to r/funny about 30 minutes before you .
with the interrogate upgrade you will near ocelots speed .
snake is slightly slower they 're just cooler characters to use imo .
although i 've seen the notion in the anti-civ thought that civilizations do n't have to necessarily collapse
which could arguably be just as bad or worse .
they 're artificially inseminated and kept pregnant their entire life also having their calves taken away not long after birth .
as well as that they 're given hormones to increase milk production which causes a lot of pain .
i mean it 's probably worse than buying some crappy chocolate .
i 'm tired of fucking patron warrior and fuck this rope bug i do n't plan on seeing the rope every fucking turn !
did n't watch today 's game other than the obvious result how did we actually play ?
hi i 'm f2p currently been mining coal in the falador mine then transporting it to the near by bank been making 30-40k an hour !
r/european is like shooting fish in a barrel ... . with a minigun
thanks things can be tough sometime but that 's true for everyone .
is n't the entire point of a placebo is that you think it actually works ?
if inform the person that it 's a placebo then it ruins the entire point of the concept of a placebo .
i 'm surprised many people here did n't see that and genuinely think fnatic is that much better than c9 .
after they fell too far behind early they went for every single kill they saw even a tiny chance of getting and never backed off .
kind of kamikaze mode they will do much better next two games .
engineer here currently in a part time professional mba program with similar thoughts of being self employed .
the program will take a total of 22 months and i 'll be done in may .
here 's a thought i had when i was searching .
why do i need to go to a top school ?
will the concepts truly be better there or is the top school more about networking and connections ?
the realization was that while i 'd love to go to stanford or harvard or mit to get my mba at the end of the day the biggest benefit of those schools over a state school nearby would be connections to the working world .
most students in mba programs will go on to become consultants or finance analysts or move into an established industry .
that can be very helpful to get your own feet on the ground in the industry later on in your career .
if you want to start your own company though why do you need those connections ?
admittedly they can be helpful in finding clients or advice but as an entrepreneur you wo n't be looking for someone to give you an 'in ' with a company you 'll be creating the whole thing yourself !
imo the networking you gain from the top mba programs become less important if you want to begin your own company .
you need a network within the industry you 're entering rather than a wide network of smart mbas .
this is better accomplished by going to trade shows or simply talking to others in the industry .
a part time program nearby that you can complete while working might be the smart financial decision without costing you much at all from the program .
the fandom already losing shit from what they 've announced that night
dyrus it 's never been super clear what your relationship with reginald has been over the years .
are you guys good friends after all the years or have you guys never really got along that well ?
actually i see a lot of interesting writings on the built-in biases of current mass media and a disturbing amount of male-dominated corporate culture as the mainstays and only find this ridiculous outlier focus on micro aggressions and clapping '' on reddit but ok .
plenty of the articles that are submitted about the topic are just rehashing what has already been said .
we do n't need 6 different links to articles that all say the exact same thing .
it 's standard procedure on any decent sub to not clutter the board with links to the exact same content .
i 'm not sating that ttip is n't a subject that affects the world or that it is n't important in general .
it 's a nice way of putting it is all .
i 'm certainly not appealing to authority https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/argument_from_authority .
i do like that that it 's from 1915 and so shows that this sort of perpetual machine nonsense has been getting spouted for a long time and yet strangely still no free energy for the world .
you 're assuming that you can better react to idiots than the technology .
his videos get more funnier when newcastle lose his rants are too good .
and his unflinching hate for mike williamson is an ongoing gag .
i 'd just like to point out that my third suggestion on google search for oregon shooting '' is oregon shooting hoax '' .
what was some of your favourite funniest moments as being a part of tsm ?
i just dont know where to put my healing shrines after the laning so where do i place them ?
i feel the heal is good for the first 5 minutes but after that the heal suck but the speed boost is handy i think .
probably can make more money than being legal in a turkish refugee camp .
seems like a bad idea for syrians though since they 're getting permanent residency in sweden .
if i like the girl i like the girl .
the problem with that corner design is if someone spins on the outside everyone has to leave the track to avoid them and the tarmac is n't slowing them down .
they 're meant to go to the left of the bollard but many drivers just try and floor it through there .
medicine and technology was created by passionate scientists and engineers .
most of the ground work of modern tech was actually done by government research like darpa in the 70 's .
allot of the key ingredients were invented by talented students at universities or by guys in a garage .
so no the extreme corporate greed that is manipulating governments policy and media outlets is not what brought it about .
and right now corporate greed is causing a brain drain from science and technology towards finance and law .
corporate greed had a brief period of advancing technology and science but we are already over the zenith of that .
the question is was that brief period of acceleration worth all the hurt that we are about to get .
probably hillman and chris johnson but i do n't like it
you are confused about the differences between finance and business .
if you want flavor and justify your 1 level dip you could say that your druid became interested in the healing capabilties of the church and wanted to learn their basic tips tricks to use for himself .
or he genuinely wanted to join their order but it just didn stick .
considering delayed progression and not getting the full druid potential screw that .
so if you will ever attain level 20 with your character how long will that take irl ?
i`d take the cleric dip and have fun now instead of not taking it so i might get something in 2/3 years time .
never been level 20 myself we always died or finished the campaign beforehand
no for that it 's got ta go in the other way around
it 's yours i 'll be available in 3-4 hours after the f1 race xd so let me know when you 're around
i definitely would n't mind spending extra for a keyboard like that albeit it might take a little more time getting used to the keys .
double checking to see whether it is the correct alphabet or not lmao
we 'll be patrolling the cosmodrome and killing taken champions .
painted by marcos zapata a quechuan indigenous artist in 1753 .
compare judas in the bottom right looking toward you with conquistador francisco pizzaro the conqueror of peru http www.ducksters.com/biography/explorers/francisco_pizarro.jpg .
what are some fun haunted houses/mazes/etc that are in the huntsville/decatur/athens area this year ?
in u1 are five red balls and four green balls while u2 is initially empty .
four balls are extracted u1 and u2 are introduced .
in this second ballot u2 it is removed and a ball is green .
what is the probability of drawing a red ball on the second draw
hello all i own this gmc denali road bike http reviewdontregret.com/gmc-denali-road-bike-review .
i got it for very cheap 75 basically because of a trade .
it is pretty decent but i do n't like the shifter mountain bike style twist ones in an inconvenient place and the way the brakes feel .
is is possible to upgrade the shifters brakes to disc and add quick release to the wheels with just a semi normal frame ?
got me thinking about james havent seen/heard anything about him since hvv ?
anybody with an update on him over the past 5 years ?
we already have mike tyson 's punch-out so how about
hi i think my last post on this forum was about letting go of anger and before that about considering relapsing .
i met up with a friend from aa last night yeah i have friends in the program even though i do not do it and i was telling him the stuff i was writing about in my post .
i was telling him how i do n't feel much better it 's been so long i still am miserable and sad and despairing and angry and enraged and anxious and scared and grief-stricken bla bla bla .
you are getting frustrated because you think life should '' be like that and you should '' feel like this and things should '' go like that .
who said you have to be happy all the time ?
who said you ca n't be feeling shitty for a really long fucking time ?
of course this did n't make all my problems go away and actually at the time he told me this last night i just ignored him and kept on complaining .
and he was understanding and caring and responding with well of course that angers you .
naturally that upsets you '' about stuff from my past .
and so i did n't actually think about what he said until today and he had a point that resonated with me .
of course the sadness and grief and panic and fear and self-loathing and insecurity that is all still there .
it 's not like shitty things that happened did not just un-happen or that my bad feelings dissipated into thin air .
but i realized that i have been piling frustration on top of all of the already negative stuff in thinking that i should '' be over this and i should '' feel better by now and life should '' be different by now .
i put those shoulds '' in quotes because they are being really problematic now .
i think my expectations for early sobriety first year were very low indeed all i wanted was not to relapse .
but into 14 months my expectations for myself and my life are much much higher and quite suddenly .
at some point a few months ago i decided it should all be all better and way perfecter .
and people on the last two posts i made were giving me advice about accepting the place i was in versus being impatient about it because that impatience only adds more layers of misery to the cake .
and it resonated with me today after my friend told me that to my face yesterday .
where would you be how much would you take who would you be with what would you be doing etc ?
camp bowie blvd is paved with bricks and it seems to always be falling apart somewhere .
i feel like every time i drive down it i have to avoid all the holes and random bricks strewn about .
is there a reason they continue to repair the bricks instead of paving over ?
have there ever been discussions to fix it up on a large scale or even pave over it ?
i 'm pretty sure that all together they cost around 1000 .
they are in excellent condition except there is a little bit of dust on the pillow '' things they came on .
how do i know what 's a reasonable price to expect for them if selling ?
where should i sell it a jeweller 's craigslist ... ?
just curious to see if i have a problem i am up to day and current with the following on going series justice league detective comics the flash batman we are robin gotham academy american vampire harley quinn and superman and batman and robin eternal/so like 9-10 books a month .
i was collecting marvel now then they rebooted that shit and i stopped collecting marvel cant afford the reboots anyways how many books are you guys getting
i 'll be listening to a headgum podcast twinnovation and if i were you if that makes a difference and it will just skip to the end making me have to go back and find where i was .
this happens about 2-3 times every episode i listen to .
no hate i just wanted to know if i 'm the only one ?
edit okay i found out that it is indeed my internet that is causing this .
i tested it by disconnecting from my wifi while listening then reconnecting straight away again .
so i 'm guessing that it happens when i 'm listening and the internet flickers out for a second or something like that .
i know amir is probably really busy and i hate to bother him but i 'm going to shoot him a quick email about this for anyone else that is having this problem .
hey guys check out this level 20 game https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=pxh9xxp4pnm i ran at brigadecon this weekend .
it 's set in my norse setting iskloft http jarldm.com/the-horns-of-cerunnos .
this time with a little girl on the way i 've had people telling me over and over that she should be early because 1 second child and 2 girl .
i was due on saturday 10/10 and here i sit with no pain and no signs of labor sunday night .
i 've currently got a 1068-based card that does sas and does n't support drives over 2tb and a 3ware 9650se that i thought would be the answer for me ... and it 's sata only so it wo n't work with the drive cage expander i have .
frankly i do n't even need the raid support since i 'm planning to pass through individual drives to vms in esxi .
i just need sas support for the expanders 3tb support to use my 3tb and 5tb drives and i need to not spend a lot of money on it .
4-port sas is fine but 8-port would be good too .
now yes halo is already really really popular but it 's not as popular as it used to be .
halo is not as popular now as it was from 2001-2010 .
do you think halo 5 guardians could add a bit of fuel to the fire and have halo be a bit more talked about ?
i do n't think halo will ever be as huge as it was from 2001-2010 ever again but maybe we can get it closer with halo 5 .
hey guys check out this level 20 game https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=pxh9xxp4pnm i ran at brigadecon this weekend .
it 's set in my norse setting iskloft http jarldm.com/the-horns-of-cerunnos .
ive been thinking about getting my 4 year old some bongos for christmas
cp lp toca meinl all make small versions in the 40 50 range and then nino makes an abs plastic for 40 .
are any of these a higher quality than the others or one to be avoided ?
i get that the nino is designed more for kids but for a couple dollars more would the others be a horrible choice ?
it seems that each song that is not biome related is specific to a faction .
in addition to that we have over world exploration music village and beach pieces .
given that wollay has stopped uploading songs and started tweeting with the last upload do you expect any more ?
i personally think this might be it as these songs cover everything i can think of except maybe boss music .
plus you ca n't have too many songs in region specific random generation as they could change too often .
like it says havent gotten to do the raid yet and im finally ready to give it a shot .
looking for a full fireteam to do it with .
i have been playing grim fandango/lego marvel and my game just happens to freeze up completely the caps lock light does n't even work on my keyboard and i end up have to do a hard restart .
on the event viewer i see a critical error kernel-power .
i am able to do everything else just fine its mostly with games .
i have a lot of fans so i 'm not sure it 's a cooling issue but it might be i am not sure .
i was also thinking it may be a power issue .
i also did a clean install when i upgraded .
i tried whocrashed and it gave me nothing so i switched from kernel dump to small dump .
i would love some help i am at a frustrated loss because i always seem to have issues with computers .
please do n't let me lose hope in technology .
i live in a somewhat blighted city and a cigar room opened up this week .
owners are real gems and would like to see them do well .
being the typical paraphernalia buyer i fucking break every piece of glass i touch .
however this time i was lucky enough to not break the actual bong .
being high as fuck on the first day i bought the damn thing i tried to slip the bong with piece in it back into the bag it came in after emptying it out and the bowl/down stem fell and broke .
the bong is still fully in tact and fine .
my question is what do i need to buy to replace this ?
it was a single honeycomb '' chamber with what i swear was a single piece down stem/bowl combo .
my friend swears that it must 've came with a separate down stem and bowl piece but in the store i recall their only being one piece and i remember when i put it together i thought it was one piece also .
my main point is what exactly do i need to be ordering to replace this ?
i apologize if i am breaking any etiquette i briefly read the submission rules but am new to this sub
my mom got me a domino 's gift card but i do n't have a car or decent public transportation .
domino 's website does n't really make it clear whether or not you can or i 'm stupid and not paying enough attention .
if i wanted a pizza could i use the card for delivery or is it just for pick up ?
i saw the mention of the idris on citizencon .
silly me i did n't realize it referred to the 2500 armada pack a great deal btw but it has so many ships in it that i do n't want or need for my intended game play .
if there was an idris p up as a standalone however perhaps with the anniversary sale ...
i just moved into an apartment with 2 cats that like to climb .
my ball python is in an aquarium with a mesh top and a ceramic heat lamp on top .
how can i either prevent the cats from jumping on it or make it safe for them to do so ?
does anyone have any tips for making a simple star fox costume ?
there have been some amazing developments in my life in the past months but also in fairness i was always one who had dynamic energy .
most notably i have a lot more energy in the morning endurance for life is way up art has been produced at an especially fervent pace and i socialize much more i am unashamed always .
but some days even whole weeks i just do n't feel focused on anything at all except my horniness and loneliness .
i ca n't seem to motivate to do anything but pace around the house as if it were a jail .
i do n't feel like going on a hike or writing a song .
they say i seem like i 'm just too severe '' about life that i am moody because of it .
like i apply my will power too much or too little and in this case its too much .
i dunno women can pick up on confidence and assertiveness but they pick up on sexual frustration as well .
i look at all the average guys out there who probably masturbate and they seem eh doing fine also have jobs and hobbies and try to meet women etcetera .
i 'd like to make it to 90 but today i am loosing faith that anything will actually change as a result .
obviously i would only be this dedicated if i believed this thing would somehow transform my life .
perhaps part of the problem is that i am waiting for the day that my next girlfriend will appear and share my life/bed with me .
if she is successful and with my school she only needs a preponderance of evidence rather than living a shame-ridden husk of a shell of a shadow of my potential life i 'll just end it .
how did they know what to do with placenta and umbilical cord ?
i 've desperately been trying to find a cuck video for the last months but no luck .
the video is homemade there 's a cuck a wife and a bull all three are white .
they 're in a living room on the couch with a tv in the background .
the cuck is filming/giving instructions but the girl basically ignores him .
has anyone made a flag with overlays for every country ?
any major packs i am really looking for an overlay for sri lanka .
i am having a hard time figuring out how to make overlays .
i have been learning new verbs and i started to see a pattern in the way certain prefixes such as ent ver dar etc .
both use it to mean a way of setting something .
steigen to climb/increase aus**steigen to get out of ein**steigen to get in both use a sort of climbing action .
the prefix '' ent '' it seems to be used mostly to actions that happens within something or someone .
these are just a few examples i have seen but i am interested to know if there is a predictable way in which a prefix can change a verb and thus from just knowing such prefixes and knowing the verb i will be able to know the meaning of this new verb .
looking to form a team to play the taken king raid .
available right now 10/11/15 10 45pm most likely will be on until 3 or 4 am .
noticed this big star people on another post mentioned the star of bethlehem or something
this was weird lights i saw coming from ground level but when i got there i did n't find anything .
because i wo n't be able to see through all the particle effects on pc .
i 'm hoping that someone out there would be able to furnish me with some french literature on the subject of thomas aquinas and his theology .
i need them for a guy i recently met and both my french and his english are equally limited .
however despite the language barrier i think i have identified some of his beliefs and some of them do n't seem to different to aquinas !
based on a v. limited knowledge of the great philosopher admittedly recently he has moved into a house where one of his housemates is a practicing catholic he has started blessing himself with holy water despite not having being raised in a catholic family .
i see such hope for this man 's conversion and i believe thomas is the man to do it !
i realize this post may need more detailed information but it 's worth a shot .
my situation is pretty stock-standard i have a yearly salary that is obviously taxed each fortnight that i am paid .
when i do my yearly tax return i use the tools provided by the ato usually the old etax system but via the website for the first time this year .
there 's nothing complicated about my returns just pre-fill deduct a couple of things and submit .
my problem is that for the last several years i have had to pay a tax bill .
i 'm talking hundreds of dollars anything between 100 500 usually .
i 've just filled out my return on the site a couple of weeks ago mostly pre-filled and this year it 's closer to 700 that i owe .
i ended up getting a bit annoyed about it a few years back and asked my employer to manually tax me 40 extra per pay and that seemed to round it off nicely and i ended up just about breaking even .
it was only an experiment really and i went back to normal because it does n't seem like i should have to do that .
now i know there 's no magic answer anyone can give me but is there any indication as to why this continues to happen year after year ?
i mean i do n't have anything in the way of income outside of work or even many deductions a few little things here and there .
without further info will it be a simple case of my employer not taxing me enough fortnight to fortnight ?
i 'm happy to go talk to an advisor if it will help but i 'm not sure if it 's worth the fee if it 's something simple that i can fix .
maybe i will just ask my employer to check it to make sure it 's fine on their end .
i am leaving early on thursday to go to usc 's game at notre dame so vote by wednesday night to have your vote counted .
do not judge others in ignorance within my presence .
those who think to harm someone should be ready to be harmed .
those who are open and respectful shall receive my kindness and respect .
those who plot against me are seeking their own death .
i knew about the whole competitive smash '' thing for a long time however it did not interest me 'til i discovered gr 's top 10s .
did a fun animation project on the oculus for my senior show .
check it out https www.behance.net/gallery/30035621/vr-installation i 'm really looking for a way to embed the 360 video into the page and have the mouse control the pov but have no idea how to do this so if anyone has any ideas comments crits questions im open thanks .
i 'm going to hollywood on tuesday to be with fellow fans while i watch .
what 's the best place there or around dodger stadium to watch ?
i 've been doing some research on this and ca n't find a definitive answer .
does anyone have a working setup with an iptv provider like centurylink or at t with wmc ?
does this work and how is it set up ?
i was just notified that centurylink rolled out gigabit fiber to my neighborhood and their packages are very enticing .
currently a comcast subscriber running two htpcs with cablecard .
only thing holding me back from switching is i really do n't want to have to use a dvr from centurylink and would like to keep using my htpcs as dvrs especially since they 're not dedicated dvrs but use them for gaming and such too .
my setup is already full and i really do n't want to have to add an additional device nor pay the rental fees .
ordered some white vein maeng da about a week ago and it seems like everything is out of stock .
was wondering if anybody can shed some light on this .
i mean what 's the point of being the best '' ?
just because i steamroll uncoordinated teams and small groups of people ?
or maybe i just expose people 's connection to be superior than others for my own gain ?
i could be the best but i tell you this i most certainly would n't like the fame .
what 's the point of being the best '' ?
giving off commands to oppose other 's strategies like it 's on the back of my hand .
using my skill like it 's that of a rubber band .
as i mow the other team 's gate and break it without a single trace .
i could be the best i just do n't want to .
what 's the point of being the best '' ?
while i am good at qm i must boast i 'm much better at fighting 1 on 1 .
then it was host u/jtrjester host u/jtrjester and host .
what 's the point of being the best '' ?
if i ca n't do what i want to do ?
i play however i want to play no matter what the result .
what if i do n't want to listen to a monkey just for it 's own entertainment ?
if i feel like winning then i 'll listen .
whose wings are capable of freezing even the most well defended of warriors ?
if i do n't your rule what 's the worst that could happen ?
well if that what 's going to happen then this is okay .
what 's the point of being the best '' ?
what 's the point of having if you ca n't share it ?
the way alanzo describes crack addiction is 100 spot on .
did the shit for a year and a half before i found out i knocked a girl up .
she left me and i smoked rock until my daughter was born .
the moment i saw that little girl i cleaned myself up but it was hard a fuck .
this is for any of you that have a bucket list or thought about starting one .
if you had to pick what is the one thing on your bucket list that you have to do ?
ok so little background is i would rate my self as a addict level 9 out of 10 in the fact i struggle to quit i have not really gone into full hardcore porn or changed sex but have tried to quit many times before .
just wondering if i should do entire no masturbation as well which i have been doing to recover ?
my main reason to do this is because now i am single and i find new girls i cum super fast unless i sleep with them 10 or more times then i start to last longer i think porn has wired my brain that way .
so will not watching porn or masturbating help me after a few months with having sex with women or do i need to abstain ?
so i used to have this css for my userlookup that essentially emulated the way classic '' userlookups looked pre-viacom/conversion but i ca n't seem to find the code for it anywhere .
does anyone have the link to the petpage the codes were on/know someone who 's using this css ?
also i 'm loving the hatic layout looks great ! !
a week ago i asked how others ranked the track list on 1989 https www.reddit.com/r/taylorswift/comments/3nfbd5/in_what_order_would_you_rate_the_tracks_on_1989 and offered my own list .
i had the idea to calculate an average from the responses so here it is
sample size was 16 so do n't read too much into it ...
hello one and all my gamertag is long and obnoxious so just call me by my character name sharptooth .
i 'm here on behalf of a new guild being run by two gaming vets and we 're looking to get this guild off the ground .
our plan is to have a functioning guild that will hold weekly events in a variety of ways throughout the game and have a good deal of fun .
our focus will be primarily in the pve sector but there will be chapters to the guild that include pvp trading crafting and various other objectives available .
our name is blue drake mercs and we are stationed on the xbox one .
we 're currently looking for semi-active to fully active mature players .
if you have any questions or would like to apply please contact myself here via pm .
in your message please include your main characters name current level preferred play style and what you think you would add to our guild
we 're looking for administrative officers as well if that interests you please mention that in your application
i will reply as soon as possible and to all the applicants in the order that i receive them please be patient .
since you are currently offended you may now deposit your tears in the comment section .
edit1 the game freezes completely for several seconds if i transition to the main menu while in-game .
scene 114 the phantom charge corpse of the witch chapter 1
scene 119 the hatred 's cause and effect corpse of the witch end
august 31 7 posted by u/terminavelocity https www.reddit.com/r/watchinganime/comments/3j5yqt/claymore_volume_7 october 12|21
claymore manga follower list u/_shiki u/formativebrute u/gopherscout u/ifuckinglovekatara u/magnusarcanum u/theslowestpulse u/yokalli0 .
let me know if you want to be added !
i 've been reading around the web trying to understand this thing and have yet to come across a simple and succinct definition .
my name is patrick and i started a let 's play youtube channel https www.youtube.com/channel/ucex9oninzhbkhbcjnkredvw a while ago but just recently started doing something different .
i am featuring dogs at the end of my videos in order to help spread awareness of unwanted and neglected dogs .
i am still a very small channel but i want to grow it into a large community of people that want to help these dogs .
i would love for anyone to check out my channel videos and if possible subscribe .
please check out this video https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=sd_hc0yogqo and this one https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=7q2er5wx4wm for more information .
i know the internet is very touchy and i 'm sorry if i offended anyone or any rules .
tl dr i started a lets play channel that spreads awareness about kill shelter dogs please check it out .
hi i was told to post here from r/networking and i need help connecting a pc with a shared printer .
i have made a diagram on what is the current network layout here .
as you can see the pc with printer is connected to router 2 in which receives its internet on router 1 resulting in a different gateway between 2 stations .
the pc can ping the laptop but the laptop can not ping the pc .
alice and bob are playing a coin flipping game .
on each turn they both flip a fair coin .
alice wins the game if she flips heads two turns in a row while bob wins if he flips heads on one turn then tails on the next .
if they both meet their winning condition on the same turn e.g .
alice flips thh on the first three turns and bob flips hht they start over from the beginning .
assuming they play until one of them wins what is the probability that alice wins the game ?
i already know the answer i wo n't spoil it here and i know at least two ways to find it
construct the matrix for the state-machine representing all the states of the system e.g. start alice wins bob wins alice rolls h and bob rolls t etc .
compute the limit of that matrix to the power n and apply it to the vector representing start .
but the first approach requires a computer and the second involves some hairy linear algebra so i find them each unsatisfying .
can anyone find a more elegant solution to this problem ?
mostly breedjects but one with perfect 5iv moxie and one with perfect 5iv hyper cutter .
a few with imperfect 5ivs both moxie and moldbreaker and a few with 4ivs .
looking for breedjects pokemon with synchronize and various natures lvl100 teddiursa with pickup and earthquake etc .
just starting out in pokemon so feel free to offer advice as well .
i 've been looking for a physical keyboard for my ipad and realized that there is one in the official apple website that i do n't recognize .
just under quicktype '' in the keyboard shortcuts '' section .
hey gang i 'm looking for a nice rgb led controller that works on 12v and that dosent look and feel like it was made in a 3rd world shit hole by a nine year old .
i know oracle lights and oznium make some good gear but when looking at there controllers it seems like they both use the same manufacture and it 's no different than what you can find on ebay or amazon for 1/8th the price .
so any one have any knowledge experience info or wisdom to drop ?
there is nothing new it is called rubriqu. https www.reddit.com/r/fifthworldpoetry/comments/15xx6y/there_is_nothing_new_it_is_called_rubriqu ?
working on a project and would love any advice that you can give !
looking for scenes like all of me http www.xvideos.com/video10163360/riley_reid_-_all_of_me '' with riley reid which is in-cred-ible .
hi been using ynab for about 4 months now .
put in all my data at the beginning and have been using it religiously to track all my expenses and income .
weirdly even though i 've been budgeting money separately for my emergency fund and savings goal i 'm still losing money each month for reasons i can not easily discern .
i 'll budget to 0 for each paycheck making sure that the emergency fund is full and that my savings goal is paid into and that all bills with actual outflows are allocated for but i 'm still losing money overall .
i had a dream where i got to choose from the hero pool divided by radiant and dire heroes .
u get to choose the side in option saying radiant or dire.where u can only pick hero from those sides .
remember those days when heroes were divided in dota .
i 'll be editing this faq as often as i can in the next patch i 'll add a previous patch '' section to move the current patch faq i guess .
if your concern can not be found here please do head to the questions and help thread conveniently linked right below the banner at the main page of this sub
in depth guides links will be posted though ... probably
how hard is trial x4 ag easier than x3 in terms of rng it 's basically a damage race and attempting to skip thresholds the almighty gazia has .
quick threshold reference by a certain magical cake https www.reddit.com/r/bravefrontier/comments/3ob7s1/sunday_october_11th_questions_help_thread_have/cvvp1i6 4 .
i want to get my gazia ag please refer to the links ga 1 .
quick threshold reference by a certain magical cake https www.reddit.com/r/bravefrontier/comments/3ob7s1/sunday_october_11th_questions_help_thread_have/cvvouf6 3 .
ag shs has been going up in the latter half of the month or near/at the end of honor points up wait patiently .
ag double kira spark/hadaron/any dark units that hit hard ga
how do i make my leader unit in frontier gate attack first ?
ag create a team play a quest before you go to frontier gate setting the unit you want to go first as the leader for that quest .
note that this unit does n't need to lead in the frontier gate just the one you want to go first ga
regular and conversion buffs towards the same stat will still stack with each other but two of the same kinds will be overwritten by the newer exampe 100 def 50 rec def will stack but 50 rec def and 50 atk def wo n't because they both buff def .
i just did quest/gc/ggc/trial and it said that the server was unavailable what happened ?
ag that means the content is currently bugged it 's generally advised to avoid said content for awhile .
my ui in the raid section is bugging out/causing the game to crash what happened ?
ag there 's an apparent bug when transitioning from mobilize screen to the mission map that causes you to receive the unexpected error has occurred notice as well as empty lists should entering a room you chose fail .
i just tried fusing and my game closed/crashed ... ag you most likely tried to fuse something into ga nick http bravefrontierglobal.wikia.com/wiki/raging_nick he is currently causing crashes or forced closure of the app as far as i know there 's no known fix for it .
but do note that fusions will still happen along with the crash it might be tedious but you can still level him up ga
is anyone else experiencing their bf opening facebook/fb page instead of logging in through the app ... ag it 's currently happening i have not seen a solution if you have one please do message me ga na
in the imperial capital the summoner 's hall administration office keeps saying new am i missing something ?
ag it 's a visual bug supposedly even if nothing is new you 'll see the new notice ga
when i try to summon it does n't show me the gate and instead the unit right away ... what happened ?
ag there seems to be a bug for some people that skips the gate and shows the unit immediately there does n't seem to be any downsides to this so do n't worry ga
why are n't my medal rush runs counting towards rc 1/2/3/4 completion count ?
ag medal rush quests are currently counting towards rc6 missions ga
why did everyone in my raid team only receive 1 star and 0 contribution ... . ?
ag there 's a current bug with all global exclusive raids or more commonly called x raids in which it does not record contribution .
ag new data someone has commented below that the game does count contribution but simply does n't show it on the results screen and can be seen from the varying rewards of zel and karma can anyone else test this out ?
tg x1 raids http bravefrontierglobal.wikia.com/wiki/raid x1 and x2 raids http bravefrontierglobal.wikia.com/wiki/raid x2
i picked raid to fight but instead i 'm fighting ... what happened ?
ag can anyone confirm if this is still present ? some raid quests are currently bugged and shifted in order use the pictures as reference to the boss you need to fight instead of the quest title/number ga na
when i set a password and disable join midway to my raid room people still join midway somehow how are they joining ?
ag currently the new quick join feature bypasses any setting be it disabled join midway passwords level limits etc .
why does it say members 4 when there 's only 1 person inside ... ag in one of the recent patches rooms were bugged to show members 4 all the time despite the true number of members inside a raid room .
this bug includes players seeing quick join only rooms when they search .
i ca n't find the boss/target designated for my raid quest where is it ?
ag certain quests right now are bugged and the designated monster ca n't be found this seems to be the case for mostly targets that do n't appear as boss '' on the map and require multiple ones to be taken down such as the raid quest get to the gate '' if you know other quests bugged like this please do pm or comment me .
i served as an abh and now in the middle of processing out .
im having a really hard time finding a job i am qualified for other than a waiter at applebees .
i pre-ordered the game because i really do believe this is a unique take on release platforms and i support anything that is n't straight ripping you off .
that being said i 'm really excited to play the beta does anyone have a ballpark estimate oh when it 'll be out ?
once upon a time at frosty winter night little sparrow got frozen and fell on the ground .
she put a huge pile of shit on the sparrow .
she grabbed him out of shit and ate him .
if somebody put you in shit maybe he is not your enemy .
if somebody took you out of shit maybe he is not your friend .
if you are in shit shut the fuck up and do n't tweet .
does anyone use the default music app that comes with the stock android ?
i usually use itunes so i 'm not familar with how to import music from a youtube converted mp3 into the phone .
when u get ranked in sotf where do you get your trophy from ?
i got 2nd and i cant find a trophy anywhere and i want to test the trophy-base ... ok i got killed by a meganeura-mass-attack ... xd but 2nd is 2nd isnt it ?
i have experienced an odd bug very similar to nasus 's bug where he gets a super slow aa after casting q and canceling aa .
i have experienced this with yas a couple of times and was wondering if anyone else had noticed it as well .
okay so i 've literally never used reddit before so i hope i 'm doing this right !
i recently picked up this game and found myself enjoying it i 've spent some money picking up cards and the like and i 've tried to make my own deck .
i 'm hoping i could get some opinions on it and maybe some advice .
i do n't think i could say this deck has a specific thing ''
it has control it has burn and it has some monsters that can get pretty cheap quickly and they are all flying .
so the basic premise it 's a straight red deck the idea is a combination of the volcano and the realm of the dragon king makes it very difficult for many of the monsters to get on the field for the opponent while letting my monsters except for the egg free harmless reign all of them being flyers in-case some monsters get on the field before i can get my firewall '' down heh
dragon kings roar for some board clear demon flames for instant cast one cost burns for anything that survives the fire wall and lots of direct damage spells while preventing healing and flying monsters makes it very hard to fight back the best part is draig getting cheaper if monsters are killed a combo in my mind is to have an egg in my hand a firewall on the field and two or three draigs in my hand if i can just put the egg on the feild have it sent to the grave yard and then search out another egg i can thin out the deck and then drop one-cost draigs on the feild i mean it costs 5 mana to begin with so i 'd need 7 mana and at least two draig 's in my hand to make it worth it .
i mean there 's probably other plays as well but those are the ones i can think of off the top of my head just making the deck i 'm sure it has weaknesses namely someone mucking up my firewall and i 'm open to suggestions also it has no way of protecting my own cards but that 's a red deck for you i 'm told
trivia edit i 've decided to nickname the deck by fire be purged '' d
well as the title says i ca n't find a movie i think it was the first porn i ever saw .
it might be a 90 's or early 2000 's movie .
the plot was an agency who was offering services to lonely housewives i can remember the first scene is a threesome and there is a scene in the middle of the movie with a guy meeting a sporty shorthaired lady by a swimming pool first she tries to make him do sport but he told her is not here for that draw out his dick and she goes all oh my god she 's so beautiful '' etc and go for the blowjob then they fuck on the stairs of the house still close to the pool and when the guys has finished she tell him to go by grabbing a sword and hitting him on the ass he jumps in the pool and that 's all i can remember no actress names or something else sorry
hope you will help me guys thank you in advance o
to join add your gamertag to the game lobby here https www.the100.io/quick_join/t3mjpxezaio https www.the100.io/quick_join/t3mjpxezaio
or you can reply to me here on reddit .
i 'll send invites on a first come first serve basis .
you can also use the chat on the game lobby page to communicate with me .
i 'm looking over the two ableton compressors i have and i do n't really see any way of doing this .
basically i 'd like to be able to feed a compressor some audio input and then have the compressor 's response to that control whatever parameters i want it to instead of only controlling audio amplitude like normal .
i think this could make for some interesting effects .
anyone have any ideas how this could be set up ?
maybe i 'm crazy but this helps me a lot ...
this is a repost from r/nexus as i really need answers very quickly !
so my order of the nexus 6p went to shit .
sorry for the typing put i 'm in a rush .
the one i want is available on the huawei website
the huawei site has tax added to the purchase .
i cant check because i dont live in the us .
from the huawei site the total cost with tax is 600usd .
i heard last years nexus 6 restocked in january .
if i choose to wait for google and the huawei site runs out of stock will i wait a long ass time ?
so i noticed that when you auto hide the windows taskbar the youtube player becomes the same size https cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/92046169185734656/103030116946284544/ijjet5j.png as the theater player .
but i do n't want my taskbar to auto hide and without it the player is very small https cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/92046169185734656/103030253852557312/dyipx9z.png i 'd use theater mode but i do n't care for how it centers the video and puts the suggestions bar under the video .
anyone know how i can have a big player and keep my taskbar ?
hey i figured this would get buried in r/dccomics so i 'm posting it here .
anyone here familiar with ben percy 's book red moon '' ?
the book is all about how an unknown pathogen causes werewolf like symptoms people being doped and isolated and how they are discriminated against .
yes i am aware ben percy wrote both but it 's disheartening that he is recycling the same story .
granted red moon was fantastic i 'm really hoping he does more to differentiate the ga arc and the book .
i was looking to maybe add a goodra or a gengar but if any of you redditors out there have advice do n't hesitate to give feedback
hi guys my old man has asked me to build him a 4k pc which he will largely use for photo editing .
due to lack of money and an excess of children it 's been a while since i 've built a pc .
i put a spec together below but i 'm unsure of whether it will suit his needs .
so shall i go with the skylake cpu or stick with a haswell ?
i though it would be good so i could put ddr4 in but would i be better with a higher frequency ddr3 ?
i wondered if it was the best route as my dad wants to retire in a couple of years so wants something that will last and he can use for a few years and only have to upgrade certain bits rather than a complete overhaul in a couple of years .
also this is just for the pc he said he would sort the monitor .
i need to virtualize an sbs 2008 r2 to esxi .
but the problem is that the c drive is not recognized .
i see in the logs that the hdd is found but no volumes are found .
2015-10-12t11:51:49.155+02:00 20036 info 'default ' could not find the session object cache will create a new one 2015-10-12t11:51:49.155+02:00 20036 info 'default ' found hard disk '\.\physicaldrive0 ' 2015-10-12t11:51:49.155+02:00 20036 info 'default ' found hard disk '\.\physicaldrive1 ' 2015-10-12t11:51:49.155+02:00 20036 warning 'default ' device is usb firewire sd or mmc .\physicaldrive2 2015-10-12t11:51:49.155+02:00 20036 warning 'default ' skipping hard disk '\.\physicaldrive2 ' 2015-10-12t11:51:49.155+02:00 20036 info 'default ' found volume with name ? volume 9a0cb85d-5f95-11e1-becd-806e6f6e6963 '' 2015-10-12t11:51:49.155+02:00 20036 info 'default ' found volume with name ? volume 1da23f49-0c74-11e2-987f-2c768a555733 '' 2015-10-12t11:51:49.155+02:00 20036 info 'default ' found volume with name ? volume e9cca624-6d25-11e5-87dc-2c768a555730 '' 2015-10-12t11:51:49.155+02:00 20036 warning 'default ' device is usb firewire sd or mmc .\physicaldrive2 2015-10-12t11:51:49.155+02:00 20036 warning 'default ' skipping hard disk '\.\physicaldrive2 ' 2015-10-12t11:51:49.155+02:00 20036 info 'default ' disk .\physicaldrive0 has adapter type 8 .
defaulting to scsi 2015-10-12t11:51:49.155+02:00 20036 info 'default ' disk .\physicaldrive1 has adapter type 8 .
defaulting to scsi 2015-10-12t11:51:49.155+02:00 20036 info 'default ' found volume with name ? volume 9a0cb85d-5f95-11e1-becd-806e6f6e6963 '' 2015-10-12t11:51:49.155+02:00 20036 info 'default ' found volume with name ? volume 1da23f49-0c74-11e2-987f-2c768a555733 '' 2015-10-12t11:51:49.155+02:00 20036 info 'default ' found volume with name ? volume e9cca624-6d25-11e5-87dc-2c768a555730 ''
the term criminal tribes act cta applies to various successive pieces of legislation enforced in india during british rule the first enacted in 1871 as the criminal tribes act 1871 applied mostly in north india .
the act was extended to bengal presidency and other areas in 1876 and finally with the criminal tribes act 1911 it was extended to madras presidency as well .
the act went through several amendments in the next decade and finally the criminal tribes act 1924 incorporated all of them .
see other wikipedia page of the day http se.reddit.com/r/indianews/search ? q=flair 3awikipedia amp amp amp amp amp amp amp amp amp amp amp amp amp amp amp amp amp amp amp amp amp amp amp amp amp amp amp amp amp amp amp amp amp amp amp amp amp amp amp amp amp amp amp amp amp amp amp amp amp amp amp amp amp amp amp amp amp amp amp amp amp amp amp amp amp amp restrict_sr=on posts on r/indianews
hey guys this is my first ever lore/speculation video .
i hope you can give me your feedback i 'm still learning the ropes
our studies at university college london have shown that the cerebellum can predict sensations when your own movement causes them but not when someone else does .
when you try to tickle yourself the cerebellum predicts the sensation and this prediction is used to cancel the response of other brain areas to the tickle .
i need to virtualize an sbs 2008 r2 to esxi .
but the problem is that the c drive is not recognized .
i see in the logs that the hdd is found but no volumes are found .
2015-10-12t11:51:49.155+02:00 20036 info 'default ' could not find the session object cache will create a new one
2015-10-12t11:51:49.155+02:00 20036 warning 'default ' device is usb firewire sd or mmc .\physicaldrive2
2015-10-12t11:51:49.155+02:00 20036 info 'default ' found volume with name ? volume 9a0cb85d-5f95-11e1-becd-806e6f6e6963 ''
2015-10-12t11:51:49.155+02:00 20036 info 'default ' found volume with name ? volume 1da23f49-0c74-11e2-987f-2c768a555733 ''
2015-10-12t11:51:49.155+02:00 20036 info 'default ' found volume with name ? volume e9cca624-6d25-11e5-87dc-2c768a555730 ''
2015-10-12t11:51:49.155+02:00 20036 warning 'default ' device is usb firewire sd or mmc .\physicaldrive2
2015-10-12t11:51:49.155+02:00 20036 info 'default ' disk .\physicaldrive0 has adapter type 8 .
2015-10-12t11:51:49.155+02:00 20036 info 'default ' disk .\physicaldrive1 has adapter type 8 .
2015-10-12t11:51:49.155+02:00 20036 info 'default ' found volume with name ? volume 9a0cb85d-5f95-11e1-becd-806e6f6e6963 ''
2015-10-12t11:51:49.155+02:00 20036 info 'default ' found volume with name ? volume 1da23f49-0c74-11e2-987f-2c768a555733 ''
2015-10-12t11:51:49.155+02:00 20036 info 'default ' found volume with name ? volume e9cca624-6d25-11e5-87dc-2c768a555730 ''
anyone else have a problem where the headphones slide out easily and are not locked in place anymore ?
hi guys there is a farm near mine that is demolished in few days i 'd like to know if it is possible to exactely know it there will be enough space for a 24x24 farmhouse or if i have to buy the small house .
hey guys i 'm trying to find a way to get map name team scores and players name steam ids and team from matchmaking demos but i 've been running into a lot of problems .
i first tried the jsgo node module but it 's outdated and really buggy .
so now i 'm left with parsing the csgo .info file that comes along with the demo but i have no idea how.. can anyone point me in the right direction ?
this project started up as my personal tool for games .
i lost too much time after going to base and looking up guides for items .
but after showing it to my friends they liked it and said i should publish this .
after some polishing and improving it i finally announce it 's first version is done and i want your help for testing .
anyway this app detects what champion you are playing and provides the statistically best item and skill builds for that champion .
stats are taken from champion.gg ' s latest patch .
without further ado let me give you the link .
download quick helper for lol https play.google.com/store/apps/details ? id=com.mts.quickllolhelper .
please test it out and tell me what features you would want next .
edit it only shows your current game 's champion data .
you need to be in a game to use that .
i find it a bit strange that the exotic chest piece for titans give them an evade for all classes and the hunter can have shade step only active with the exotic helmet on the nightstalker .
enjoy the little things in life for one day you 'll look back and realize they were the big things . ''
i 'd love to finally have a grey and white/black cape .
she looks like she 's looking at an art piece or something .
what of redditors do you think understand even basic economics ?
not to downplay this issue but at your age i did n't know exactly what i wanted either .
granted i did n't know what transition even was .
how do you feel about getting older and not going through male puberty ?
that was one of the things that really got to be a problem as i got older .
did you use one kinect or the dual setup ?
how much clean-up did it take to get it to this point ?
here 's something i picked up not long ago it was a steal for like 25 it 's the limited edition version http imgur.com/xpoa9fb
i love meeting real life action heroes like you in the wild .
she does n't anymore now they 're sharing and i think corey 's still fighting for more ?
she said it on the fb q a she did a couple weeks ago .
i 'm just sad that corey 's had to fight so hard/long .
kuddos on the promotion from bag boy to cashier .
now if you did n't knock up the head cheerleader leader you could have ended up at an ivy league school date raping co-ed 's
play on an unoffical server official servers are a joke
it seems to be a custom parallax plugin that apple created .
the laptop is a video which you can see here
the element with the class herointro '' is what you 're looking for and if you do a search for that class here http images.apple.com/v/macbook/c/scripts/overview.built.js then you 'll get an idea of what 's going on .
as you scroll the frames of the video are slowly moving forward .
official magic eye books use the converge method rather than the cross method .
it would make sense if there was some sort of preview right around the 1-year anniversary of lok completing book 4 in december .
but yeah if the tla comics follow a pattern of previews/release dates then the lok comics will likely be the same .
at least mike bryan and britteny have plenty of time to work carefully on it .
i personally ca n't wait to see how mike develops and writes the story .
tla comics have never been directly written by mike or bryan just consulting so it 's really getting me excited to see bryke directly developing these comics .
they are both smart to do this since it pretty much guarantees they will both be closely involved with the avatar universe for at least another 2-3 years .
as gronk0 said make an educated guess as to what you need .
i 'd suggest starting with an m4.large and seeing how it performs .
if you need more cpu go for a c3 or c4 instance .
if you need more ram go for a r3 .
if you need both go for a larger m4 .
if you need less then a t2 may do .
are you running the app on something else now either in house or another provider ?
if so post the specs and how it performs .
that way we can give an idea of what ec2 instances most closely match what you have .
i will say after helping move several webapps to ec2 that most people way overspec their requirements .
while ec2 is not the fastest service in the world it does perform quite well .
i 'm personally in charge of several websites that run very well on t2 instances with performance to spare .
well its only right considering how many missed pi calls there were .
your patch analysis posts are just trolling this sub .
he tries to make it worth more money by saying its first print '' .. lol
i do wish to point out the issue with regulating emotion is impulse control related we are n't neurotic people though .
rather than an issue with impulse control it sounds more like a problem with emotional regulation ...
i am not saying this is the case and i am not a professional but it is possible .
most people tell me to just hold out for piyoel without actually telling me why .
im tempted to go for dbs since piyoel is 2 patches away and dark essences are such a pain to farm .
a verdade é muito mais sutil e complexa do que pepsi utiliza fetos na produção de adoçantes '' faz parecer .
uma célula clonada não tinha possibilidade de ser um ser vivo .
já um bebê é um ser vivo e auto-consciente .
o proverbial cu nada tem a ver com as calças .
a desonestidade é ainda mais gritante na afirmação sobre a inquisição .
but i get where you 're going with the addicts '' remark .
i 'm a daneaxe fighter myself so i 'm interested in any other videos that turn up .
i should have used flair for a single comment so you would know its full history rather than having to ask ?
jesus you must be a pain to everyone around you
from what i understand mother teresa was a lying opportunistic royal cunt who was pretty evil and did little to actually help anyone but herself .
yea actually looks like this is common knowledge now which is nice .
now i got ta play firework everytime kap throws the ball .
it 's definitely too early to say if the playerbase is declining as f2p is only a week old so there 's still a lot of hype around the game .
play for a month and then it will be possible to tell if the game will live or die .
from what i 've seen and i 've been playing since head start a year ago the server is much much more populated than it has been in months .
being in favor of gun control is progressive not liberal .
and yes but nsaids dont work for my migraines .
i keep the amount i take down because of the rebound risk despite that i previously took them continuously stopped and the headaches continued so i doubt i ever had rebounds
i 'm choosing the devil i know at the moment .
i have to do well in school and i know how to deal with a migraine .
i do not know how to deal with side effects of random drugs .
ive had too many failures and too many horrible side effects to go back to trying to find a preventative .
it feels like i started reading this just yesterday .
i never said anything about tsm being better than clg .
i never used to understand how some people seem to go through a 400 paddle in just a few years but it makes pretty good sense now .
to get a paddle that big and meaty you have to pay either with a lot of extra weight or short life .
at a glance i would n't expect this to last very long at all .
on the other hand that dynel edging is a large part of why premium wood paddles hold up so well .
maybe it will last longer than the typical carbon blade .
i 'd still expect it to be pretty susceptible to a crack or puncture but for good performance it might be worth having to spend a paycheck a year on paddles .
i 'd put an extra layer of fiberglass around the edges to preserve it a bit and that 's already chipping through pretty substantially .
i do n't quite recall how long i 've had it either one year or two ... not sure ... but i would really prefer the next paddle last longer .
there are still some who would make plans in advance .
such an awkward movement though how practical is it in a real life scenario ? ''
queue for kessels as your skirmish salvage farming dungeon p i can pretty much solo it now its pretty cruisy .
yeah there are ton of different companies that do that sadly itt 'd be almost impossible to do that ... .
if you get time to review one of my games would greatly appreciate it .
silver iv adc op.gg http na.op.gg/summoner/username=979f any of the recent trist games losses would be good .
i hit a loss streak today after a win streak.. which happens a lot and i lose games even though i am doing good in the game or i have a cs advantage and i do n't know what i should have done to turn it into a win .
anything you can advise me to focus on improving other than the obvious cs better '' from watching one a replay or two would help me thank you .
do n't you know the sec sucks and is overrated and is covered by all the networks because of the sec bias ?
please read this message in its entirety before taking action .
your post has been removed as it either violated rule 1 http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_1 or rule 2 http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_2 .
please check that your post does n't contain the following issues
your own answer to the question goes in the comments as a reply to your own post .
your post will not be approved unless your own answer is removed from the text box .
you must post a clear and direct question and only the question in your title .
your post ca n't be specific to your situation or involve a story .
please make sure to depersonalize your question and remove any unnecessary context before posting it again .
use the text box to explain your question if necessary but do not use it to share an answer add unnecessary context to the question or include your personal story .
as the submitter any answers or stories go in the comments section as a reply to the post .
this is to allow for users to distinguish between the question being asked and the submitter 's answer when voting .
please note once posted the titles can not be edited .
if your title breaks the rules please feel free to make a new post that fits within the rules .
when you 've removed the answer or unnecessary context from the textbox message the mods for review and reapproval http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2faskreddit subject=post+review+request message=my+post+was+removed+under+rule+1 please+review 3a 0d 0a 0d 0ahttp 3a 2f 2fwww.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/3oemav/serious_what_is_the_difference_between_social and ask the moderators to re-approve it .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
haythem knew all of these things long before the splash of parasaur piss woke him on the ark 's southern shore .
though the memories of his past were barred from him it did not hold him back from thriving in his new future .
whether it be running the island 's sun-splashed thickets hunting it 's pre-historic beasts or splaying out on it 's beaches haythem has never felt more at home .
i would bend her over a barrel and show her the 16 states .
i think that 's more form breaking down at higher weights i remember seeing a video of apti doing reps with something like 170 from the hang and his arms are pretty much straight as can be .
they are very social animals with complex social structures and do n't do well when placed in the size equivalent of a swimming pool .
i mean a field goal from the 1 has what a 98 chance ?
if he 's in russia he was probably in the middle of saying fuck your mother ... yoob tvau mat '
loads really slowly if at all then does n't repeat them .
the youtube app pops up and starts the video in a jiffy .
powerpc and other risc architectures are far better than x86 .
ibm and motorola tried pushing powerpc for pcs in the 90s but microsoft crushed them by not making windows for native powerpc .
linux is perfect for everything and it supports powerpc .
games and windows-only software could be run in a windows emulator .
powerpc cpus today are so much faster than intel 's x86 trash that an windows in a x86 emulator would run without any issues .
risc vs cisc is an irrelvant argument nowadays and it 's been that way since 2000 across the industry possibly earlier because any high-performance core is using a superscalar out of order design which requires even simpler internal instructions than you can get out of risc designs .
the result is that the cpu decode stage is a massively complex beast that turns each instruction into a series of micro-ops for internal execution units to run then the retire block reassembles the results into results for the os es .
as for windows once upon a time windows supported mips and alpha with internal builds for powerpc .
later on itanium epic/vliw architecture vs the usual risc/cisc supoport was added then discontinued .
nowadays it 's x86 and arm with mips basically running on routers and other embedded devices .
mips failed because they never scaled up in perf ppc moved away from desktop when the g5 chips apple used became too hot and power8 is still hotter than competing designs for that matter itanium failed because amd64/em64t/x86_64/x64 came around and now arm is trying real hard to catch up but still ca n't match compute density power and space of x86 without resorting to distributed system design which is really hard for most applications .
like it or not x86 right now is possibly the most flexible architecture being able to power everything from iot things to beefy 8-cpu boxes that can go head to head to big 8-cpu power8 boxes .
if you have n't played new leaf i would absolutely recommend it .
i 've played all the ac games and new leaf is the ultimate version in my opinion .
ca n't believe that is still on the air .
castle was good a bit but the plots got way too predictable and the show lost all impact .
nathan fillion was the only good part about that show though if i think back .
he looks up from the hole in the arena you are standing in
yes only chance of staying in the series was breaking up a dp .
injury occured and everyone lost there minds but this play has resulted in injuries before with no headlines .
barcelona surprised me out of the euro cities i 've been to .
it 's alive ... best way i can describe it .
music food beautiful women and just a living breathing city .
haha yea that 's what i was getting at .
you definitely should n't expect to be able to do 5x5 at the same weight your were doing 3x5 so you will need to drop the weight slightly perfectly normal .
the 'we are the future ' one kind of creeps me out actually .
measure theory makes me feel like a 5 year old .
saying what you think the character you 've created would say out of the given choices .
i do n't see how this setup hinders rping aside from limiting you to 4 responses instead of 7 or so like previous games .
try it and i guarantee batman will stop you .
i have both netflix and hulu to share with you in exchange for hbo go
here is what the linked meme says in case it is blocked at your school/work or is unavailable for any reason
post title cousin walked into a stairwell and wondered why the air conditioning was so strong ...
my problem will be to figure out what to use that money for .
so far the best thing i can think of is to spend 60 of it so i can use a coupon for online wine delivery you get 100 off but have to buy 160 to qualify .
i 'm feeling a little conflicted about celebrating full ownership of my car by buying booze though .
remember when it was 2-0 bruins and all was good in the world ?
nowhere that carries nyx in my area is ever properly stocked .
i 've been looking for the new soft matte lip cream colors for over a year now new '' yet none of the 4 targets in my area were ever updated with the new stock aside from which they ca n't even maintain the original stock the lipsticks are almost always empty .
whoever is in charge of nj distribution for nyx you suck .
the community server browser has a fair amount of 10 slot casual-competitive servers you could check out .
undervaluing yourself is just as bad as overvaluing yourself .
if you 're going to be instrumental in building the product from the ground up with the other developer you need a very good chunk of equity .
they can call you employee 0 or whatever but the way you should be looking at this is that you 're taking equity and no salary even if they say you 'll eventually be getting a salary .
talk is cheap and so is equity at a nothing-stage startup .
i think 15-25 equity would be pretty standard depending on the level of your involvement .
why is every newbie who i want to help on ps4 ...
it 's become the hate-flavor of the week to hate on muslims and far too many people seem to think it 's okay to advocate bombing an entire religion off the planet .
if you do n't agree with islam or even find it abhorrent as a religion that 's your bag and that 's totally okay .
but calling for violence against a group you do n't agree with is just heinous .
we are not freaks and that 's kind of a shitty thing to post here .
when you put yourself down because of your stutter you 're putting all of us down too .
i 've never gotten the sense that america was in any hurry to see the conflict end .
he was so sneaky that he scored while they were busy looking for him
it 's very common in artists i see it all the time .
they get hooked on a particular design of a face and draw it over and over again a 100 million times and become complacent
i think we could actually use flashlights on weapons for close range searching and general fighting and the nvg for when you need absolute overview of your surroundings when on the run and fighting people while you are using a long range weapon as long as they do n't blend you all the while remembering that you ca n't use your nvg goggles forever because of the batteries restriction .
one of the most poignant things about this video is the bit where you can see the dashboard and you can see the fuel gauge is right down at empty and the fuel light is on .
if they 'd run out of fuel they would be alive today .
i think my biggest beef is the lack of him wolverine and captain marvel .
i mean we ca n't be policing '' the whole city .
tbh rebecca did n't deserve top 3 ru just forgot she was there
exactly that 's why they are everything wrong with the world !
my mother actually stepped in and taught a special advanced math class for the smart kids in my class .
if she did n't do that we would probably not have done so well .
portugal vs wales ronaldo vs bale its a sure matchup .
gg bears fans travel to various cities and stimulate the economy .
people argue the weirdest most pedantic things on reddit .
i 'll let her know your opinion on the matter the next time i talk to her .
you missed the latest addition to the haiku collab but 9/10 anyways .
ca n't remember the player i think it was dyson ... ..bit was lifted off the bag with a tag and was called out
ime verizon cdma have the best building penetration and overall metro area coverage followed by att gsm .
sprint cdma was dog shit when i was with them .
i 'm on straight talk with att sim currently .
i plan on switching to a verizon sim when i upgrade my phone hoping they have more reliable coverage in my neighborhood .
the astros royals game wo n't be over before 4 on fs1 .
if you end the puzzle so that you have 2 pieces in the bottom right corner that need reversed simply log out and retry it .
its like this on osrs and rs3 as well you literally get to the point of it not being a solvable puzzle even if you use a puzzle solver .
saying that i 've only had to reset '' the puzzle due to this bug a couple times yes its annoying but if you end up stuck like i said just relog and try again .
thanks i 'm thinking its the psu too and the original website i used for the parts list which suggested 300w was just wrong .
when i try the newegg psu selector it says 420w is needed for my parts list .
the biggest wattage i can find that will fit a mini-itx case is 450w so i 'll give that a try .
got bioschock infinite for 1 you still can look up golden joy stick award and the game is great so far 10/10 would pay 1 again .
if there were basically three makes of cars in widespread production then i would agree with your analogy .
linux is a series of small incremental changes to previous designs the exact same way a 3d printer is .
there is huge innovation in just about every aspect of linux .
thanks for taking the time to explain it and teach a stranger something makes perfect sense
seeing any kind of political based bumper sticker whether its something i agree with or not
well he deserves to be in it or at least is up there with the candidates .
on the other hand david luiz and alves have not deserved it in the past .
so don should have to pay for a lawyer and file a law suit in order to protect his name ?
because innocent until proven guilty only counts when it 's convenient for your argument ?
great i ca n't wait for the manga chapter where kyouko and ayano s spend time at the movies ''
i 'm guessing it 's taking a while because of copy abilities .
if you are located in the us it sounds like the company would have a very difficult time justifying classifying you as a contractor if it enforced those rules particularly around showing up 9-5 .
misclassification is a pretty big problem and one of the criteria the irs uses to decide if you are legitimately an independent contractor is to what degree you control how/when/where you do your job .
ianal but if your client is telling you to be physically present in an office from 9 to 5 and to use a specific tech stack that sounds like an employee relationship to me .
i have done a fair amount of software freelancing in the past and have never had an environment like the one you describe .
that being said i would generally include the tech stack for a contract within the agreed-upon scope of work and delivering something written in a totally different stack would be a breach of contract for sure .
me3 came out two and a half years ago .
i really doubt we 're going to see a goty edition unless they do a remastered version of the trilogy in an updated engine after mass effect andromeda is released .
i think all my clock postcards are allocated but i can send you a handmade one instead ?
the hard part about this is that eveybody wants to give these silly ultimatums .
and if you say that money leagues are n't fun i beg to differ ... you do n't do fantasy nascar if you do n't enjoy nascar and do n't think it 's fun purely because money is involved .
and leaving is exactly what the commissioner never wants to hear .
on one side he 's got a douche owner who will quit at the drop of the hat because the commish is trying to do what is right .
on the other hand if the commish does n't fix the problem the owner he was trying to help might quit .
damned if you do damned if you do n't .
there are certainly better ways to handle the situation and we can use this as a learning point .
if the commissioner is asked to keep an eye on a roster due to no internet access or whatever then an announcement should be made to the league stating as such .
i would even go as far as to announce the intention to start a guy who is potentially injured but will substitute in another guy if he 's a scratch .
this way there are no questions as to what is expected to happen .
we do n't know if this actually occured however but saying you 'd just outright quit without knowing the full story is again childish .
your job as a commish is to keep the fun rolling and the owners happy so that they do n't pull childish stunts or quit next year because it 's not fun .
this guy says it 's super unfair to retroactively change a roster .
i would agree if it was a guy that was probable and did n't end up playing or if a perfectly healthy guy was traded for a higher point scorer .
it was clear and obvious he was n't going to play .
now if no announcement was made at all of the owner being away i think the switch is unfair .
i absolutely would n't go so far as to just cry foul and leave the league .
i would take the high road and state my case and wait for results .
at that point i would address my decision for any type of action based on said results .
and still probably would n't leave the league unless something else was happening parallel to these events that gave me a really bad feeling about the commish himself because all can conclude that had the guy not been in mexico then luck would n't have been in the slot .
let 's get real and fair not try to be douches to each other .
i purposely did that star without using wall kicks because screw the rules .
then it gets treated as any other sub for your purposes
he gave his number i did n't text him anything yet.. keep in mind this was friday night and i do n't really know what to text p i am possibly procastinating dating ?
balmung is n't an 'endgame ' server in any sense of the word .
there are pockets of hardcore/mediumcore raiders to be sure i 'm one myself .
pf is always active but it may take a little extra commitment to filling a group for things like the ex primals .
live like i ca n't afford to do anything i ca n't
take rest of bsn prerequisites over next fall and spring
yes they can talk beforehand to discuss a strategy .
once they start flipping coins though no communication is allowed .
it 's all in good fun and i do n't get pissy when people do it to me .
he might not have destroyed all of humanity because of his love for his sister and her kindness though from his perspective we honestly deserve it .
looking over my sequencing results and comparing the tumor/non-tumor samples .
jinx cait ezreal varus if you 're good with him and know how to play when you get countered ashe does ok with bard .
with the whole giants fighting giants and the wall .
shows on tlc are the main reason i still have cable .
she is so honestly forgiving that it makes me want to never have to take advantage of it for something serious .
it 's what happened to me when my game glitched and i seemed to be invincible when i respawned so i ran down the cliff and eventually was met with death and that message
i 'm imagining you slamming the tie fighter into the atst for scale haha
this is n't what it 's like in china ...
if you just want cichlids but do n't want them to breed you could go with rainbow cichlids or a firemouth .
they could both live in a 40 gallon breeder .
personally i 'd go with a group of 6 rainbow cichlids in the 40g .
you can remove problem individuals and might end up with 2 pairs of fish that people will actually buy fry from .
if you 're looking for something more basic i 'd go with a firemouth some colombian tetras and a small pleco
hesitations only one clear picture opening paragraph is kinda cliche you not only talk a lot not for me but you put that on your profile which means you must be self aware enough to know you talk a lot
david simon wrote extensively about the baltimore murder police getting overtime to do the investigative work in murder cases .
please see homicide a year on the killing streets .
are they going to have all the bourne movies up soon ?
an important distinction to make is clemsoning is n't just losing you ca n't just say it everytime they lose .
no it 's rushing from shotgun on 4th and 1 in ot vs our backup qb .
dude this got buried and hidden but i 've never been so happy to expand a comment thread ... well done .
you should set up a list of links in your post .
datto got these https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=pncxcznling some are the same some are not
okay i 'm happy there will be new legendaries in hot .
however anet could you please make the new legendary weapons more diversly looking ? ?
why oh why is the new staff again blueish-mystic themed when we already got bifrost ?
my wife plays necro since 3 years and she still did n't craft any legendary becasue there is not a single necro-themed weapon .
we 've got kawaii meteorlogicus already now give us some necro gear .
good choice on the hope pistol though not every one wants to spoil the immersion by playing with a toy .
oh not to mention that the new staff was data-mined a year ago .
a nice used gtr will set you back about 70k and i did mean used but i forgot to mention that .
the average one on the lot is probably much higher .
i specced one out with some must haves and some basic nicities and it priced at 76k .
lol is that a face of trevor noah on the boards ?
chances are i was watching that rumble but for some reason i do n't remember that .
we are a reserved folk who do n't like to brag we even have a law '' called jantelagen that says you should n't think you 're better than anyone else '' ... roughly .
we are however helpful and polite and we like to learn about other cultures .
i agree and hate when people complain about teams running up the score .
i just ask them if they would stop their kid from getting all a 's if all the other kids are getting b 's c 's .
my friends and i developed a constructed format called toy boat mayhem.
40 card singleton deck 4 copies of the unhinged card toy boat construct your deck with the following rarity restrictions
the big deal is that the 2 rares and 2 basic lands get exiled placed in the command zone before the game begins and then you throw the 4x toy boats into your deck .
during the game if you come across a toy boat you can play it as is or 'hot swap ' it out for one of your cards in the command zone .
this helps with mana screw and/or helps you get one of those precious rares to the battlefield .
here is a dead subreddit dedicated to the format r/toyboatmayhem
and here is a post i put together that gives all the rules details if you are interested http toyboatmtg.blogspot.com http toyboatmtg.blogspot.com/p/what-is-toy-boat-mayhem-short-answer.html
recently we have been using the 60 card intro decks and 6x toy boats instead ...
it has made it easier to get some of my more casual buddies playing again .
'more casual ' means overwhelmed by the prospect of building a deck when they can barely keep up with the names of the new sets that come out .
i can not stand when guys brag about how tight '' a woman was/is .
well imo you should always affirm everyone with good intentions but if someone gets mad/offended about something that not a lot of people understand then you should n't feel shitty or obligated to apologize .
but if they explain their situation before hand to avoid any misunderstanding then that 's super cool .
this reminds me of when i met a bully of mine but it has a finer tune to it when i was younger i had a few bullies they would n't go out of their way to bully me but when they saw an opportunity they would take it .
i recently became really attractive as well really sociable and a great guy to be around with .
i went to a party where i knew one of these guys was visiting and when he saw me it took him a split second to actually recognise me but when he did he had the biggest smile on his face he came over and ecstatically hugged me and said oh shit its so good to see you man you look great '' etc etc and at the end he said hey listen i am sorry i was such an asshole to you when we were in school . ''
i now have plans to see him the next time i get a chance .
thing is when he apologized i was happy and pleasently surprised but not because i felt i was owed an apology but rather the fact that this guy realised how shitty he was of a person and was also unhappy and wanted to change made me happy in a sense .
if they are going to group all mma fighters they should group all professional football and basketball players rather than just nfl and nba .
anyone else bothered by snow giving up their entire secret plan to lancelot just as soon as he walked in the door ?
let me catch you up to speed ... our daughter is the dark one and the evil queen is posing as the savior !
unless you are from pittsburgh where british chips and coleslaw go on the sandwich
gosh this is my 10 years old nevew so annoying but well he is 10 years old so he got an excuse p
i play in us servers and currently in rank 1 looking to go higher on the leaderboard but also looking for people to chill in qm with silly comps like zagaraga nydus hue hue
bit off topic but there 's always that one guy playing the makelele role '' in sunday league football ... and he 's usually shit at everything other than breaking ankles .
why are there extremists in the world lord tppdome ?
go see republicans ' views on the hpv vaccine for girls .
they think that giving it to 12 year old girls makes them sexually active .
smoking hot and batshit crazy usually go hand in hand !
in portugal most people use olx http olx.pt for classifieds .
i think that 's probably the most used for rentals in particular .
there room rentals i do n't think there is a short term let option/category .
you also end up overtaunting shit so aside from a select few bosses with bullshit mechanics it 's not really viable as a dps skill .
they map these streets because it does two things for them
they can stop spending money buying google 's maps .
uber does n't really have more money than they know what to do with .
they are expanding worldwide against some huge hitters companies with billions of dollars and politicians backing those companies .
uber is now past the point of easy gains and needs to make the expensive hard ones .
what happens if a piece of debris punches a hole in the iss ?
you 're assuming a lot in my comments that i 'm not putting there
i merely said fleshlights are in my opinion fucking creepy and i would reject a guy for using it as would many women i know
if i had realistic dildo/vibrator i 'd understand if a dude was n't fine with that .
i also would be fine with a dude having an abstract '' toy like a tenga .
as soon as someone uses it without irony it 's a sign that i should just ignore them and their attempted argument .
i am the commish but everything is handled democratically so it would require a vote .
though i do n't know that i have the ability to make a certain player droppable .
it 's not skepticism so much as having lots of friends in the gaming industry .
did n't want to really even say i found you but i 'd be the same way lmao .
you 've got some of the numbers but try filling them out in an easy-to-read format so you can get a grasp of where you stand
step 1 list out all your debts and assets and their rates of return/interest .
step 2 list out your monthly budget and income .
if your inflow and outflow do n't match up your budget is n't correct or you are spending into debt !
try not to have a misc '' or other '' category that is too big this is the same as unaccounted for or uncontrolled spending !
step 3 look at your budget make sure it is complete and realistic .
look at areas where you can reduce your spending without impacting your happiness very much .
the 3 biggest areas of expense for most people are
once you take care of any frivolous spending habits expensive hobbies shopping too much dining out too often optimizations in these categories can have the greatest impact on your savings and ability to fi .
take a look at the faq here and at personal finance .
and check out r/leanfire for additional discussion depending on your goals we focus on fi for folks of more average income .
play with this calculator to learn how increased savings can impact your time-to-fi !
use this calculator to get out of debt optimally !
gon na have to take a look at this ship for sure looks really dope tho !
you run through multiple floors of enemies and see how far you can get before you die .
back in middle school i was n't really adjusting to the whole changing as you grow up '' thing very well .
i 'm already immature for my age and had skipped a grade kindergarten it 's not impressive and so among other factors i found myself growing increasingly distant from my peers .
i reached a point where i decided that my different was n't being bad just that everyone else was dumb and so i dedicated myself for the next few years to being as different from normal as you could be .
this included looking down on all popular culture especially pop musicians .
you can take an integrity stance it 's all corporate-manufactured !
a moral stance it 's all trash about getting drunk at parties !
an artistic stance autotune and digital music are n't the same as real talent !
there will always be somebody ready to agree with you about how modern music is garbage especially younger people trying to sound smart i hate my generation '' .
when you romanticize the notion of being an outsider you tend to demonize the mainstream in-crowd and everything associated with them .
and that means you get a complex about it and feel this constant need to prove how you 're better .
if you 're lucky you eventually grow out of it and discover the real secret to being unique and an individual is n't to be contrarian but just be yourself .
i could n't name any taylor swift song other than shake it off '' even that 's only because i saw a video reviewing the song once but that 's not a point of pride it 's just a fact .
by the time people get their zana to 8 in new leagues they are past that point anyway the competitive at least .
in mexico they go pro very early and in cuba they are n't even allowed to fight as a professional .
i 've added community-driven moderation to the toonhq.org group tracker !
now when you see someone posting inappropriately you can report them !
but if my algorithm determines they 're a problem they 'll either be removed from the group or banned altogether .
this new reporting system relies on the community being proactive and reporting inappropriate names so i 'm trusting together we can keep the group tracker clean !
if you guys have any comments or suggestions please let me know !
i bought this watch as an impulse a few months ago .
a little gift shop in austin was going out-of-business and they were getting rid of as much merchandise as possible .
this was originally marked at 179.95 which was n't too bad .
it 's big so far it keeps great time and i 'm very fond of it .
i have a citizen blue angels '' skyhawk from 2003 and a seiko snae95p2 but this is my favorite right now .
i 'm just hoping it works for a while as i really like the style but know nothing about the reliability of tokyobay i 'm guessing it 's on par with other fashion '' watches .
if you do n't wan na see anybody then work as hard as you can .
day night find something you really like i do n't know music drawing anything really and give everything you 've got !
it 's like that scene in like mike when the shoes broke and they used bow wow as a diversion
seriously constable i was on me way to chisel some ice when this bloke attacked me !
i could see that too but with all of the smiles and nicknames and raw offensive potential it really reminded me of the panda when he was a giant .
i think a better question would be what is fatlogical about this post .
she is just saying that she prefers not to receive unsolicited advice about her clothing choices .
i think this is more appropriate content for an activist-mocking sub like tia .
i will be sure to give this a shot i hope it works want to try it out looks like fun d
she initiated the sex according to what we know as the testimony
honestly i think the responsibility is on both people 's shoulders in this situation .
for you it 's your responsibility not to obsess not to dwell not to torture yourself not to try and mind read not to over analyse .
the past is the past and everyone has one and it forms who they are .
for your partner it 's their responsibility to demonstrate in some way that you are important and valuable .
this is entirely dependable on the person and how they express themselves but everyone is capable of expressing love in some form .
they should be open to discussing their ex and the past with you .
they should have a healthy perception of them hating an ex unless they were psychotic is unhealthy .
i 've been with people who have ex issues and it 's fucking messy and just festers and led to me becoming somebody with issues over their ex issues .
so it kind of became a self fulfilling prophecy .
as a result people with ex issues or issues letting their partner know they are important are pretty much an instant nope for me .
i probably dont realize the reasonable folks are parents cause i dont sit through their kids lol
well i 'm kind of stuck because of my high data usage and my grandfathered unlimited data .
any information how how good at t reception is in your area ?
i know that at t was offering money 300 maybe ?
if you can jump ship to at t and they work for you i would .
if you are stuck on verizon like i am i would get the icon and try to hold out for a real flagship .
that being said i do n't know what your financial situation is p
the raised fins are a clear sign of fluidic retention and kidney infection .
you need to immediately start treating with an antibiotic .
adding secondary medications such as methylene blue and epsom salt 2tsp/gallon are also helpful .
daily water changes in a quarantine tank will also be necessary .
change water daily and keep him in a heated environment .
the amount of times i can on to play and then get handed a crappy start on the on the grid and have no chance of avoiding the first corner fail '' that best describes it is ridiculous .
you can never avoid getting screwed unless you are in the 1st 4 cars and in a decent first corner track .
it 's not even funny if you have not a lot of free time and most games end up like i describe .
if you 're looking for a casual game there are plenty of mobile apps and arcade racers out there .
if you do recover after the chaos from the first half lap you most of the time have no chance of getting 1st as the few who got away scott free are uncatchable .
you have to be better than the drivers in front of you if you want to catch them .
then you also factor in lag on this game and it nearly makes it nigh on impossible to actually race when you ca n't tell how far away a car is .
just keep collisions on as an option for custom/private lobbies .
is there any sort of swap for a ss 5x5 ?
mine has tons of pops with the little corner center pieces .
it is a bit loose though but if it 's any tighter then it gets really slow
now i ca n't wait to read it myself !
fly in a blimp over a football stadium and toss the money out .
we all know that this is a purchase that depreciates massively as soon as you make it so minimum effective dose applies here .
it 's not about how much you should spend but how little you can spend and still accomplish the objective i.e .
making a purchase that makes the future wife reasonably happy .
this will probably be some function of how much your future wife values external validation of self-worth as well as the circles that you two currently run in .
btw i 've always heard the guideline thrown around as three months of take home salary .
but i never bothered to check as i did n't intend on following the guideline .
i spent roughly 4 weeks pre-tax pay on my purchase .
someone said the used up joke already i will report you
so the head of an agency whose purview is international espionage and which pursues torture and interrogation to that end may have been a psychopath ?
next you 'll tell me that the head of the department of transportation likes going places faster than walking speed .
there is no difference in image quality between dvi and hdmi .
well i 'm half japanese and half italian and she 's german american so it 's like the axis dating poll and apparently she was fine saying asian dudes because we 're one of the good '' minorities .
either way you 're going to want to call l d .
if it 's positive you 're calling to call l d and if it 's negative you wont be 100 sure if it 's really negative and call l d .
it 's just a quick swab if your doctors office is open they can even do it in the office .
only for the good french fries and cheap fuel .
the crazy belgians however cross over to our side because some products in the super market are a few cents cheaper .
nemec is already gone got signed by a dutch team i believe .
jacobson should n't be cut he started out owning the dm position and has really developed the creative side of his game through the second half of the season .
they are complementary to jingoism and supplementary to military need .
it was n't from my university it was from a different one .
it looks like michigan state from the looks of it and it 's a modern literature class not necessarily a graphic novel class .
there are classes at some universities that focus specifically on comic books and graphic novels .
i think they are mostly a one time thing but had that class been available when i needed english credits i would 've taken it in a heartbeat .
i do n't know what he meant by that comment .
the spot spot is open just reapply to the club. !
a friend left for japan so they allowed for us to open that slot .
and here 's a congratulatory gifsound link 5 https gifsound.com ? gif=img-9gag-lol.9cache.com/photo/avzg53o_460sa_v1.gif v=-ycn-a0nsnk
after everytime we shot we would get full pat-downs sometimes wanded before returning to the barracks .
well that 's kind of my point it 's good that you 're curious but it seems you 're curious what restrictions we 'd find reasonable not you know understanding the underlying conclusions that have us here to begin with .
the question i have is ... what reason do gun owners have to come to the table at all ?
most of us do n't do anything wrong at all .
so really it boils down to the fact that we can have an adult conversation all day long but gun control advocates seem to think this is some kind of an even-footing situation when from my angle it 's a position of ignorance trying to convince a position of knowledge that it 's wrong .
nip would be fine with dragging the game a bit longer .
so nip would get richer and richer and it would get harder and harder for loda to splitpush which would resullt in alliance never getting a creepwave across the river .
the flying spawns stupid battle pickups walker assault unbalanced shall i continue ?
here in florida if you park near water you get in the habit of glancing under your vehicle as you approach it because sometimes this http i.imgur.com/o34ykwm.jpg happens .
i do n't think they 're trying to steal presents though .
reminds me of this flash game where you play the day in life of drone pilot .
newer cpus are only a little faster except broadwell or skylake with highly clocked ram .
yeah but it shows hundreds of levels of force in between that i 'm sure could be converted to newtons or grams or whatever .
i was simply responding to op 's assertion that it is only useful as a sudsing agent .
btw even if you aint as much on primal anymore .
packer fans are always getting angry for things not directed towards them .
loads a shitton of unneeded features and requires you to open 2 more pages just so they can get triple the adviews .
i agree with some champs being way too overbearing in dominion though .
i wish riot would spend some more time balancing the gamemode .
now you have to play the top 25 champs or get your ass whooped every game against equal skilled players .
you think that 's bad i 've got a friend who does that who we did call out for it and now he just does it more !
you can either update to the beta not entirely recommended as it is a beta or you can wait for the final release which will likely be out sooner rather than later .
i was hoping to see orlando in for rios .
if you you play smash 4 and head to pyrosphere with any character and use a super mushroom special brawl mega mode and have the character stand near ridley he is actually perfect height p problem solved
i am currently taking real analysis in my senior year of college .
the way my professor structures the class is he gives out problem sets the next class he gives us all the solutions and then for the test he takes the same exact homework problems and puts them on the test .
so the class has boiled down to ignoring the lecture completely and simply memorizing the solutions to the homework .
i have never felt less interested in math than when i 'm in this class .
amazing in the raid great in pve meh in pvp
the problem with that is that on my phone there is a lot of bloatware they wo n't let you disable .
it only gets worse as more updates roll in !
your linked comment seem to indicate that you believe that gun violence is due to black people .
both black and white people largely do not commit murder .
there is a very narrow subdemographic within black america that is driving the murder statistic .
f you willfully sweep roughly half of the murders under the carpet and compare it with other country
the scandinavian countries being compared to do not have a comparable inner city black demographic .
to make the comparisons meaningful you have to remove this from the murder rates .
the larger point is that a tiny fraction of the us population is making the murder stats seem much higher than they ought to be .
it has to do with the degenerate inner city culture whose main cause is the destruction of the family unit at the hands of the social handout programs .
as an american tell them to go fuck themselves .
i worked in the drink service for sometime and if we are n't open we aint open .
boxes of booze still getting unloaded from the vendor fuck you i 'm not serving drinks and no you ca n't sit and wait .
most weekends i go back to my parents house to visit and see family and in those 2 days i am gone those fuckers o n't unload the bin .
get back on the sunday afternoon and the smell oh god the smell is awful there is rotting food and other nasties just hanging over the bin and then i have to put my hand inside this bin to push it all down so i can successfully tie it and lob it .
as for telling them i am rather shy and i do n't want to come across as pestering controlling etc .
i have hinted to them about doing it themselves and it 's been like 4 days till they talked to me i just go up to my room and i can hear them all laughing and messing around but none come and say hi .
to me it sounds like she was trying to hit on you .
no this thread is representative of the fact that we have moved on .
this happened months ago and no one gives a shit anymore .
i want to eat that pussy before i pound it .
ca n't you just be the mildly clean prince for a while ?
i thought it would be treated as a touchback and the seahawks would have a 15 yard penalty ?
dont think you know what you are talking about.. capitalism .
australian govt is in bed with chinese launde ... i mean investors '' in the hope of propping up the economy .
meanwhile australian citizens are reduced to live like peasants .
no matter what other receivers will get more targets with vick starting because there will probably be increased pressure on antonio brown .
even with vick though i feel like last week was an anomaly .
if he had caught that td pass he would 've finished with over 20 points in ppr instead of 9 .
he was the substitute english teacher and everyone loved him because he had weird but funny stories and used only the queen 's english for speaking .
he had a cat called shithead if i remember rightly .
also his cheeks were always rosy red i 'm pretty sure he was an alcoholic .
it 's a neat idea but like u/matt_csgo said i 'm pretty sure the internet would work too hard to ruin it .
netflix can get away with it since there 's no real human interaction there but trolls would find a way to break it all .
i 'm guessing that 's what 's keeping youtube from doing something similar .
hopefully the goal is to be able to do both .
and then he 'll look favorably upon the superior melee fanbase yet again and release melee hd out of gratitude while the smash 4 people are fighting each other for shovel knight 's viability .
i 'm going to george mason university for my undergrad and i have my sights set on columbia for law school .
ambitious though as it does n't sound like you 've even enrolled in undergrad yet maybe let 's not get too far ahead of ourselves .
do well in undergrad and then in the fall of your junior year start to think seriously about whether you want to go to law school before you even start thinking about where .
is it realistic of me to make this career change this late in life ?
no obvious reason to think it is n't particularly if you 've got gi bill backing so as to minimize your debt load .
will my age negatively impact my ability to get hired and be a successful attorney ?
you may find that the big firms are less willing to look at you but then again they might appreciate your experience .
you do realize that with your army background you 'd be a fantastic candidate for jag ?
you 'd need to do well in law school of course but assuming you did you 'd have a huge leg up on that .
a buddy of mine from law school was in the army for five or six years before doing something very similar to what you 're doing .
using time travel to make sure that all of your interactions were ideal really intrigued me it 's probably what i would use it for .
other than buying tons of google stock in the 90 's .
i was n't alive during connors ' and mcenroe 's heyday .
although i 'm fully aware of both of their antics .
to be fair that was a completely different era of tennis .
those are n't instances of hate towards another player though .
it 's one thing to get mad at an umpire it 's another to viciously attack a fellow player .
i picked kassadin because i was n't sure what to play mid so i figured he 's fun let 's play him .
i did sort of the best on my team which i 'm happy about though .
vader would n't just be like yo dude i got ur back homes '' even if he does relate to the stormtroopers .
he 'd probably just be like get out of here ''
that 's a fluke brand though they 're like the premium contractor brand .
have n't you guys invested a pretty good amount into the ol ?
its not only ethically foul but its intellectually dishonest and self serving .
it says they are interested in being represented than the actual message you gave out .
it says that they do n't care what you were saying they only care about click baiting your name .
and dawkins you are more than just a name !
looks like the tooth fair fell off the wagon again and is back on acid
i have one and i am thinking about shaving it..
in most cases when a jet works outside of school yet are working for local adult education classes or extra work that falls in the evening .
most of the time this is paid work either officially or the students pay you some amount unofficially .
a local friend get an envelope from the students every week for the class .
having a job outside of contract that is n't approved by your school is a big no no .
not only does this violate your visa paperwork instructor visa 's are for official jobs at school whereas eikaiwa work is under a different visa .
violating this can cause you to be deported which means never coming back into japan again or at the very least losing your contract .
we ca n't stop people from breaking the rules but do n't expect that breaking them will just be a slap on the wrist .
then one day about 3 weeks ago i went to use it and it just would n't do anything .
there also does n't appear to be any damage near the region of the front camera either which leadse to believe maybe it 's software related
i was one of the expert panelist at the commonwealth secretariat working group to help define the legislative framework of virtual currencies .
this meeting in peru was the next phase of the wg and the outcome was beautiful .
governments central banks and the financial institutions within the commonwealth are seeing the major advantages to bitcoin tech .
he really used bundy as an example of them stopping the federal government ?
if they really wanted him gone he 'd be gone .
because in our society the mere accusation of racism is a terrible thing .
you know what 's a much much more terrible thing ?
and yet while you leap to shut down accusations of racism you wo n't moderate actual racism unless it 's explicit overt slurs and hate speech .
anything that looks like bigotry is entitled to the maximum benefit of the doubt and the mods are not just willing but eager to ascribe literally any other motive to it no matter how unlikely as clearly reiterated multiple times in this thread .
a smart face manager who gives his client good advice when he is taking a breather yells at the referee if a heel cheats and/or counters the cheating to give the face a small hand .
it would seem that spelling was not taught in your school .
not sure how you 're going to use this but you collected my gender and your mothers height/fathers height questions are obviously gendered also is it worth making sure you record partner 's gender ?
might it make a difference to the conclusions you draw as women are on average shorter than men ?
all the time i used to read smaller posts that also clear their motive and that is also happening with this post which i am reading at this place .
pizza lunches from school ... . from pizza pizza ! ! !
i 've put the hurt on so many invaders because of the hitbox extending to the side as well .
you 're going to pull the semantics card now ?
to me atheism simply means that i do n't believe in god .
i do n't give a damn about order of existence or whatever it is you 're talking about .
sounds like you 're trying to redefine atheism to make it look like a religion .
it would be nice if you addressed an actual atheist rather than your bullshit definition of what atheism is .
you 're kind of disrespecting me by doing that .
you 're just touting your perspective on atheism as fact .
you do n't have to talk to something to intimidate it
would you happen to have a 1440p version both landscape and phone friendly ?
i think the part with the kv-2 shell you were explaining about is for spalling .
because the 152mm shell is basically a small bomb being shot from a howitzer .
why do people on reddit always overexaggerate these things ?
i really hope she takes after kids in my family .
we all start out shockingly blonde and get darker with age but of course my in laws do n't know that .
there 's only sil who bleaches her hair and wishes it could be natural haha .
i do n't need those late pregnancy vibes because i 've got all the early labour signs woo !
it 's not that they are incompetent i believe it is more due to them being normal knights used to at best fighting other knights and peasants .
have played with you on esea before added you on steam mrphussy .
your submission has been automatically removed pending manual approval because your account does not meet the minimum karma or account age requirements of r/worldnews .
please collect some positive karma in other subreddits to avoid having to go through the manual approval process .
if you are new to reddit we suggest you read
you may also want to review the reddit guidelines regarding spam http www.reddit.com/help/faq whatconstitutesspam and the wiki on self-promotion on reddit http www.reddit.com/wiki/selfpromotion .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/worldnews if you have any questions or concerns .
but on the other side it 's expensive to do and they 're only now forced to do so the odds are in your favor that they did n't keep anything from anymore than 6 or so months .
also when it comes to copyrighted material unless you 're physically uploading it 's a civil issue meaning you will only pay the price of the object you pirated give or take a few bucks
unfortunately because he opted for essendon rather than sydney he missed out on hungry jacks .
in the end i ca n't seem to prove either way so i take solace in the fact that every me ends up with the same confused conclusion .
it would be possible if you placed lots of low damage traps/hazards around but then you are putting a lot of development time into balancing one piece of loot .
a quick non-socratic question how do you see this working with team play ?
new to the game should i reroll until i get something good on the tier list ?
so do you believe that the gospels are not accurate in regards to jesus 's trial ?
you run up hit your 3 and 1 switch forms back off and heal and repeat .
you clear the wave lose no dominance and you never lose any health at all .
weed legalization was more popular than obama in colorado in 2012 .
every time weed is on the ballot the youth vote comes out in droves .
if i was a smart democrat i would make sure that florida and ohio had legalization on the ballot .
it 's the same shit w pulled in 2004 with gay marriage .
oh i would n't say everything i 've got a little success with mantine in ou however it is very niche
not much maybe slightly annoyed and if it 's a young person with a summer job they might not get hired the year after if it 's obvious they are n't sick .
we seem to have hit a technological wall with regard to human space flight .
without drastic improvements in launch and propulsion technology we will never be able to get enough mass up into space to sustain the incredibly long voyage between planets and beyond .
however once a breakthrough does occur there will surely be a new space race between the world 's top economies .
let pakistan want to be india rather than us trying to be pakistan .
pakistan 's stance is no alibi of our own shortcomings when it comes to kashmir .
i also vote for spelljammer followed by eberron stuff .
i know d20 modern had some a lot of splat-books include 3rd-party stuff that probably touch on this .
i 'm under the impression gurps might do this better than homebrewing in dnd but i 'm more confident about trying to make 5e dnd techy-punky .
ruck and morty is the best thing since anything !
mouseover or click to view the metric conversion for this comment http fiddle.jshell.net/convertstometric/xhk4y5h5/show/light ? 10 20feet 20 203.0 20m 0a 10 feet 3.0 m
if i do n't already feel warm from walking up the hill to get to the gym i do five minutes on the rec bike to warm up .
then a few stretches and rotator cuff strengthening exercises with light weights .
then i do leg press leg curls dumbbell/bench presses pec flies cable rows bicep and tricep work assisted pull-ups/lat pull downs in whatever order the equipment becomes free .
if i still have time i 'll do some more stretching work on my ankle mobility and foam roll my calves .
they somehow remind me of the monsters in the metroid and half life series ...
be fair tumblr http www.reddit.com/r/tumblr is just like reddit .
lots of funny content dumb memes hardcore fandoms and just a few crazy fucks on the side .
i 'm just wondering if it will be a more hilarious version of the scrolls fiasco .
if you try to always have at least decent rulers muslim tech qing can keep up technologically in all three .
the jurchen tribes already have a 10 percent tech cost idea so if you pick the other tech cost reduction ideas all you need is a strong enough economy for 3 advisors and you can keep up with the western nations fairly easily .
the worst genetic trait which will almost certainly ruin a physique in my opinion is having both narrow clavicles and wide hips .
my wife casually mentioned that she saw it fly over our house in cardiff .
i do n't think she realised the enormity of the event .
bombs require a lot of know-how to make and deploy properly .
... and step-by-step instructions are now readily available thanks to our terrorist buddies .
used to be any high-school chemistry student could do it with ease but our school systems suck so badly now that they need instructions .
it 's not easy to go on a stabbing spree .
there have been a number of those this year that made the news .
who 's to say that the us 's intention was ever to defeat al-qaeda/the taliban inset organization here ?
i 've responded to this argument from you twice now i 'm not going to do it again .
he really has no chance at all despite what redditors love to claim .
and what do you do here on derse mr ?
being gay is just the ultimate form of hating women '' .
the only thing i can think of is they think it 's a mockery of women ?
i do n't know anymore but this is amusing as fuck .
trust me i tried as much shit as i could on my brother .
especially when wwf/wwe was on with the 'these are highly trained professionals ' thing .
you try and tell me to not frog splash my sibling from the windowsill .
night 9 and what did you say about the dark rising ?
bane wishes to hear more about this rising of dark .
rep. gabbard seems like an extremely unlikely vp pick for sanders .
although she 's young and a veteran she has some characteristics that could work against her on a sanders ticket
she only has four years experience as a politician hawaii house 2002-04 u.s. house 2013-present not including her two year as a honolulu city council member .
i do n't personally see this as being a negative but i do n't think a presidential ticket has ever won without at least one christian .
definitely could be an issue in trying to swing some evangelicals to sanders .
she 's not from a swing state which is always something that gives potentials veeps a leg up .
that 's what he meant as fae as i understand it .
i honestly think it 's people who really hate this subreddit that keep upvoting shitposts like this to ruin the subreddit .
in addition to this if he is on a team with good vision control he can almost guarantee a winning team fight .
face checking a barrel filled bush is instant death for a carry and a cripple for tanks/brusiers .
jfyi twitch.tv use some sort of csgo api to grab your rank .
his channel is full of insane shit but he was bummed when no one gave him credit .
you were supposed to buy the elite dangerous docking version .
just wait until the panther is released and the docking computer rams it 's way through a bunch of police vipers .
if you do n't read the newspaper you 're uninformed .
personally i just think it was a bit rushed besides scs presentations have always been not great and this is no exception .
since the basic storytelling trope is so well known the audience expects the wire to break from the side that he did n't get to inspect himself which kept us at the edge of our seats until the very final step of the walk .
a lot of people use gravitybox on custom rooms without issue .
i know it works reasonably well on cm12.1 i personally just try to not touch any of the features that i know are already done by cm .
if you do n't find another solution perhaps look up how to recover from a bad module flash the xposed uninstaller zip disable the mod in the installer app then reflash xposed and give gb a shot .
did n't he also say they would change the offense for davis if necessary
i love the blinding light effect when looking outside from inside the rebel base .
i mean it sucks for shooting outside but it looks awesome .
this was a issue for ptr and it was also a issue early release .
i was gon na get it an hour ago but due to schedule i came back now and its gone ? ?
i 've been using the claymore+10 and loving it but i 'm wondering if i would benefit from switching to something else .
greatsword of artorias looks cool and can apparently do something with skeletons somewhere or something .
would goa be better in the long run or just keep claymore and pump it up to 15 ?
i wish a service existed where i could pay a fee around £20-£30 a month perhaps and get access to articles from a bunch of publishers .
these would include well known publications like the nyt or wsj as well as smaller one-man blogs/sites like ben thompson 's stratechery or john gruber 's daring fireball .
right now if i wanted to subscribe to just the 4 sites i 've mentioned i think it 'd cost me more than £1000 a year !
as time goes by there 's an increasing number of quality news sites coming online that are free .
will the number of people willing to pay hundreds of £ a year for news subscriptions remain steady for the next 5/10 years ?
for long term sustainability surely it 's better for publications to have many millions of subscribers paying a small amount as opposed to maybe a few hundred thousand people paying a lot of money .
so let me tell you about 2 key features of this service..
here 's an example when android 6.0 came out i browsed dozens of sites just to find the one or two great in-depth reviews .
what if i could just use this service to create a playlist of great android 6.0 reviews published by all the tech publications that are a part of my subscription .
this can be done with any topic of course .
just do a quick search of the thousands of user created playlists and subscribe to the ones that you like .
so i 'm a big fan of writers such as steven levy jeff jarvis and david grann.. would n't it be great if i could create a feed of all their stories and get a notification when one of those writers posts a new article !
as well as those two there could be other things like
custom designs when you read articles in pocket whether it be stuff from the nyt or the new yorker all the articles look the same .
these sites put a lot of time and effort into the design layout fonts etc so this service/app should allow publishers to customise the look and feel of the content .
a nyt article wo n't look identical to an article from the la times for example .
articles will be pre-cached so when you click on something it loads instantly and can be read offline .
some publications are more premium than others so there could be low-mid-top tiers that charge different amounts .
so for example the top tier which might charge say £50 a month would contain the more expensive subscriptions like nyt wsj financial times etc .
the service would share analytics about its users with the publishers .
you know things like your age where you live what you work as your interests etc .
i 've got virtually no knowledge of publishing or journalism or how the economics of those industries work .
so i accept that what i 'm suggesting could be outright impossible !
nevertheless as an avid reader of longform articles if a service like this existed i 'd immediately subscribe !
if you think it 's a good idea.. awesome !
if you think it 's a shit idea and will never work feel free to tell me how and why !
i took 15 for a month and a week ago went down to 10 .
i am doing pretty much okay with the anxiety but i am so so so dizzy lately .
mostly in the morning i get this weird dizziness .
it 's almost like i 'm tipsy that sort of feeling .
the game center bug was introduced for some ios devices with the release of ios 9 .
this problem has resolved itself at least for me during the last 2 weeks but now i am not able to connect to the game again .
as per title was looking for one usable with home-made vpn solutions rather than ones for the likes of pia or other companies .
basically i want it to be like if the vpn goes down kill the network connection and dont let any wan traffic through so as to make sure i 'm not operating over my non-vpn'ed connection
i love the game but just do n't have the time to play it .
i 've played it solo four times and all pieces are in new condition .
i 'm not looking for anything in particular just looking to expand my collection so i 'm open to offers .
i 'm in the process of buying some new dual monitors and i 'm looking for some advice .
first i was aiming for two dell u2415 1200p 16:10 monitors but then i saw that the dell u2515h 1440p 16:9 monitors are almost the same price as the u2415s .
so now i was wondering what 's best for my work i do game design which requires good colors .
gaming is not an important factor as i rarely play any games .
a button next to the filters in the inventory to give you the option to remove berries from inventory .
when framing wood with a mammoth or thats with almost any other herbivore you get a ton of berries which you actually do n't need .
it then would be nice to have the option to remove berries with one click instead of having to drop every stack separately .
i know you can go to remote locations where there are no bushes or what so ever and then berries are no issue as zueljin also showed in one of his videos .
but if you are located on the other side of te map then this is a pain to work with .
point out how very low doses of stimulants protracted for a relatively short amount of time lead to an upregulation of dopamine receptors in a way that a subject becomes more sensible to his baseline dopamine level so more confidence drive possibly anxiolisys and a generally brighter mood .
there could be of course also drawbacks past a certain threshold from such a kind of manipulation but that is not the point of my post
now they tell me that the employed substance does n't have to be necessarily a direct dopamine agonist but one that acts on the system even in a more indirect way like a releaser or a reuptake inhibitor contrarily to a psychopharmacological principle i 've read about among reddit 's threads .
i have some prolintane at home which used episodically works pretty good apart a mild crash that makes inconvenient to use it during early day and so i was thinking of using it to try to exploit this effect living always on the low side of dopaminergic spectrum .
my question is being all i referred above would i screw up the onset of the dopaminergic reverse tolerance if during the low-dose administration period i consume some other indirectly dopaminergic/dopamine-inducing substances like kratom to say one ?
be the change you want to see in the world .
every single person here has made a huge change already just by being here .
clicking the subscribe button proves your change in attitude .
a change in attitude changes the way life 's occurrences are perceived .
so the changes you 've already made are changing your world .
and when the task is complete no one will stop you .
you can be a leader you can affect real change .
imagine being able to repay everyone who helped you along the way by passing along knowledge and experiences to those who need it .
strength which can be found within yourself and within myself .
too long i 've wasted my energy justified my evils and squandered my talents .
i give my respect to those who have conquered this journey .
but i give infinitely more respect to those who have failed this test repeatedly and yet still strive to complete it .
imagine the difference you will make when it finally surrenders to you .
another fact she accepted the award from rajiv gandhi in 1986 .
two years after he presided over killings of sikhs .
this is why this award returning business looks like a politically motivated stunt .
why i want to highlight the quote to point out hypocrisy of sahitya academy award winners
what i want to discuss hypocrisy of sahitya academy award winners
made a making of '' video of a remix i had made .
i 'm not knowledgeable of the fair use to know if i 'm in the wrong .
the track i made used an acapella but i made an original instrumental for the track .
i have been doing sl 5x5 for a few months now after doing a lot of different sports before that .
i have to say it 's a great training in that the progress is just so tangible and no matter your level you immediately feel the overall increase in strength .
my legs and back especially have never been so strong .
the other day though i decided to go for a little jog and i could n't believe how difficult that was .
i had been running a lot of half marathon distances before starting with sl 5x5 .
now out of a sudden it had become incredibly difficult to move the heavy muscly legs and the comparatively heavy body .
and that made we wonder because sl is often mentioned here in the same vein as fitness '' how do you guys reconcile that ?
it seems to me that heavy lifting is a max strength only training but does n't necessarily increase overall fitness .
if i get a super strong body i find it a little bit useless if i ca n't carry it over a significant distance at a significant speed .
i 'd like to do some additional jogging but with squatting 3 times a week and constantly increasing weight my legs are usually in dire need of rest on the few days they do get it .
do you guys have a good plan on how you could integrate some overall fitness into the sl programme ?
i 'd also be super interested in hearing some experiences from people who 've rarely done other things from sl for fitness .
has your capacity in other areas increased as well ?
for example can you do pull ups where before you could n't ?
or again jog a couple of miles where before you could n't ?
i need you to make a list of every user that is following each of these twitter accounts .
please pm with a quote and some proof a github account published code anything that you are capable of doing this with the twitter api .
hey so i 'm going to meet a friend from finland and i want her to bring me this candy but i ca n't remember the name .
it is this packet of soft candy shaped liked spheres and they come in different colours .
you can pull them apart to make two hemispheres and this is specially so you can share it with people .
i have this vague idea that it is called marmalaadi or something like that .
could you tell me the name and the company that makes them thanks !
when 1.10 was released my gear disappeared and after doing some research i saw that cdpr said they were working on a hotfix for consoles but until then make sure you keep a save when your gear on it and do n't overwrite it to 1.10 .
i ca n't find anything saying that it has been fixed and my ps4 did n't find any patch this morning .
i really would like to play hos on my ng character i have done so much with .
new nap map with tons of updated will be launched on friday october 16th 4pm eastern time .
full changelogs will be provided soon needless to say there is alot of new content !
we 'll be going into this with a build contest again like nab 1.0 with a cash prize after the first month again to the best bases !
so the video i am creating is about runescape being on youtube separated into different catergories pking guides and who are the best youtubers to watch these .
so i am making a list of all the youtubers and the catergories they are in which will allow people to see all the videos from all good rs youtubers in their respected areas .
thank you for the help and hope to make this a really good video
note there will be sub catergories such as pking in members obby maul dhing bridding f2p pking range 2h multi pking and a lot more to think about .
er så heldig at skulle på skitur næste år men har intet skitøj eller udstyr nogen der har erfaring med køb af tøj på nettet syd for grænsen malmø eller andre steder ?
tænker det må være muligt at slippe afsted med mindre end 4000 kr for jakke og bukser .
this is sort of a look at this thing i 'm making '' post but i am having a problem with the resolution/scaling .
anyway if you skip to the middle of the video you 'll see these big sprite images in the background that i call panels my plan is to make a sort of video game comic book .
when these move they tend to tear or warp .
it 's hard to see in the video though haha .
so the window is blown up to fit my screen thus the pixels are n't exact squares when fullscreen .
the panel images are 1 to 1 not resized .
the game is set to not anti-alias toggling this is the first thing i tried and does n't seem to be the problem .
my conclusion is that i need to find the resolution of the player 's screen and blow it up proportionally based on that .
given my idea having lots of high-res images in the background is this something i should explore ?
mind i 'm an artist but 100 green at coding .
i want this to go exactly like it would in real life .
we 're a late 20 's couple in a long term relationship trying to keep things exciting after some tip toeing around feeling each other out it turns out we 're both interested in the idea of you having fun with another guy .
maybe it 's mfm threesome maybe it 's something just you and him do without me .
we have n't figured out the details but we both are excited about the possibilities .
i ca n't tell you how hot i find it all .
i just know it turns me on like crazy .
i ca n't wait to hear from you and get started chatting .
to celebrate this spooky occasion we would like to invite you all to the bowser horror gaming show !
the event will be from 11am till 5pm with a meal most likely following at the local wetherspoons for those of you who would like to join us !
we will have a number of tournaments on for the day such as mk8 mario maker time trial luigi 's mansion 2 and much more !
in addition to our streetpass leeds events there will also be an official pokemon tournament being run on the day by our newly minted pokemon professor claire batley !
please see the details and rules for the activities below and we hope to see you there !
this event see 's the arrival of our third mario kart 8 grand prix tournament of 2015 !
the tournament will be run throughout the day with four players competing per bracket via the mk8 grand prix cups !
the winner of each bracket will advance to the next round !
– any customization parts unlocked may be selected on the day
– the player in 1st place will advance to the next bracket
– should a draw occur for first place a tie breaker match will be held to decide the winner this will be a single race on a selected map of our choosing .
to integrate its release into the game all preliminary and semi final matches will take place using 150cc karts with the final four utilizing the long awaited 200cc to add a little spice to our finale !
prizes and certificates will be available for the top 3 racers within the tournaments with the tournament champions name being recorded and thus invited to partake in our christmas champions final 2015 in order to win a special prize !
with the release of mario maker we decided that to celebrate the release and give you folks a chance to prove your skills we would host a mario maker time trial !
the rules are simple complete our halloween themed course in the fastest time for your chance to win some eshop credit goodness !
the time from your fastest attempt will be recorded as your final time
crawling its way out of the dusty haunted mansion he has been hiding in we bring you the return of luigi 's mansion 2 !
compete in an intense 4 way free for all versus competition for your chance to win prizes and eshop credit !
the game shall be played via download play so people do n't need a copy of the game and the game type hunter mode where players must use teamwork and your trusty poltergust 5000 to completely rid the floor of ghosts before the clock strikes zero .
download play is available you do not need to own the game to join in !
winner of round will be based on who caught the most ghost by the end of the tower
in the event of a tie score gold will be used to decide who comes first out of the 2 tied players
the rules for the pokemon oras may be found below
in double battles each player selects four pokémon from his or her party of six to battle with .
at the start of the battle players send out the first two pokémon in their party making a total of four pokémon on the battlefield .
gameplay continues until a player makes all four of his or her opponent 's pokémon
pokémon tournament all players must adhere to these standard construction
a player 's team can not contain two pokémon with the same pokédex number .
each pokémon on a player 's team can hold an item though no two pokémon may hold the same item .
a player 's team can not contain two pokémon with the same nickname .
a player 's team can not contain a pokémon nicknamed with the name of another pokémon for example an unfezant named pidove .
pokémon may only use moves that have been learned through one of the following methods
o a move already known by a pokémon received at an official pokémon event or promotion .
this event will be a fun event and will be used to determine if there is enough request for regular official tournaments or leagues to be held in leeds !
pokemon and will be run by our new pokemon professor claire batley !
as a first and to give you fine folks a break from intense tournaments we will have nintendo land set-up on one of our wiiu 's for your enjoyment !
beat morv 's high scores we recommend doing this and enjoy the madness of nintendo land !
returning to streetpass leeds we will be hosting our ever popular 100 man smash time trial !
defeat the 100 mii fighters in the quickest time possible with our chosen character for your chance to win e shop credit !
rules – defeat the 100 mii fighters in the quickest time possible !
anyone unfamiliar with bowser or 100 man smash is welcome to take a trial attempt or undertake training mode to familiarise yourself with either on the day !
the streetpass leeds raffle will return the prizes for which have yet to be confirmed although we had some amazing stuff at our last birthday event such as vouchers from okcomics and travelling man 3ds games and much much more !
sadly the awesome ticket hat has now been retired from the raffles due to being unable to hold all your tickets !
say hello to the new ticket box of doom or as she will be known ... ... the tbd !
other activities may commence on the day of the event itself attendee 's are more then welcome to start up a game and request that it be publicised !
the events and tournaments are all subject to change .
it does not cost a thing to come along just be there on the day and play some games !
run by a small group of dedicated independent leedsonian nintendo fans the group 's key focus is to organise and endorse regular social gatherings of 3ds players .
follow streetpass leeds on twitter and facebook to keep up to date with events !
it does not cost a thing to come along just be there on the day and play some games !
run by a small group of dedicated independent leedsonian nintendo fans the group 's key focus is to organise and endorse regular social gatherings of 3ds players .
follow streetpass leeds on twitter and facebook to keep up to date with events !
you take magicka from inside you somewhere turn it into oak flesh and cast it after a minute it goes but where ?
it 's not sustained by energy anymore like if power left a radiator but in that case the heat still exists because energy has just been converted so is that true of magicka as well ?
conservation of mass or something wod mean if it continues to exist would n't that have some major eventual ramifications ?
is there something i 'm missing in the actual logic itself or about how spells work any in game books worth reading ?
i am very confused by the new vat system .
one sub costs 4.99 and the other costs 6.01 .
would be nice if i could get some info about why .
going to be in japan for a few months in march want to take 2-3 weeks to go skiing any recommendations for the best parks for beginner-intermediate park riders ?
anything similar to whistler/les2alpes would be amazing but really anything with a good set of features for non-experts would be great
small story but funny as hell when we started noticing this between my coworkers at 1st level tech support .
so one of my coworkers was taking a call and said damn this woman is breathing a bunch in her phone it 's killing my ears . ''
he 's saying this while on mute ofc and that 's when i laugh saying that it happens to me all the time .
but then we noticed a pattern with 2 or 3 of our users .
a call from one of them would go like this
me yes we are taking care of the problem please hold a while .
since it was a small problem i did n't put the usual wait music for the user in case she had another demand question .
you guys get the idea ... she was using this technique where the longer we hold the call the louder they breath .
they '' because she is n't the only one using this .
does breathing loudly make us more pressed to quickly finish your problem ?
i took care of the problem and now we laugh about it when we get the breathers
ps weirdly the users using this are all female .
tl dr problem solving is taking a little longer than usual user breaths loudly to magically make the problem dissapear in a ultra fast manner .
funny creepy inspiring whatever you want if it 's happened to you or someone you know and it 's interesting hit me up and i 'll tell you some of mine .
you can get in touch with me over steam .
please pm me post on my profile post on this thread though before adding me .
before you ask me not doing cs go keys item trades at the moment .
depending on my paladin roll we can work prices out .
looking for best gear you can get your hands on .
typical prices like life being .20 or something like that .
we know he is pissed at rick and this could be his way of ruining ricks plan .
bold prediction if it is ron carl shoots him .
is buying the legendary tome dragon for 20.000 cubits in the gamestore worth it ?
do i buy it one time and can use it every week then for free ?
going here as a f2p fisher is just disheartening to see .
there is atleast 70 people botting fishing here at the moment this is not including those running to and from that bank which seems to be a constant stream of people .
70 people in the fishing spots this is not including the streams running to and from the bank easily 100 bots per world 1/3 of the players online that world ?
if electrical field lines represent the force a positively test charge would experience it means that the perpendicular of the field line is the direction of velocity right ? .
since equipotentials are perpendicular to field lines does this mean equipotentials are lines are the velocity paths ?
does anyone know if there 's a working tweak now on ios 8.4 that does the job of letting the app function on jailbroken devices ?
be as specific as possible and include specific games or programs you will be using .
so something that can run engineering simulation and cad software very well
i would say no maximum budget but if possible also versions that keep in mind cutting costs to some extent yet running the software i need very well
note beyond a week or two from today means any build you receive will be out of date when you want to buy .
what exactly do you need included in the budget ?
which country and state/province will you be purchasing the parts in ?
if you 're in us do you have access to a microcenter location ?
i believe there is a microcenter around here not entirely sure will check into it
if reusing any parts including monitor s keyboard/mouse/etc what parts will you be reusing ?
if yes are you interested in overclocking right away or down the line ?
are there any specific features or items you want/need in the build ?
ex ssd large amount of storage or a raid setup cuda or opencl support etc
do you have any specific case preferences size like itx/microatx/mid-tower/full-tower styles colors window or not led lighting etc or a particular color theme preference for the components ?
do you need a copy of windows included in the budget ?
if you do need one included do you have a preference ?
windows 7 or the newest version should be good .
mysql just blew up in my face and with it citadel and about every plugin ever .
do we have backups if psygate ca n't fix this ?
the only question is if you lost so much that you collectively want a roll back or if it 's kay and i can just restart the database .
edit 1 the more you downvote this the longer it 's gon na take 3
this is gon na take some time to fix .
edit 3 yeah that might take a while i need to pull the backups first so nothing gets destroyed in the process .
edit 4 i 'm on ts for questions and stuff .
duoing with a friend who according to the logs left the chat and when he typed another persons name appeared ?
when also checking that guys op.gg my friends name is n't listed http imgur.com/a/fwlty
topics that i have thoughts on and that i would like to explore .
i know one way to explore those topics is through our writing .
but is there such a thing as too many topics ?
i mean they would all obviously relate to the main plot maybe to a sub plot but i am worried that if i try to address too much my work will become boggy and preachy .
for example i am trying to explore race/nationality relations in several different ways .
one is by having different races within my different fantasy species and the other is with the interaction between the different species .
so i have multiple skin colors for my elves and the skin color plays a part in how one elf treats another .
but then i also have elves who interact with humans .
and though a human may have the same skin color because they are a different species they are treated differently .
i am trying to explore several different political ideas among them the idea that democracy is not always the best ooption .
i have on mc who is trying to overturn the corrupt democracy and make an empire/dictatorship while i have another who is working on changing the democracy from within .
as it is fantasy i have gods but i also have different religions that have formed despite the actual knowledge of the gods .
do you think i can explore all these issues without making my writing too boggy/dense/preachy ?
what topics do you explore with your writing if any ?
should i maybe limit the themes i am trying to explore ?
any input would be appreciated and i 'd be interested in hearing how you handle putting such topics into your work .
we qualify for torch battles guild rank 2200 and usually get around 50 flags .
if this sounds good to you and you 're a nice person feel free to apply !
im looking for a few people to do 3v3s with that i can count on being on pretty much every day .
im currently only ranked about 400 in standard but i play with my friends who are 800 ranked and i still do very well .
i would like people that have mumble/teamspeak/ventrillo so we can communicate .
i know there have been a handful of posts talking about the deep ones in this subreddit but between the wikis and posts there did n't seem to be a comprehensive summation of all that we know about these mysterious fish/man creatures .
the base of the tower differs from the upper levels and predates them by thousands of years . ''
... its massive walls and labyrinthine interiors are all of solid rock with no hint of joins or mortar no chisel marks of any kind .
... the fused black stone of which it is made suggests valyria but the plain unadorned style of architecture does not ... the narrow twisting windowless passages strike many as being tunnels rather than halls it is very easy to get lost amongst their turnings .
many maesters believe the fortress to be valyrian but if this is true then the dragonlords came to westeros thousands of years before they ever had an outpost on dragonstone .
and as just noted in the passage above the architecture is not very valyrian .
a one maester theron who seems half-deranged from the way his work strange stone is described claims the structure is built by the deep ones a queer misshapen race of half men sired by creatures of the salt seas upon human women . ''
he notes the similarity both in construction and origin between this fortress in oldtown and the seastone chair on the iron islands .
the seastone chair is described as being carved into the shape of a kraken from an oily black stone '' and was said to have been found by the first men when they first came to old wyk . ''
so now we have two pieces of construction that look similar no one knows where they came from or how old they are and for what it 's worth are both directly on the ocean and on the western side of westeros .
archmaester haereg once advanced the interesting notion that the iron born came from some unknown land west of the sunset sea citing the legend of the seastone chair .
that would make sense if some iron born predecessor came from the west and built their first settlements along the western side of westeros .
i am going to assume that the world asoiaf takes place in is round .
so that if you kept heading east on that map you 'd pop back around by westeros eventually we all know how maps work .
the city on the south east corner i have circled is asshai a place we know to be associated with magic and darkness .
even the asshai'i do not claim to know who built their city they will say only that a city has stood here since the world began and will stand here until it ends .
travelers tell us that the city is built entirely of black stone ... some say that the stone of asshai has a greasy unpleasant feel to it that it seems to drink the light ...
greasy black stone of mysterious origin sure sounds like our oily black stone of mysterious origin .
could it be these prehistoric fish men came from asshai to westeros ?
or is maester theron just crazy and did some other ancient civilization come out of asshai and build on westeros thousands of years before the first men ?
there 's actually more evidence it was the fish men .
there are slimy black stones on yeen and and the isle of toads .
maesters and other scholars alike have puzzled over the greatest of the enigmas of sothoryos the ancient city of yeen .
a ruin older than time built of oily black stone in massive blocks so heavy that it would require a dozen elephants to move them yeen has remained a desolation for many thousands of years yet the jungle that surrounds it on every side has scarce touched it .
a city so evil that even the jungle will not enter '' nymeria is supposed to have said when she laid eyes on it if the tales are true .
every attempt to rebuild or resettle yeen has ended in horror .
on the isle of toads can be found an ancient idol a greasy black stone crudely carved into the semblance of a gigantic toad of malignant aspect some forty feet high .
the people of this isle are believed by some to be descended from those who carved the toad stone for there is an unpleasant fishlike aspect to their faces and many have webbed hands and feet .
if so they are the sole surviving remnant of this forgotten race .
and legends of creatures emerging from the sea pop up in a couple other intriguing places .
some have suggested that mayhaps the mazemakers were born of interbreeding between human men and giant women .
we do not know why they disappeared though lorathi legend suggests they were destroyed by an enemy from the sea merlings in some versions of the tale selkies and walrus-men in others .
this passage connects the enemy from the sea '' to two of the other greasy black stone ruins .
if the mazemakers were as large as the legends say it would explain the giant stones in yeen that need a dozen elephants '' to move them and the maze-like passages at the base of hightower in oldtown perhaps the deep ones stole some of the maze-building secrets from their conquered peoples and used slave labor to build their giant structures .
finally there is a more mysterious ancient presence of the deep ones on the thousand islands east of ib .
a sea-grit scatter of bleak windswept rocks believed by some to be the last remnants of a drowned kingdom whose towns and towers were submerged beneath the rising seas many thousands of years ago ... the people of these islands ... are said to sacrifice sailors to their squamous fish-headed gods ... though surrounded by water on all sides these islanders fear the sea so much that they will not set foot in the water even under threat of death .
our pre-human fish seem to have been nothing short of a global empire .
apparently even taking on a god-like status in the thousand islands .
map of known world '' with all places circled with either greasy black stone structures or mention of fish-men http images.kris.life.s3-website-us-east-1.amazonaws.com/2015/oct/world_of_ice_and_fire-1444695091992.jpg
besides these crazy ruins mentioned in a world of ice and fire do they have anything to do with modern day '' westeros ?
to that i say let us look at the religion of the iron islands .
we did not come to these holy lands from godless lands across the seas '' the priest sauron salt-tongue once said .
we came from beneath those seas from the watery halls of the drowned god who made us in his likeness and gave to us dominion over all the waters of the earth.
the religion of the drowned god says that the ironborn came from the sea which makes them fish-men after a fashion .
most telling of all are the words of house greyjoy we do not sow .
not in asshai where little grows '' or the ancient ruins of yeen which the jungle around it has not touched though it 's been sitting there for thousands of years .
in fact in a feast for crows nimble dick of cracklaw point claims the deep ones though he calls them squishers are still around .
they look like men till you get close but their heads is too big and they got scales where a proper man 's got hair .
fish-belly white they are with webs between their fingers .
they 're always damp and fishy-smelling but behind those blubbery lips they got rows of green teeth sharp as needles .
some say the first men killed them all but do n't you believe it .
they come by night and steal bad little children padding along on them webbed feet with a little squish-squish sound .
the girls they keep to breed with but the boys they eat tearing at them with those sharp green teeth .
and finally might not these strange fish-men be the reason for patchface 's unexplained survival for two days at sea after a shipwreck ?
and as to why he now talks about under the sea '' a whole lot and makes cryptic but accurate prophecies ?
tl dr there are legends and traces of a race of fish men thousands of years old called the deep ones '' all over the world of asoiaf .
who they were and what they did is pretty much unknown but it seems that plants can not grow wherever they built and they have some connection to the ironborn and the drowned god .
will they have a more lasting impact on the plot of the series ?
will the drowned god have a greater part to play ?
do you think euron knows of them could this perhaps play into his being so well-traveled to weird parts of the world and being from the iron islands ?
finally i like this theory in particular because the hints are rare and somewhat subtle and i am doubtful they will have any lasting impact on the plot of the series .
they 're simply there to add richness if you 're someone who is re-reading the series and pouring over awoiaf looking for exactly these sorts of easter eggs .
time and again george r. r. martin shows his mastery of providing depth and mystery to the magical universe of westeros .
i 'm sure i have n't uncovered all these fishy clues and i would like to thank this post https www.reddit.com/r/asoiaf/comments/2kn8vc/spoilers_woiaf_the_oily_black_stone_structures for sending me deeper into this mysterious abyss .
also i know the deep ones is a nod from grrm to h.p.lovecraft but alas i am not familiar with his works .
all i know is he has something to do with cthulhu .
as a woman i 've admired the burlesque artist dita von teese ex-wife of marilyn manson for over five years now .
i 've had several boyfriends tell me that she 's pretty but they do n't act like she 's very sexy to them .
think twice about upgrading to a new monitor integrated graphics radeon hd 4200 can not handle more than 1080p .
i now have to get a graphics card only to support my resolution .
i do n't game but i use photoshop and i thought a new monitor with a ips panel would be great .
while at it i opted for a resolution of 2560x1440 but it was n't a good idea because now i need to buy another upgrade .
the new opening song is awesome ! ! ! !
i hope they add more music with every update .
i 'm just looking for a vaporizer 30 50 or around that price range .
i 'm new to this kind of stuff but i do n't know what to look for .
i 'd love to watch the raiders in euiv !
you could also share the file so fans can download it too and even possibly do a mega-campaign after euiv go on to vic 2 !
about how many hours per week do you work as an apprentice .
is there an option for overtime if you want it ?
came back from a long weekend and found two spooky halloween cards waiting for me .
u/hoot_hoot23 for the cute handmade halloween card with sparkly skeleton and a button !
i 'm going to try and convince my potential s/o to wear it to salem when we go this weekend .
u/2880poe for the other handmade halloween card and belated birthday no worries !
these are the first two halloween/october cards to be put up on my wall .
i 'm in complete rebuild mode and i 've already accumulated 3 first round picks .
it 's a ppr league and i currently have rashad jennings gio ellington david johnson and darren sproles at rb .
not a ton of talent as i 've already dumped most of it .
i have martellus bennett devante adams and mathew stafford who i also am trying to dump .
is there anyway to package these guys and maybe like a 4th round pick to score a first or am i way overestimating west 's value ?
i am an msw intern on an inpatient psych unit .
as part of my internship i am running groups .
i have been reading up on yalom 's interpersonal model for inpatient groups but i 'm wondering if anyone has any good articles books or group tasks/goals that they 've found useful .
i 've been looking to play against actual people instead of ai so i get somewhat of a challenge .
anyone who has the game add me on steam http steamcommunity.com/id/yohh please .
before we get into a capacitor 's three modes of operation in a car 's electrical system alternator ca n't keep up with demand it can barely keep up and it can keep up without effort i 'm going to lay down some assumptions/equations .
first we are assuming the alternator is ideal in that it will produce 14.4v up until it reaches its rated current and beyond that it is sitting at battery voltage .
second since we are concerning ourselves with the rms power of the amplifier we will only concern ourselves with the rms current draw of the amp .
finally we are assuming the capacitor charges instantly no internal resistance unless it 's charging current is limited this is why you need to use a resistor to initially charge a capacitor because if you do n't the capacitor will draw hundreds of amps from the car battery until it is charged fully .
also we are assuming the car needs 40a from the alternator to run the stock electronics .
finally we are assuming a musical signal to the amp so the kick of an 808 think kick drum tied into bass note after it is at 0db and the bass following it is at 3db .
outside of that we only need v=ir and vc=vo e^-t/rc .
so you just finished hooking up your buddy 's sweet ‘98 civic with a 1000w sound system .
the car has a 80a alternator stock and the amplifier is class d and draws 100 amps at 14.4v .
so that leaves us with 40a to run a 100a system .
your buddy being the smart one of the group decides a 1f capacitor will help the electrical .
he later says the capacitor helped solve his headlight dimming .
once the music starts playing the capacitor will absorb the initial hit of the 808 dropping down to the battery 's voltage as the alternator ca n't keep up .
after the initial hit the alternator can keep up with the current draw of the amp with the help of the battery but it can not charge the capacitor keeping the voltage pinned down at battery voltage .
the second 808 plays and since the capacitor ca n't absorb the extra current draw the electrical system digs further into the battery to play the bass note .
for the rest of the 808 the alternator provides the current for the amp .
step 3 repeats until there is a break in the bassline .
so the capacitor does actually help with headlight dimming in that it keeps the voltage pinned down at the battery 's voltage eliminating the dimming !
also any extra amperage the alternator produces first goes to the capacitor before it goes to the amp as the effective resistance of a capacitor is 0 ohms and the amp 's input resistance is effectively .2 ohms .
path of least resistance and in that sense the capacitor hurts the electrical system .
also that battery is draining the whole time meaning the sound system could drain the battery flat even with the car running .
case 2 capacitor being used to help with voltage drops .
i can actually use my old car as an example for this a ‘98 328i with a 130a alternator .
same 1000w amp except the electrical system has 90a to spare on running it .
so the kick of the 808 lasts for about 25ms meaning for 25ms the alternator ca n't keep up the amplifier .
so the capacitor drains to provide the extra 10 amps .
using superposition and equivalent circuits we can say the capacitor is feeding a 1.4 ohm load 10 amps for 25ms .
using vc=vo e^-t/rc with vo=14.4 t .02 and rc=1.4 we find that after a 10a draw for .02s the voltage across the capacitor is 14.1v .
so the capacitor essentially maintains the car 's 14.4 voltage for the duration of the kick .
after the kick while the amp is playing the bassline the alternator easily charges the capacitor 's .25 coulomb loss 10a*.025s .
it takes the alternator only .00625s .25 coulomb 130-50-40 a to charge the capacitor up to it 's full 14.4v .
so in this case a capacitor actually helps as it absorbs the hits while the alternator can charge the capacitor during the bassline following the kick .
also the capacitor would solve any headlight dimming the car may have keeping the voltage above 14v the entire time .
case 3 capacitor being used with a beefy electrical system .
not really going to do this out it 's the same as case 2 but the capacitor absorbs the alternator 's lag as it responds to the extra load .
so there you have it when/why you should/should n't use a capacitor .
did n't want to go too crazy in-depth so if you have any questions or clarifications i can certainly help you .
a quick word on using a second battery to support a big 1k amp ''
similar to using a capacitor to help an undersized electrical system support a large amplifier a second battery does n't do much to help .
a second battery simply solidifies the battery voltage once the system starts to dig into the batteries .
the primary purpose of installing multiple batteries is to allow the system to be run with the car off .
so if you are running a large amplifier upgrading the alternator should be a top priority .
but as a band aid a second battery is a much better bet than a capacitor as the massive capacity of a dual battery system lessens the wear on each battery and you do n't need to worry about a dead battery when you try to start the car .
that being said you will burn through alternators like 1 a year or so if you plan on using the battery bank to support a large amplifier as the alternator will be run at its max capacity more often than it should .
sadly my hdd just died well it was my fault
anyways i think the price is about right to make the jump to a ssd .
right now my top contender is the samsung 850 evo .
at €169.95 500gb really i cant see anything else from crucial even .
i do n't eat at fast food places a lot so i was wondering if this is common .
'' one is mindful to abandon wrong view to enter remain in right view this is one 's right mindfulness ...
'' one is mindful to abandon wrong resolve to enter remain in right resolve this is one 's right mindfulness ...
'' one is mindful to abandon wrong speech to enter remain in right speech this is one 's right mindfulness ...
'' one is mindful to abandon wrong action to enter remain in right action this is one 's right mindfulness ...
'' one is mindful to abandon wrong livelihood to enter remain in right livelihood this is one 's right mindfulness ... ''
i assume the enterprise voice in e4 is just a cal so i suspect you still have to purchase skype for business server to house onsite correct ?
so just finished my third week at conq 2 .
after my first week i thought i was n't really conq 2 because it could have been a fluke .
third week i feel fairly confident calling myself conq 2 .
for my general thoughts fighter 3 should only be considered fighter 3 if you can get to it the first week of reset .
because of the spread of the scores and how it is easier to get higher the second week i think to truly be considered fighter 3 you should be able to end fighter 3 after first week .
conq 1 i would say holding conq a full cycle '' so 2 complete weeks .
seems much easier to slip away from guardian especially with rush hour .
so you could easily lose guardian a few times and still be considered guardian i would think .
simple insults towards the whites spitting on there shoes and a little hateful graffiti here and there .
then the media saw the opportunity of a story and began taking up the hate against the whites .
more and more people began to agree with the rhetoric as they had someone and something to blame there problems on .
it kicked up a notch there was a general resentment of the whites by the non-whites on grenada .
a few fringe groups of ubundism popped up and the killings began to occur .
headlines like grenadine times serial killings racially motivated '' started popping up .
thirty-four white woman and children were abducted and burned in a pit in the forest .
the government had no choice but to condemn these acts .
angered by this peaceful demonstrators began gathering in the capital .
the protests did n't stay peaceful for long however .
one night a group of protesters had began gathering in front of the judicial building .
the previous night british peacekeepers and local police militia had been ordered to began protecting the grenadine governmental buildings in the capitol .
a wall of about 50 men stood on the steps in riot gear .
the crowed took this as an act of oppression and anger began flowing .
they wished to enter the building and occupy it which was un allowable .
the riot police tried holding them back peacefully but a few members of the crowed began punching and whacking the riot police .
the riot police had no choice but to pepper spray those members of the crowed .
quickly the standoff escalated from verbal insults and spit into violence .
bricks and rocks were thrown at the riot police in which the riot police responded with tear gas .
about 3 hours later a new crowed appeared but this time armed with makeshift shields batons and masks for protection against tear gas .
the crowed threw molotov 's at the riot police and this time were larger in numbers .
the crowed slowly came closer to the police lines burning cars and smashing objects in the street as they approached .
the riot police began using teargas and non-lethal bullets on the protesters but this was in vain .
the protesters were quickly injuring the riot police and began charging the line .
the influx of people was too much for the thin line of riot police too hold and the line broke .
the riot police retreated and the judicial building fell into the hands of the protesters .
the revolt in the capitol had begun and would be quickly noticed by the rest of grenada .
i know this isnt exactly the right place for this but r/fightsticks is pretty dead .
so im looking at building my own fight stick for fighting games .
i know i have to get a box/case to put it into and the pcb buttons wires and and joystick .
the joystick is the only thing i dont understand what id be buying .
i want a joystick that is like is a square gate but when im shopping for them i dont see the difference in them .
are all joysticks the same and id have to buy a restrictor plate to changes that or do joysticks come in different versions ?
this will be my first build ever and im kinda at a standstill .
bought it yesterday and now it 's free to play.. luckily i bought it from g2a for 0.32 euro p
anyway i am new to the game and unlocked a chest with a key and it gave me knight 's pauldrons '' what can i use that for ?
it 's nothing spectacular but since a large portion of reddit are people interested in computers you guys will at least think i 'm as big of an idiot as someone who put diesel into a gasoline tank .
plus this is n't a nsfw/sexual tifu which seem to be the bane of this subreddit as of late .
anyway my laptop got dropped a few months ago and the hard drive bit the dust so i bought a new hd and windows 8 .
i did it myself and got it all running again but it seemed noticeably slower than before .
i figured it was because i bought a cheaper hard drive or maybe something from the fall but i never really gave it any thought beyond that plus i 'm not a guy who 's able to fix this type of problem so i just complained whenever i play dota .
anyway today for school i needed to download some software for my class and it needs a 64 bit processor which i have .
it turns out i installed the 32-bit windows os .
if i want to upgrade to 64-bit i have to backup all my files and reinstall software ... waste of time and some i 'm not sure if i can get it again easily/cheaply .
the bigger part of the fuck up though is that this is why the computer is slower since in layman 's terms a 32-bit os can not access all of the ram in the laptop that a 64-bit os could access maybe someone can chime in here with more technical information but this is my understanding of it .
tl dr i poured windshield wiper fluid into the hole for oil in my laptop and then put the cooked laptop on the same cutting board as the raw laptop now my ram is all fucked up and i need to backup all my missy elliott tracks if i want to remedy the problem .
edit i tried to fix a spelling error before the 3 minute buzzer but could n't quite do it .
sorry coach i wo n't let the team down next time .
i just do n't understand why they think it 's necessary .
just wanted to post that we have released the tryout information for team canada open for wugc 2016 .
i am working on getting one of the documents in a bilingual format the application already is but while we wait to do that wanted to get all the information out there a.s.a.p as we are moving quickly on our timelines .
so i 'm convinced that my buddies and i are the best players in the world at rush 2 .
if you 've ever played this game before you know one it 's incredibly fun and two it has the awesome stunt course where you do flips rolls etc .
my friends and i have been playing the crap out of the game recently and have gotten the stunt course down to a science .
it 's sad how hardcore we are at it but also awesome .
i 'm just wondering if anyone out there still even plays this game .
i 'd be pretty surprised if there is anyone out there in the world that could beat us at stunt .
i was going to write a real long post detailing our exploits high scores and strategies but i 'll spare ye .
that is going to be really weird and sad .
i wonder if they will show disney 's logo at the beginning or just lucasfilm ?
curious trying to figure out a plan to run soon !
background most of my school experience is in the silicon valley of california but i was stuck in a tennessee school for senior year of high school .
i 'm worried that 15 credit hours wo n't be enough to keep my attention i 'm in a general psych course one of two i even have to try in intro to film which i intended to be the easy class speech communication a lot of from-the-book quizzes and maybe 4 speeches composition 2 i got to skip 1 because of my act score the other class i have to actually try in and college success the teacher of which is a very easy grader and if you pay attention and take well enough notes you can skip half of the tests effectively .
and yet i barely have to try it 's all just copy the powerpoint and do the tests '' except for composition .
am i just stuck bored until i can transfer to a university ?
edit my degree is an associate 's of science at the moment .
this is an extremely long post and i apologize for that .
this is an idea i 've been thinking about for a while and i wanted to share it with the community .
it could use expansion and further thought but i hope that maybe it would benefit the game and make it more interesting .
i have n't seen this idea talked about super directly before so please let me know what you think this sub is still active right ?
in many city building games the player is in complete control of every aspect of the city .
while this makes for a fun sandbox type game i think that it lacks depth and also does not represent the reality of urban planning .
in citybound i think an awesome feature would to have outside organizations non-playable entities which play a large role in the development of the city which for the purpose of this post will be referred to as npes .
i think it would be a good idea to make most npes optional as in when you set up a new game to play you could turn each one on and off depending on how the player would like to play .
the main role of the npes would be to come to the player with proposals for implementation in the plan which the player could decide to implement in the zoning code or deny outright .
whenever the player enters planning mode new proposals from npes would appear in a list and a series of decisions would follow .
each proposal might come with costs to the player space and utility requirements and most importantly the player would need to decide on a location for whatever development is being proposed and might need to think ahead about the development 's expansion and impact on the city down the line .
in this post i would like to go over some ideas of different npes and how they could be implemented in the game mechanics .
obviously the player is probably going to take the role of a municipal government in citybound .
depending on where you live the city is not only shaped by the city hall but also the regional and national governments as well .
for example larger tiers of governments often provide cities with grants and funding for things like healthcare education and transportation .
a higher level of government might come along and offer the player funding to build new schools hospitals and even public housing which could also all be built by the player themselves using local taxes .
these would be the most flexible and desirable proposals to the player and would n't come with a lot of requirements .
maybe the proposals come with only a proportion of the total cost paid for and the player would have to cover some of the cost themselves .
an example could be that the regional government comes along and proposes that your city should be the home of a new regional university .
obviously this would heavily benefit the player but now you are tasked with zoning a campus in your city which would develop and grow according to your zoning regulations is it an dense urban commuter school http isc.roosevelt.edu/-/media/isc/roosvelt/sidebox 20images/northwest_view_wabash.jpg or a spread out beautiful campus https mcb.illinois.edu/chunghj/local/chunghj/uploads/2013/11/uiuc_quad2.jpg but is not under your direct control in terms of what actually gets built .
a good plan would facilitate the growth of a desirable and healthy school .
students would want to continue to live and work in your city after graduation but if you have a poor plan or there are not enough opportunities in your city for work then the students would leave in droves and the school may even fail .
i think the coolest idea that could be implemented would be if your city is designated as a capital .
this would be a great challenge to the player who would now need to ensure that the government has desirable space to build the capital building many additional offices etc .
perhaps there could even be different types of higher governments in the game so the player might be tasked with zoning the immense royal palace or different kinds of buildings depending on the type of government parliament court house presidential residence etc. .
the city might receive higher budgets for beautification which the player could use to build monuments malls museums etc .
however your city would now need to live up to the high expectations of the government for their capital city and if you fail to meet those expectations the capital would be moved .
when a player sets up a game they could choose to be either a normal city which is a part of a larger region and nation or they could be their own region within a nation such as hamburg in germany or they could even be a single city state like singapore .
they also could designate themselves as a capital if they would like .
this one overlaps with government somewhat but i wanted to give this one its own section because there are many non-governmental transportation organizations .
i think that large transportation infrastructure should not be under total control of the player .
for example in the united states our freight system is privately owned and operated .
our highways are operated and regulated by higher levels of government and on rare occasion are built and operated by private companies and in most cases were not planned by city governments themselves .
there are also private bus companies private airlines and many public transit systems serve more than one city and are their own governmental organizations .
i think that a good way to implement this idea would be for a transportation npe to propose for a new highway or rail corridor or airport seaport etc to be built and they might designate where the infrastructure would enter and exit the city limits but the exact route or location would be planned and zoned by the player using a limited amount of funding unless the player wants to spend some of their own money .
do you want the new highway to cut through dozens of neighborhoods to make a good connection to your business district ?
or do you want to keep it on the outskirts ?
you might receive subsequent proposals for upgrades like new interchanges new runways more tracks or new freight yards etc .
i think it would be nice if maybe your city is offered the opportunity to build a regional airport or seaport which would also serve the surrounding cities and now you need to ensure they have good connections without disrupting the function of your own city .
the player would also be able to build infrastructure themselves but might have trouble funding this without the help of a npe .
this is a pretty obvious entity to be put in the game but i think it 's important to talk about how they would interact with the player .
in citybound the business interests of corporations should play a vital role in how your city develops .
when the player 's city first begins a small grocery store opens on the main street of the town .
within a few years the city is grown enough that it requires a new grocery store .
depending on how well the main street grocery has done the next grocery store to be built would have a small chance of being owned by the same people .
now when the player clicks on the first grocery store the second store is also highlighted and the individual store stats as well as the owning corporation 's stats as a whole are shown .
within a decade there might be 15 grocery stores in the city and half of them are owned and operated by this now successful organization which is competing with other store chains .
the main street grocery corporation has also opened stores in other cities and they have grown large enough to require distribution centers and offices in your city .
imagine that your city has a million residents and when you click on the tallest building in your city the many grocery stores and distribution centers of the corporation are highlighted .
you can see their revenue and profit taxes how many people work there etc .
this idea could be applied to all of the private entities in the city for example banks real estate developers agriculture stores transportation entities industries and the list could go on .
each corporation would try to serve its own interest through influencing your plan .
you might be thrilled that the most powerful bank in the world wants to build a new mega skyscraper downtown but you might not be so happy that an industrial corporation wants to build a mine right where you had planned a golf course etc .
i feel like this would provide a ton of extra depth and immersion to the game rather than buildings just popping up with randomly generated names with arbitrary stats .
you could see the real performance of these entities in the game maybe through some sort of stock market .
they would have huge influences on your city 's economy and might require a specialized work force new infrastructure or they might want different zoning requirements for their large developments which would require your direct approval .
this is the last group i want to talk about in this post .
citizen groups would basically include neighborhood organizations special interest groups unions and communities such as religious groups .
they might lobby or propose for special zones parks laws or buildings such as a large cathedral .
like corporations they might grow and compete with one another it would be really cool to see a religion map of your city .
perhaps these groups might oppose some of the measures that you 're taking and you would have to find balance to keep the peace lest you want to see your citizens protest or even turn violent .
if you made it this far thanks for reading .
i hope that people like this idea or have things to say about it .
i will say i imagine that this feature would be extremely awesome if implemented well especially with the procedural generation aspect of the game .
you could have infinite possibilities for how your city would look and function and it would make the game repayable thousands of times without ever being able to recreate the exact same thing twice .
another is trailer park boys which some people like .
5 months within the past few weeks she 's back on newborn feedings at night .
my so is frustrated and says i 'm establishing bad habits.
that it 's my fault she does n't know how to fall asleep on her own and he does n't support me breastfeeding .
this is the best thing only i can do for her .
i 've tried to reason with him about the benefits of breastfeeding and he completly denies that there 's any difference between bf and formula .
i 'm torn that he 's taking this stance on it .
he has a hard time dealing with our lo when he 's home with her and blames it on my nursing on demand .
it feels like he 's making me choose between him and breastfeeding .
nearly a third of snd matches public lobbys have had aimbots i havent played league in 2 weeks but i can only assume you ca n't find a legit match in lp anymore .
lp is broken and the hacker population growing i do n't see much hope for the future of this game .
if you 're interested in voicing your opinion on the matter post on this thread i made on what activision could do .
regardless its been a good run and i ca n't see myself playing this for much longer .
bo3 also does n't catch my eye because they are completely running away from simplicity in cods .
the 1 xbox 360 game voted by the public for backwards comp
the only cod to gain massive popularity years after it was released .
activision is going to let this game that constantly peaks and get 250k players rot with hackers .
what happens when a casual gamer plays dark souls 2 ?
an evening of casual gaming dark souls 2 https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=e46m9566h6i
i had a lot of fun making this video i hope you guys enjoy it !
i have n't completed it yet.could n't finish him right at the end and people had to leave .
over the past few years i was diagnosed with a nervous system disorder that while not fatal or really dangerous makes it especially difficult to live day to day life .
i spent years being almost completely homeschooled and i 'm only now starting to return .
i slacked off of all of my work until the last possible minute i starting picking fights more often and i felt like everything settled into a dull routine of unfulfilling fluff .
not to mention that i have a pretty dysfunctional family .
my parents ' relationship has been hanging by a thread since i was little and it 's starting to affect their persons .
they both have serious anger problems and my dad has become distant recently spending most of his time at work .
my mother tries to help but she has a problem that o ca n't even place .
i ca n't say anything to them because of my social anxiety .
during this time my dog who had been with us since i was a baby passed away .
i never seriously considered suicide and i still have n't .
i do n't want to die but nothing about my life is making me happy .
thanks for reading i just wanted to write these words out .
sorry if none of it makes sense i was rewriting bits of it everywhere .
only trade with acc which birthday was not set yet .
so this is something that we all have obviously i 've seen the ads for the industry superfunds and doing a little digging i 've seen that the average returns are less but there 's no administrative fee .
is there any other difference i am missing or does it come down to just the fees charged ?
like why ca n't i call it in and instead of having to load to the acc just press a button to have it fly me across the map to another position ?
okay so first of all did n't even know this sub-reddit existed though looks like it 's not very popular but ill post cause the story i have to tell is just to stupid not to .
anyways the other day at work we found a rusty tool an example being a tool that a bit of rust wont ruin it cause it does n't have intricate parts like a wrench .
i figured i would clean it up with a wire brush or whatever and get all the rust off and paint it a new coat of paint and it would be practically like new .
a few days pass before i have time to do just that when i come across it in the back .
one of my co-workers as i like to refer to him as dumba for the fact he does a bunch of dumb stuff took the tool and started spray painting it .
now some of you might be wondering whats wrong with that ? ''
but the thing is he never cleaned off any of the rust .
so he was basically covering rust with a brand new fresh coat of paint so it could thus rust from the inside out .
i then had to take a wire brush and try and clean off most of the rust before painting it myself .
i guess if you were just born yesterday you would n't know that you should clean the rust off something before it spreads/gets worse before you re-paint it but this guy is an adult though does n't act like it with a wife and kid s .
im not sure if vpn can provide a secure communication channel vpn server 's ip_address during my internet browsing through my browser only or other applications like chat clients steam clients/origin/desura gaming clients too ?
i have seen some super queen attacks and they are beast ...
i was wondering if anyone has made a war base specifically laid out for a queen with healers in the cc ?
i am a mid range th9 with a level 10 queen looking to redesign since i am using a pls do n't 3 me '' base set up when i was fresh to th9 .
should i get the amd fx 9350 or an i5-6600 non k
a month into his trip he suddenly gets an email from his neighbor i am sorry john but your cat is dead '' .
he loved his cat very much and was devastated by his death .
he gave the cat a proper funeral and then was prepared to go back to work again ...
but you know if something like this happens to someone in the future you should not break the news like that i could have got a heart attack you know !
for example you could have sent me a mail saying 'hey john !
your cat is doing great just today i saw it climbing the tree behind your home . '
then another in a while 'hey john i am afraid there has been a bad storm and the tree behind your house has fallen down ' .
then 'bad news john it seems your cat was stuck in the tree when the storm came ...
he is badly hurt and we are taking him to the vet now ' .
and then finally another mail 'i am very sorry john but we could not save your cat ' .
in this way i would have been more prepared for the bad news ''
his neighbor said i am sorry john you are absolutely right .
so john goes back to work trying to forget his grief of losing the cat .
a couple of months later he gets another e-mail from his neighbor .
she is climbing the tree in our backyard now ! ''
i updated to 9.0.2 as soon as it released and have n't had any issues until today .
i have a group text with another iphone user and a windows phone user and have n't been getting any texts from them all day .
i can get texts from each individual but nothing in the group .
just trying to see if there 's a fix before i try to do a wipe and reinstall .
i had the idea to play a celeb who has magic abilities .
i want to trap some un lucky person in my house and play with them turn them into various things to play with various kinks .
you could be underwear a dildo food a lamp whatever .
celebs i enjoy alison brie gillian jacobs jessica nigri jen ledger alexandra daddario hayley williams ariel bloomer barbara dunkelman aubrey plaza milla jovovich jennette mccurdy chloe dykstra melissa rauch and others feel free to suggest some .
are there any cons in buying gray market lens ?
i 'm not sure if those lenses ever need to be sent in or what other reason there would be not to buy gray market lens .
let 's have some honest to god craft beer discussion .
i personally think when it comes to craft brewing the west coast of america does ipas the best where as i think the uk craft beer scene has some pretty damn good stouts .
any theories as to what blizzard will do with them ?
they make far too much gold to remain in game imo .
need 1 to play skirmish with us so we can get through this crucible quest line .
so i wanted to see if it could be done .
i do n't know if this was intentional or an oversight by jagex but you can logout while running if you are not in combat .
all you have to do is click somewhere on the map and click logout/exit to lobby .
what will happen is the animation will play in the background while you are running and when it 's done it will pull you the the login/lobby screen .
of course clicking again will cancel the background animation like it would normally .
perfect to use when you are trying to run away from someone who is going after you .
so lately i have seen alot of posts or comments about poor form so i now want to make sure that i have proper form .
the only issue is my gym has a no camera rule so i ca n't just record myself and post it for you guys to critique .
so should i pay a trainer to make sure all my form is good or sneak film ?
want to move up to 1440p need recommendation for a monitor budget for monitor 400 also i was thinking of getting another 970 ftw from bstock evga site not sure if sli 970 is a good choice or get another single gpu .
what would you like it to be focused on ?
yeah i 'm definitely conflicted which garbage d will suck the worst
press and hold the xbox logo on your console for about 8-10 seconds until the console shuts off .
check the xbox live service status here http support.xbox.com/xbox-live-status !
consult xbox.com/support http support.xbox.com/browse/xbox-one they have a wide variety of topics and tons of support available .
contact xbox support http support.xbox.com/en-us/contact-us they have chats phone calls emails everything .
search use google use the sidebar use the forums .
consult our wiki http www.reddit.com/r/xboxone/wiki/commonissues it 's highly likely that your issue is there .
feel free to summon xbox_support by responding to this comment with their username with u '' at the front .
running into bugs is completely normal if you 're signed up for this .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/xboxone if you have any questions or concerns .
look dude the commentators job is n't to explain storylines it 's to shill the network
showdown is more of a simulator than an emulator .
well i guess it is kind of like an emulator but it is an emulator for competitive and wi-fi battling not for playing story mode or whatnot on phone emulators .
also showdown is n't the competitive scene smogon is which uses showdown as its main simulator for battling .
smogon is the community that organizes tournaments which are played on showdown instead of 3ds battles .
you can still ladder on showdown if you 're not a part of smogon but to get into a more competitive scene and participate in tournaments you 'll have to be a part of smogon .
i 've been seeing a lot of jokes make it to my front page recently and this is the first one in a long while that made me audibly chuckle .
the panthers have an amazing playoff schedule idk if this is the best move
let 's try the hulk running '' https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=e7ca8fmjh00
i could never understand why they were sponsored posts on instagram .
i wanted to make sure everyone gets a chance to see it .
i think i 'll leave it up for at least a week .
my phone gives me an option to send it as an actual size roughly 3mb which is what it says on the computer or phone .
my job right now is only in the shops but once i get fully certified i 'm going to look for a regular ol
man he 's really lippin ' that thing is n't he though i suppose it is his birthday .
for a group of coaches that until now have been praised for developing players i wonder why suddenly it seems like they ca n't or did n't .
but as it stands right now i do n't see it .
let 's wait until a hopeful 5-0 lead late in the game .
they should build something just off the opera house for them to bask on imo like the equivalent of a pier .
it does n't matter who he changes or when ... they always say it 's wrong .
in their minds the entire game of baseball revolves around when you take a pitcher in and out ... oh we would have won that 10 to 2 game if don had just left the pitcher in for one more batter ''
did you see the scan linked under the two rts ?
it 's the one that extends the longest so i think at least for me when i go to grab something scratch something push down on something it 's the first finger to start getting more pressure and bending/tearing
my first item is that i think i have an rt-n10 not an rt-n10p .
getting the wrong firmware on the device is generally not a good idea .
if it 's not the rt-n10 do n't do the following .
the second issue is which firmware i should try to install .
unless otherwise noted in the wiki or forums you 're probably best getting the latest version chaos calmer 15.05 .
i 'm not completely familiar with this specific device but it looks like you can find this model 's firmware here
you probably want the squashfs image not the initramfs .
i 'm not entirely familiar with either but i believe they are just different file systems .
the wiki is n't very clear on the difference between these two however .
you 're probably safe to take the file name from the wiki 's tftp instructions however .
there is also openwrt-ramips-rt305x-rt-n10-plus-squashfs-sysupgrade.bin and i do n't know if that is standalone firmware .
i do n't think it is but maybe it is .
i have no idea how it compares to barrier breaker or chaos calmer .
you pick a version chaos calmer in this case the appropriate architecture ramips/rt305x then the file appropriate to your model .
i do n't know whether to interpret that to mean that rt-n10 units can only be accessed by tftp or whether tftp is acceptable if you get errors from easier methods .
it 's most likely that you need to use the tftp instructions for the first time installation and that you can use the luci interface for later upgrades .
goes about trying to fix the overheating problem with ashebringer
she oughta sell her zero-negativity tech to youtube for a couple billion dollars .
the statistic is 38 per cent of voters aged 18-24 cast a ballot '' in 2011 .
which is 22 percentage points less than the overall voter turnout .
so i see what you 're saying but seeing 30 under 30 in a general voting population sounds about right .
load them up with wood so they 're encumbered !
do you have a source for her photograph being published ?
i did not know this fact and am now very interested .
i just did n't see anything go up into his face mask
when i was at southern in the early 90 's those damn geese were there .
i remember they had just finished putting in all of these brick pavers and day 1 those bastards went full on seal team 6 on people walking on them .
i had to kick one that ran up on me when i was trying to get a number startled the hell out of me .
he just has the goon fleet list and made it public .
i 'm in maryland and we do n't have more than an hour most nights .
he gives it up 5-10 times a game and nhl.com doesnt even record them .
it says 0 give aways this year and only 46 last year .
i live in southwestern ontario our weather is weird this year but i will definitely get my fair share of snow this winter .
should i just stay away from leather boots then ?
i already have rubber lined ones that offer nothing aesthetically .
did n't even recognize this as minecraft until the end .
more classes post-launch i believe do n't expect any new ones on release .
the real obstacle was the mirror and harry solved that for quirrelmort
in taiwan for lantern festival days they release thousands of lanterns as hot air balloons .
about a meter/yard high and a large candle for light and buoyancy .
you can imagine what happens when you let large amounts of unattended small fires float on the wind .
story-wise give the villains that are n't bowser or ganondorf more significance .
seriously porky minch and ridley do n't even do anything of significance .
which is really disappointing because porky is probably the most despicable nintendo villain .
gameplay wise get rid of those forgettable subspace creatures .
seriously we have over 40 different titles represented in smash and the only iconic enemies you use are koopas and goombas ?
also put some actual effort into level design please .
subspace 's level design was so bleak and boring .
setting wise make us go through classic nintendo settings like dreamland mushroom kingdom ect .
subspace 's level settings were some of the dullest and boring i 've ever seen in a video game .
we have so many franchises that you 'd think the work would be cut out for developers but instead we get bland forest level 420 .
i actually like the song and still listen to it occasionally .
again not trying to be a dick i 'm just wondering .
yes it was definitely a good read though completely different type of story compared to ender 's game .
the whole time i read it i kept wondering when the build up was going to end and the real story where the action happens was going to get going .
but going in with advanced knowledge of the plot will allow you to pick up in the subtle hints that you might have missed the first time .
like frodor said you just need to read closely .
you can hear his scream like in pawn sacrifice i 'm coming for you ! ''
see the jaguar blocks really took a moment to grow on me i really like the blocks now because it 's just so unique for a jag .
i really want a lake placid blue jaguar with matching headstock and the hs combination .
i got the 50th anniversary jaguar by the way !
i could say the same about the stun grenade and e.locator .
there are many weapon you can only look at and said why .
up to now sleep gaz were unssen in my game time but i guess that it might become more present in a near futur
i flew from japan to texas on an 11 hour flight and my tv was broken .
i could n't get it to do anything and it would n't even turn off .
i told the stewardess and she reset it and told me not to push any buttons because it would n't reset .
i wrote a complaint to aa because not having a tv wifi nor electrical outlets in the plane is pretty annoying .
that to me seems like a damn rip off .
when i had an appt to find out if the lesions i have on my lungs were growing cancerous or stable benign and he did n't bother to show up for the appointment or even call .
i had one but your mom beat me to it ...
ghosts of onyx is good but wo n't be super relevant now .
it does n't hurt that they got friggin ' greg bear one of the most award-winning authors in science fiction to write them .
with 150k mt you can guarantee 1 or 2 amethyst players from the auction block .
a lot better than a small chance coming from packs in my opinion
the second one is so much worse than the first at least for me 38 weeks on wed .
he could probably submit the same application to both schools !
i am legitimately and begrudgingly disabled and have severe debilitating disabling intractable neuropathic pain all fucking day and this is just funny to me .
harvey did n't have his best stuff tonight and it was n't nearly his best start but that was a gutsy performance working his way out of trouble often .
also some kids especially kids whose parents have money to spare can have the attention span of caffeinated mongooses .
maybe they say they want a phone more than anything in the world but five minutes later they 're on to something else .
i think i 'd do the same thing if i had a kid .
ok if you 're going to have your own phone you 're gon na set it up yourself . ''
the fact that a 9-year-old kid actually sat there on the phone for three hours following instructions tells me that she really wanted that phone and was willing to do what it took to get it p
i mean it 's already a mod but i guess you guys on console need her too ...
budget deck is cheap dust wise deck that new f2p player can easily obtain .
which often means around 1k dust or less which automate exclude legendaries .
patron warrior is expensive because it needs few expansion wings lots of gold which translate to lots of dust .
if you are to say all the things that meet dsm bpd are not me then i am absolutely nothing .
in the absence of any pathology or similar i am bpd .
being an english monoglot is n't an issue in southeast asia but it might be a problem or challenging in certain parts of china .
someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit
bonus fluffyponyza explains why monero transactions are always anonymous even with few transactions per block np-link do not brigade please https np.reddit.com/r/monero/comments/3ok58l/an_upvoted_monero_topic_on_rbitcoin_am_i_dreaming
footer if you follow any of the above links please respect the rules of reddit and do n't vote in the other threads .
they made the missile and support the rebels '' who used it nothing ridiculous about that .
are you arguing that someone ca n't fall into involuntary celibacy ?
given how few incels there are it 's pretty damn unlikely for someone to be unattractive to all people .
now how does one someone fall '' into incel ?
by exhausting all of their sexual options after that one bad breakup ?
so he can only be attractive to one person in the whole world ?
that 's even less likely than not being attractive to anyone so no i do n't think anyone can fall '' into incel .
i have mental illness i 'm poor i 'm terrified of sex and hey short too .
my looks do n't compensate and i have zero social status .
humblebrag all you want but if you are able to attract people you are attractive .
so why have n't the incel communities gone to foreveralone women ?
none of them are desperate for a guy who understands '' .
they want a guy who understands and who they deem to be good enough .
that 's why they reject the notion of dating a male fa a male fa is not good enough .
there have been a few success stories of fa people hooking up on the main fa sub or through pms but guess what it 's always the man initiating and the man is always attractive .
and i apologize and take back my description of you it is now unwarranted .
ryuko matoi http i.imgur.com/srwwsod.png from kill la kill http myanimelist.net/anime/18679/kill_la_kill .
speedwagon with his glorious mane http i.imgur.com/ky4xmdy.gifv from jojo 's bizarre adventure http myanimelist.net/anime/14719/jojos_bizarre_adventure 282012 29 .
what makes you think he does n't have free will here ?
she wants romantic happiness with haruki ok personally i do n't believe that it 's perfect interpration but let 's assume it and she gives it a chance .
those are still his choices and he is n't blameless for them .
however you miss the point that though those are his actions setsuna knew what would happen as a result of her own actions .
let 's take a slightly odd example that removes love from the equation .
let 's say you absolutely loathe jelly beans for some reason to the point of not wanting to touch them .
let 's say then that i give you jelly beans knowing that you hate them and you throw them away as a result .
with whom would you say the primary responsibility of throwing away the jelly beans lies ?
would it be you for throwing away the jelly beans because you hate them ?
or would it be me who knew that you hated them and gave them to you anyways knowing what the result would be ?
she ca n't know that mainly because the anime itself shows that 's not true at all .
in the end yes but that 's why she asks the question how did it turn out like this ? ''
if you look back at the middle haruki 's busy trying to be the perfect boyfriend .
the acts of intimacy the purchase of the engraved ring the wish for the couples ' dinner all of these can be tied back to what i talked about .
haruki even says it at one point i need to make sure that setsuna 's the only one for me . ''
this is something he says while still blatantly harboring feelings for kazusa .
and i think you overestimate the amount of sane judgment setsuna is able to make .
her statements can be equally easily interpreted in a way she is too prone to blame herself for things she should n't .
true i can not prove that she is n't lying about everything .
however what 's more likely that she 's lying about everything taking on false blame and creating scenarios that fit what she 'd do or that she 's simply telling the truth about that ?
she 's used her superior emotional intelligence to shape the scenario in previous situations so why not there ?
they gave a lifetime membership to the first person who showed how the glitch worked .
honestly if bill doesnt break the 4th wall once like this through the series i might be a little disappointed .
even if it 's just a throw away joke and none of the other characters understand what he 's talking about
yeah but as the article you linked to says not nearly enough to get you intoxicated .
although the difference between the mx200 and 850 evo is probably not going to be noticed in any real-world application .
go for this if you want a 500gb drive go for the mx200 for 270 in the other thread if you want a 1tb drive .
1tb 850 evo 's have yet to drop below 300 .
villein was a middle ages serf and had its roots in the roman tradition
i keep reading on the internet that upgrading from 4gb is useless ?
i have 4 gb in my pc 's but it seems like i do n't run the same programs as you ?
what do you run that requires more than 4gb ?
here is oc 's bad check restitution program http www.checkprogram.com/staticwebsites/orangecounty/index.htm
look through the site and see if you 're eligible .
if not you 'll have to head over to court .
this will be outside the small claims limit but suing and getting a judgment should n't be too hard .
sort of know how you feel 31 weeks with twins and yesterday they measured at 4lbs each !
that 's 8lbs of baby i 'm lugging around with me stop telling me how wonderful it is and help me get off the fucking sofa you insisted i sit in ! ! ! !
there was a popular post a few days ago that essentially offered 0 analysis and just referenced this homestead research better to just go to the source .
the rasins are supposed to be the actual mass within the universe .
the bread does n't need to expand into anything .
please read this message in its entirety before taking action .
your post has been removed as it either violated rule 1 http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_1 or rule 2 http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_2 .
please check that your post does n't contain the following issues
your own answer to the question goes in the comments as a reply to your own post .
your post will not be approved unless your own answer is removed from the text box .
you must post a clear and direct question and only the question in your title .
your post ca n't be specific to your situation or involve a story .
please make sure to depersonalize your question and remove any unnecessary context before posting it again .
use the text box to explain your question if necessary but do not use it to share an answer add unnecessary context to the question or include your personal story .
as the submitter any answers or stories go in the comments section as a reply to the post .
this is to allow for users to distinguish between the question being asked and the submitter 's answer when voting .
please note once posted the titles can not be edited .
if your title breaks the rules please feel free to make a new post that fits within the rules .
when you 've removed the answer or unnecessary context from the textbox message the mods for review and reapproval http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2faskreddit subject=post+review+request message=my+post+was+removed+under+rule+1 please+review 3a 0d 0a 0d 0ahttp 3a 2f 2fwww.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/3ok5fr/is_there_a_site_that_you_can_submit_unlisted and ask the moderators to re-approve it .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
does this mean homosexuals are allowed as long as they do n't have sex ?
the mempool overflow protection still is n't released by core hence the amount of installations crashing during the last week .
naturally the effect of this is that node operators do the one thing they know which is increasing the minimum fee for transactions they are willing to accept into the mempool .
higher fees is something the core team may actually be happy about ...
nah it all makes perfect sense to me because all those constructs are the same in japanese .
i 'm that rare beginner who has more trouble with vocabulary than grammar i suppose .
you should look at azuread connect it can not sync back '' users yet but can sync passwords changed on o365 and some sorts of groups .
i believe my texans are going to beat you in that context .
but seriously lgrw abdelkader looks boss so far this season .
as an aussie i 'm just excited for a meat pie
hi sir first thanks for your order at our store.for any questions pls send our online service a email or video if the products itself has any problems we will send you a replacement asap.however the feedback on this piece has always been good.we suggest you to put right water level on this piece and try again for more qeustions psl contactus at info chinaglasswares.com.we will do our best to be at your services
yeah he 's going to be the free to play impact dial just weaker before water 7 comes out which lets you farm v2 usopp
base app is free and you only pay a couple of buck if you want to unlock extra brushes and stuff .
it unfortunately does n't support pressure sensitivity but for taking notes and sketches it works great .
it allows you to create different notepads to draw into .
for me that works great as it allows me to create one for each project i 'm working on
also using the tablet hand rejection works without issue .
it seems like you played well based on op.gg .
if u find an answer let me know i work tomorrow too
you do n't want to go into a brawl against a nagato not in a colorado nor in a new mexico ...
nagato is one of the best brawlers in the game
oh i also wanted to add that i was worried about the dynamic too my boys are best friends and i was n't sure how it was going to change .
turns out my oldest he 's 8 is an amazing brother to both and my middle does n't like toddlers regardless of gender .
they 're bonding finally now that she just turned 3 and can play super mario maker on the wii u .
he 's gon na be the same with our 4th it 's just personality and at 5 he does n't have a lot of patience for little kids 1-2 that do n't follow the rules he 's a stickler for rules lol .
if you 're not german or lucky enough to be featured on the top of the main page or spend every hour in other streams trying to get to know people hitbox is totally dead .
i 'm not sure how much i agree with your post .
there 's no doubt that the majority is european at the moment but saying that hitbox is dead for na is an overexaggeration .
i usually see na streamers in cs go dota 2 and lol .
a part from those which are pretty much the main e-sport games as of now there 's na streamers in minecraft and terraria as well who i even follow .
i not sure what games you stream but that can be a factor as well for your concurrent viewers .
whenever i streamed on twitch regardless of what i was streaming i got squat .
a factor in that case could be the fact that i was streaming dota 2 terraria and starbound mostly .
since we have parallel experiences with the origination of our viewers i doubt we stream the same things .
even watching teams getting trying to get lined up quickly during two minute drills i 'm thinking the pats would 've had that ball snapped 5 seconds ago . ''
it really makes you realize how ridiculously well organized they are .
look at the batman world as a place where animal spirits grant special abilities to certain people whom destiny has chosen to fulfill a certain task .
in batman returns selina kyle is an ordinary woman who after being revived by the street alley cat spirit gains cat like speed and agility .
i would n't be surprised if he has a tin foil wrapped under his silly hat .
so you 're saying that once their usefulness has stopped it is hammer time ?
the beginning in the extended version actually gave that movie a slightly redeeming quality i 'm surprised they did n't keep it in the original it made me actually care about jake sully and it also showed how shitty earth was without having to say earth is shitty ''
you 're rewarded with points that are good for nothing but silly bragging rights .
i concede it can be satisfying for some and i 'm not judging .
not sure how to be more specific than that .
i 'm starting to think reddit is getting way too liberal for me .
rule of thumb anyone who lived more than 150 years ago probably did some really fucked up shit that was considered ok or normal at the time .
we do n't need to demonize everyone from the past .
is 'making a github release but only posting binaries ' a thing now ?
logically they ca n't all get better jobs enough jobs do not exist the portion of minimum wage jobs done by teen agers starting out will remain tiny
i doubt anyone at bungie even went this deep .
i can tell it 's welsh but what does your name mean ?
you should set your system region to us and that way you will be able to experience everything like you want as stated in your post .
you will need to buy us gift cards to add money to that account .
and now i will remove myself i do n't really enjoy qq threads
i hate how in the us there 's nothing about the accomplishments of our rivals '' on mainstream media .
it 's one reason why most americans believe the first man in space was an american .
using the infinite eva fuel feels like cheating though .
well in the song wait ten months '' she goes on about how she has gone through the change guys are noticing her .
but then she tells them to wait ten months .
was it written after the rise of the khmer rouge and she was like a metaphor for the country saying wait ten months when you are all going ape shit then you can rape me cause that 's what you guys do .
or i 'd it like wait ten months when i 'll be an adult and my dad wo n't shoot you for trying to hump me .
on an unrelated note that was some good music .
that 's ok after wednesday you wo n't have to worry about watching baseball because the jays are taking them out
to be fair he was the biggest troll you 'd see .
i think we can use it in a very specific need
in a real time '' app async i could call an api by http request then this api service dispatches 3 jobs onto queue .
these 3 jobs could publish a message to a channel a on success or failure .
then a subscriber could listen to this channel a then broadcast an event to a client channel b .
client could now display notification about every queued jobs are ok '' the thing is partially done '' .
not sure it 's clear enough i 'm just thinking !
harry lloyd viserys did a great job on a knight of the seven kingdoms '' .
charles dance has a great voice but i would suspect lacks the range .
i too like to switch up genres to prevent burnout .
plenty of rest keeping warm and avoiding booze is a good idea but vitamin c wo n't do anything special unless you happen to be deficient in it which is unlikely .
i 'm sorry dave i can not allow you to do that .
baffling that federer lost the match looking at those stats though i suppose the second set skews the stats a lot .
watch it close to christmas/the holidays it 's basically the story of what if jesus came back as a huge black man during the great depression ? '' .
you 'll want a bit of head space free to process everything .
lots of deep ideas and big primal emotions going on .
the mistakes of some should now mean we cross that aspect of life out of our minds as one which should never been looked at ?
i can not explain to you why those people did the terrible acts you are listing but trying to think about the hypocrisy with what you are stating .
simply because of a label the group must be to blame .
i know nothing about you obviously but just follow with me for a second i assume if you saw someone screaming at a muslim on social media or on the street calling him a terrorist and numerous other racist expletives that you would defend that individual or at least not agree with what this person is shouting at them ?
this example is the same at putting the blame of those acts on all christians or on christianity the religion .
another example is in video games if someone who goes on to murder someone or rape someone or any crime really and if found to have played gta v or saints row or even call of duty the media will blow that into whatever story they can claiming that all people who play these games are bound to be profoundly influenced and that more of the crime are going to occur .
sure blame religion for those things i agree with you but man we 're only human we mess up .
do n't be so filled with hate that you have to shove that onto christianity or a religion as a whole .
would you deny that william wilberforce mother teresa and so many many more instances of love compassion and self-sacrifice are acts which are less presented and that you may be letting your hatred of religion cloud your vision and not allow you to see that it 's not all horrid acts misuse of power and not allowing for scientific advancement ?
yeah unless you research certain techs or close certain diplomatic agreements i think you 're right .
was at my friends house the other day and was looking through the leaderboards and i think number 5 desyncs .
well we shelled the fatigued '' red wings and look what that got us
well he should have thought of that before he selfishly decided to be born chinese .
have you messed around with the mixture at all ?
there 's something to be said for switching for the sake of player confidence .
after three weeks and after how bad weeden played last week making the switch to regain team confidence is as good of a reason as any .
just finished the raid last night had 20 shards on me .
none of the loot changed i just got 3 raid guns from oryx in that one run and it does consume said shards as well
im building a white red ally deck and i started of with the intro deck rallying cry .
i have got other cards non that are really expensive but what i would like to know is what cards are absoloute trash in this deck and could be subbed out for something a bit better .
that is not even close to an excuse why you have to have a supercomputer to play a game that console guys are playing .
obviously they can tone it for ps4 and xbone why ca n't they have an option to tone it down to their equal level of a pc ?
but only very quickly in a small resolution without sound or explanation '' .
it could be cg bullshit for all we know .
unfortunately imo europe is n't ready for starbucks yet .
they will take some time to adjust their coffee-drinking culture to match that of starbucks ' primary clientele i.e in and out coffee purchasing vs buying a coffee and sitting around for an hour but when that day comes starbucks will slaughter .
europeans like their coffee strong and not excessively sugared if at all which is the antithesis of how starbucks makes their drinks .
here in sweden starbucks is a brand first and a coffee place second .
people go there because the brand is popular and we have a huge hard-on for american culture in general .
we buy these syrup-filled milk-drinks with vague coffee flavor not because we like those kinds of drinks in general but because they 're from starbucks specifically .
other chains like wayne 's coffee espresso house and barista all modeled after starbucks of course sell smaller cups of stronger coffee at lower prices .
there 's literally four espresso house in a 100m radius in the mall near where i work and on top of that every other chain is represented as well .
i think starbucks can do well in some parts of the world especially where coffee chain culture is n't nearly as big yet but europe is going to be harder because we already drink lots and lots of coffee .
we just do n't do it the same way americans do .
that is n't how the law works the nfl can not just declare that they own all footage and void the fair use provisions that apply to all other media .
sports broadcasts are just as subject to fair use as any other media .
if it goes to court and fair use is the defense the league will very likely lose .
and how do you define not being a part of the party establishment '' ?
and there are a lot of potential factors that can lead to having kids and not enough money to support them .
that said there are unfortunately a lot of people who decide to have children when they are very aware they are not financially able to do so .
i feel like a lot of it comes from a cultural place where people are pressured to have children or told it 'll be fine .
the 960 is a decent graphic card and will run everything that you throw at it but maybe not at the highest settings
they will also be at some committee thing speaking and answering questions later on in the cycle as well .
thankfully it is n't being put together by the dnc .
because i do n't believe those morons are suddenly more anti-muslims .
there are no syrian refugees in poland yet so this is just an excuse for them .
i recommend 1 rocket and 2 either reform or thrive depending on your political leaning .
i want to know if shit like that comes up .
at least quietly pass the info to the adults who can handle it .
that is kind of an elitist attitude but you still have to treat people like they are humans even if you feel better than them .
i am not forcing everyone i know to switch to something else
unless something comes along and changes the landscape enough to make people switch it 's tough to sell someone on a different platform for only a few additional features
40 for the base game the retail 20 for the expansion that releases a day earlier .
the popularity and accessibility of a deck have nothing to do with its effectiveness .
otherwise there would be literally nothing but patrons being played .
i 'm a chick nobody is looking at me i promise .
although they are getting a bit loose now so i 'm probably not a 3x since loosing 22 lbs since july .
always psyched to see quality pictures of less traveled routes at the red .
an would kill one half of a shredder but tazdingo trades evenly .
the only matchup i can see where an is 100 better is against an aggressive hunter .
the way you build up to orgasm the way you hold your breath right before you climax and scream out as you release .
its literal ear candy for someone who is into seeing hearing generally experiencing pleasure in general .
this undoubtedly is fuel for my most enjoyable dreams and fantasies .
needless to say i enjoy myself far to much to your audios .
when i first starting taking my rescue on walks away from the house he would stop when he could n't see the house anymore and want to go back .
but once you expect ironic shitposting does it lose its irony ? ...
however due to the low density of okc users in my country many of the more interesting girls i speak to live 60-90 minutes of travel away .
it 's not really worth making that kind of trip just for coffee .
usually it takes a while to schedule something anyway so there 's plenty of time to gauge how well we click through okc and texting obviously no substitute for in-person chemistry but it makes for a good first approximation .
i rarely go into a first date without having at least a hunch that we 'll click .
it seems like much of the discussion on this sub is focused on a really active kind of okc use where you 're constantly setting up dates with people 10 minutes away from you which makes it more reasonable to keep the first date small and casual and also makes it easier to set up a date last-minute someone different every week .
but i feel that 's only really possible if you live in a major city in the us .
cam someone tell me the chances of him capturing tirion .
ca n't you bring up 607bce and make it a family worship '' thing like look up the dates from the insight book and build a timeline .
my first thought would be take the idea and give it a material update
i do n't think it 's out of focus it 's more like a kind of orten effect .
monsoon wedding is one of three romance movies i enjoy .
last unicorn upsets some people because the dialogue is.. weird .
i love it because of the atmosphere and world it creates .
it 's so rich the voice actors are talented and the art is just so unique and beautiful .
it has its flaws but since this list was top favourite movies and not top best movies i chose it over others that are technically better films .
when i read about sweet tooth i thought that maybe it would explain all of the plain vans i 've been seeing online .
it also serves as a good gauge to say look order what ever you like do n't look at the prices '' .
most of the time the women are mature sometimes they get silly but the ones worth keeping are the ones who do just that and order what they want .
i 'd probably judge them negatively if they ordered something really expensive because it 'd be a sign that they are instinctively a high spender that i 'm incompatible with .
het is niet veel werk maar je moet het wel lang laten sudderen .
i do n't think anybody knows for sure how it will end up at this point but based on the limited playing time west seems like the surest bet .
i am going after davis since i am the 3rd pick and the charles owner is 2nd .
i think there is still a chance davis can win the job and at this point i do n't mind dropping agholor
no just armor but there is shield gate on enemies just like you have .
atlas 's have a shit ton of shields and armor .
i think like 21,000 shields and 23,000 armor on gold .
so if you are shooting with just an avenger x that does 48 base damage an entire clip is only doing 1440 damage to shields then armor is even worse like u/reivision said you will only be doing 5 damage per bullet so 150 damage for a whole clip .
sounds a lot like peyton a few years ago no ?
my biggest surprise is that none of the major media companies are saying anything about this ...
i am 6'1 and i felt like a manlet when i visited the netherlands .
but everyone was so kind i was a happy manlet
i do n't trust airlines who ca n't set up a damn router
there 's a little more to it than that https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=osuvlmdwyua
i am not quite an omega i hope but this is a valid point .
thanks for the criticism but what you 've mentioned were all things that i am purposefully straying away from .
there is no b section its all a sections .
clipping with the mic is intentional the distortion adds a warm yet aggressive angle to the music .
its an allusion to the repetitive cycles of domestic violence .
you guys shoul dmake an appointment at the border !
this could be also caused by the age difference i am one of the younger in my department and still 5 years above the average of the survey so i assume there were not many translated vns during my colleagues ' freshman years .
vns are also quite time consuming so people are less likely to get into it after they started working .
also i am wondering if there is a difference between east and west i live in the east .
i can imagine the anime scene was a bit delayed here for reasons .
yeah i agree seriously ou could not tackle at all !
it reminded me of techs defense 2011-2014 i think we have finally improved a bit there .
you did n't even get to see much of the offensive scheme with how often they were getting after mayfield or plays just got blown up at the los .
i do n't put this loss on stoops y'all just sorta came out flat .
this just be for locally but personally the best thing i 've found for miranda is to keep here fairly stripped down maybe some damage mitigation upgrades and tlt .
people seen to fear her and she becomes an early target allowing your other ships to pick pfg the swarm of things following her .
you can use slam to get her of of most arcs and minimize the damage she takes but while always leaving your opponent feeling like next turn they 'll get to blast her with everything .
i would have thought this was a total karma whore post if not for you reminding me of something that i could have possibly been confused about such as whether or not i had to purchase my dance emote
getting laid off for being an incompetent company bad .
that searching kind of eye contact where it lasts a moment longer than it necessarily needed to .
i do n't think that they can be pulled let alone be placed on another candidate .
that would make the concept rather useless but again i 'm not sure .
hope he does not turn into a mitchell or a he might have galiardi disease and ca n't score even if the goal was the broadside of a barnyard .
most exile are vile scum ... switch to dominion today and join the good guys !
those examples really do n't work the traditional capitalism one assume that your cow has the equivalent value of a bull which allows you to make more cows .
if bulls existed in the other scenarios the examples would be wildly different .
hmmm i actually dont think so we will have to agree to dissagree .
lets just hope we never get the real answer !
false according to information published by sergio dellapergola at the hebrew university of jerusalem
the table at the very top outlines the social demographic proportions over the past 2000 years .
study data structures and algorithms while also working side projects .
data structures and algorithms are used in interview questions you should practice these interview style questions frequently .
knowing that you 're norwegian makes me think your real name is simon
damn maybe the devil should hire an advocate that does n't start crying when someone responds to their point .
i can make out all the acronyms except the c at the top .
it 's not cocaine because that must be coc '' .
hardened bsd is it 's own bsd https hardenedbsd.org it looks from my quick glance at their site that it 's based on freebsd .
i 'm a cat turd stuck in a female body your comment offends me and my friends .
playing white for abzan ascendency has been really good at least in my testing it just grinds out so much value
i throw another vile of whatever made hank go insane the first time in his face again and watch him break down before i kick him to death .
if weed is legal should we also legalize lsd opium morphine heroine each one is just a little bit more harmful than the previous
i think all drugs should be made legal but i agree that it is a controversial opinion .
i am of course not in favor of heroin in the supermarkets for such a substance i am more thinking of controlled heroin distribution for people already addicted to it and with medical supervision that 's already a thing in some countries although governements often oppose it and get it shut down .
since you seem to be french-speaking that short documentary https www.reddit.com/r/belgium/comments/3jsw9m/french_une_ann c3 a9e_de_dragon_short_rtbf_documentary is well-made and interesting if you want to know more about it .
you seem to think that prohibition stops people from taking drugs or harming themselves but i strongly disagree .
in fact it seems to me that drugs have never been so easy to find .
on top of that prohibition just foster clandestine chemistry and is responsible for the exponential growth of new potent and often dangerous substances on the market there is a large underground industry designing and manufacturing drugs not yet covered by law cut one head and ten will takes its place .
new psychoactive substances nps or ‘new drugs ' were detected in the european union last year at the rate of around two per week according to an update issued today by the eu drugs agency emcdda .
a total of 101 new substances were reported to the eu early warning system ews in 2014 up from 81 in 2013 continuing an upward trend in substances notified in a single year .
this brings the total number of substances being monitored by the agency to over 450 with more than half of that figure being identified in the last three years alone .
this is purely a consequence of prohibition and it is n't even a new phenomenon .
why do you think traffickers introduced mdma on the drug market in the 1970s ?
as a legal replacement to another earlier drug mda which had just been made illegal at the time .
and the list is endless take for example the infamous china white '' https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/α-methylfentanyl of the 1970s that caused many deaths .
it has been like that since the very beginning of prohibition only a few months after the 1925 international ban on heroin clandestine labs were already using loopholes in the laws to distribute novel synthetic opiates https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dibenzoylmorphine .
and i am not even speaking of all the money and power that goes to violent criminal organizations .
as an example the still ongoing mexican drug cartels war has now killed more people than the war in afghanistan and it does n't affect criminals alone quite the contrary more than 1 million people got displaced because of that war .
in my opinion that alone should be enough to radically change drugs policy .
whoever came up with this whole war on drugs i would like to kiss him on the lips and shake his hand and buy him dinner with caviar and champagne .
the war on drugs is the greatest thing that ever happened to me and the day they decide to end that war will be a sad one for me and all of my closest friends .
and if you do n't believe me ask those guys whose heads showed up in the ice chests .
i could n't have gotten so stinking rich without george bush george bush jr ronald reagan even el presidente obama none of them have the cojones to stand up to all the big money that wants to keep this stuff illegal .
from the bottom of my heart i want to say gracias amigos i owe my whole empire to you .
joaquín guzmán https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/joaqu c3 adn_guzm c3 a1n allegedly mexican drug lord and billionaire '' one of the most powerful people in the world '' according to several forbes ' annual rankings .
i do n't think prohibition works the way it was intended to ...
i played about an hour against u/wrastor last night and this bug was what let me actually take a set off him .
you may squash it but i 'll never forget it !
it 's not going to break the opening weekend record simply because it 's being released in december .
i 'm still in that process but since it 's been over a year i think i can answer this .
no i actually attract more women now than before because i 'm in a better place and still working on it .
however now that i 'm in a much better place in all aspects of life i realize that many women just are n't worth my time that i would have lusted over and given time before .
i 'm still young though who knows if that might change .
it takes longer for me to ask siri how the weather is then it takes for me to put my thumb on lighting fast touch id and touch my weather icon .
its just that when this one is the daily whoever the tier 3 boss is will appear
i thought we did n't use the harriers anymore and i never saw one while i was in norfolk but jets usually used nas oceana ?
well ost is about early to mid germany so they had infantry .
most of the time the girl just wants to stay friends with the guy .
it 's not like she 's taking advantage of him by asking for free dinners .
honest question though if the guy develops interest in her but she does n't feel the same way is it better to stay friends or stop hanging out with him ?
well i do n't think dead onion is a bad item i just never get any damage or fire rate after taking it .
i 'm just speculating here but are n't the commercials/trailers before a movie more a decision by the movie theater company ?
your idea makes a lot of sense which makes me question whether this kind of decision is even in their hands .
i would say no since the commercials are all local-based and the trailers are not specific to one studio .
it felt like a game that really capitalizes on players nostalgia for star wars .
as someone moderately interested in that franchise i thought the game was fairly generic .
it 's a team vs team game with almost no synergy and call to cooperation and overall felt like a very casual multiplayer experience .
but maybe that 's the entire point of this game and i 'm just not the demographic .
i think this will be a big hit on consoles for players that think cs or even bf is too hardcore .
well shit lost a whole bunch of money on the blackfoot .
both could potentially be there before the race actually starts but the doctor is far more proficient at time travel than the flash .
the tardis is capable of travelling between places in zero time in any event which is still shorter than the time it would take the flash even if that time was something ridiculous like 0.000001 milliseconds .
however pakistan doesnt consider osama as being a terrorist but a supporter for their sunni cause .
most people ca n't take a spare hour and turn it into an hours worth of wages .
it 's mentally much easier to spend 90 minutes in a car every day commuting than spending 100 for a ride .
our entire labor force used to be be structured around farm labor thus why summer vacation for kids so they can work in the fields .
a driving car will revolutionize transport in ways you or i ca n't even imagine .
so you choose to save upwards of what 3-4 seconds per full jungle clear and in return basically force your midlaner to play an unfair matchup ?
i do n't know your situation but i recommend cardio every day .
jogging or bike riding will really help your lungs .
i 've been running since 2006 and it is the biggest reason i have the quality of life that i have today .
if you infuse your spindle into other weapons they wo n't be affected .
they did n't say anything about infusing into your spindle .
if the fish are n't going to be consumed you may want to make it a display tank then .
find species that are pretty to look at and use them .
if you poke around the forum you 'll see arduinos used for a lot of things but most common are monitoring ph nitrate/nitrite levels tank/air temperature and other factors of water quality .
both autofeeding and topping off your tanks are probably more easily accomplished with mechanical or off-the-shelf solutions that are then tweaked .
timers to feed the fish twice a day and a small float valve system to keep the fish tank topped off which you can find at an aquarium store .
nothing says low/no maintenance like having as much of a reduced cost/increased mobility to your system than a set of solar panels and batteries on their own cart supplying power to run that pump 24/7 .
arduinos can be used to monitor the status of the solar setup along with the aquaponics aspect of the project .
edit by increased mobility i mean you no longer need a power grid .
it 's good to sell it as a project for areas with limited/no infrastructure .
use www.rankednotes.com to take notes to better learn from mistakes !
i 've done something similar to mine maybe i 'll post it in r/headphones later .
i am hoping a compass possibly even with degrees will replace this in future models .
i think that if aliens are here/visiting it is not just one race .
if programming languages are consistently used wrongly '' are they good programming languages at all ?
if so your problem is that you use apple products .
ca n't wait to see my professor 's face when he walks in the door .
i did it once that led me to diy thankfully without that experience i probably would be buying juice at retail .
is a gamestop dragonite considered as a new '' event ?
couldnt you just use the pi camera and have it monitor for movement without displaying any images .
like a security camera that only records when it senses motion just no video output ?
my friends would n't snitch haha the ones i party with are all close friends .
for a few of them it was a first time and i felt pretty bad that i hyped them up for this experience and they got nothing .
not to mention that because they 're pretty introverted they ca n't enjoy a concert without drugs ... .me and one friend were off dancing and the others were basically locked to their seats acting grumpy as hell .
i told them we may as well get the value out of those expensive ass tickets and enjoy itl but they were like nope
good luck to you they are right though it 's a great example just not yet haha but when she 's old enough to understand i 'm sure she 'll be proud of her mom .
you never know where life will take you that degree may help you someday maybe in another town or starting your own small business or something .
thanks for sharing i love being reminded of how diverse this community is
did n't come from a type of language that used to be used several hundred years ago by using unintelligible words to hide what they were saying ?
the problem is it 's already saturated people are just trying to buy whatever they can
he got married at 19 to a bitch of a girl .
i 'm happy for him but we have n't spoken in 2 years .
i thought we 'd be having great party times through years of age 19-25 but nope .
i got wine drunk some years ago while playing wow .
and this was back when 5000 for an epic mount took months and months to farm .
i too do n't know what an upvote is and comment unnecessarily
talk then boot as he seems like a bad egg .
usually they are more connected with the foreign world '' and like to party so it 's not your usual ol from the countryside that is waiting for a salaryman to take her and make babies but i know one girl precisely that is well educated and had a good job here .
the problem is that i ca n't say if she was removing her piercing for her job .
if it was the most liked comment it must be true .
i saw a gif of him doing this at an indy show and have been hanging for it to be done to a wwe crowd .
when i was a kid i 'd learned about a paraplegic cousin of mine committing suicide .
he 'd called a few people all day asking to hang out and they all turned him down .
turned out an acquaintance of his had come over .
he got caught by my cousin and when my cousin confronted him this guy shot him .
he got away with it for a year until the barnies finished their investigation scrubbed their initial assessment of suicide and arrested the guy .
i was n't close to my cousin but he was a good fella .
and they knew they should n't possibly even could n't keep it .
and despite the downvotes i got my deposit back as i did n't end up purchasing the vehicle i was looking at .
for your listening pleasure here 's the band leesa 's cool cover of hyuna 's red '' .
the video is titled leesa 리싸 빨개요 red cover '' https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=tkeqylj6nio
why do you think she is wearing a mask ?
man people are hoarding the blue because they were not in the first 15 minutes ?
i 'm sending out reasonable offers blue han/blue boba both sold out btw and nobody is biting .
i guess i 'll wait and see if they show up tomorrow or wednesday .
cant deny i 've thought about living that kind of lowkey easy life too .
you ca n't be booked as a babyface if you arent being put in a position to get cheers .
he 's gives everyone a stone cold stunners back in the day in his run as the top face including his teammates .
if triple h or even jericho did that they get booed and thus are heels .
when austin does it he gets a big pop .
he 's still the top face in the company .
reaction is the most important thing in determining a characters alignment .
he 's an anomaly because people pay to see him as a face but boo him at the shows .
i am not going to explain the entire process of creating an algorithm to you just to show you that i know what i 'm talking about .
the algorithm is just the key into this supposed vast library .
instead i will give you the opportunity to state how a mathematician like yourself can verify empirically that the library is valid with out any sort of verification other than going by the programmers word .
do you know how easy it is to build something that looks exactly like what the creator is claiming ?
oh by the way i built the exact same thing two seconds ago and predicted your comment .
i have proof this is a snippet of my library
how the hell do you think encryption algorithms get written ?
donec nec dolor pretium dictum felis at tincidunt magna .
you made the mistake of posting a non-liberal supportive circle jerk comment on reddit .
there 's a reason you rarely if ever hear of a gun store/range getting shot up by a mass murderer .
you 'd have about 20 holes in your chest before you hit the ground .
in what world will a would be criminal follow the fucking law when purposely trying to kill someone .
if criminals followed the law they would n't kill people because it 's against the law .
try not to go too hard on the guy maybe he had someone from sales nagging him about the site being down and he just decided to reboot it even though he knew it was up not realising the server would hang
from my trip to the same spot last month .
then again there are some people that when they are told no you are clearly wrong '' they interpret that as hostility where there is no hostility just facts .
i scrolled down to comment with this but i see you 've already got it covered .
i think this is a huge part of it .
religion is put on a pedestal such that to many people criticizing their beliefs is taken as hostile even if it 's not done rudely .
suicide or taking advantage of a position of authority ?
a lot of people have the idea that suicide is a one way ticket to hell .
i have asked them to show me where the bible says that .
there is really no clear theology on the subject .
the closest i can come is in 1 kings 19 .
in that passage elijah is dealing with trauma and running for his life .
here is an instance of god offering hope during a desperate time .
i think all people need to understand that crisis mental health suffering and hopelessness lead to suicide .
when those folks jumped off of the wtc was that a sin ?
my point is that suicide equating to sin is very weak theologically and i think the example of jesus towards the suffering was a better example in how theology should work .
btw i 'm not a pastor or even in church .
i am just sharing a proper theological and ministerial perspective imho .
space and dinos are back it 's like the 90 's never left me .
i traded ronnie hillman and blount for him in a standard league this week .
i think he 'll be better and more consistent than both cross fingers
people do n't usually abandon kids that they want .
it does n't make it any less shitty when they get abandoned .
yeah i 've had deer walk around my tent stepping on the rain fly while feeding .
i 've heard them make this snorting sound right up close .
i agree except that columbus day never really made much sense to begin with given that he had nothing to do with the us .
it appears that you 're posting from a brand new account to prevent spam we automatically remove posts from new accounts .
feel free to wait a few days and try again .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/delicioustraps if you have any questions or concerns .
if it makes you feel any better less than ten minutes ago i tripped while carrying my cheese and toast .
the toast did an impressive skid all the way from the kitchen to my bedroom door .
the cheese went under the shelves and got covered in dust .
i can say this regardless of what you say there are more than enough people on forums/reddit and everywhere that have picked apart how the game is operating with all the hardware and that it is n't utilizing enough .
i 've played a lot of serverside/instanced games as well .
if this game was at all as complex as you 're saying it would have more negative performance against my computer in usage .
however my cpu sits at 58 and gpu at 65 .
to me that just shows that it is n't utilizing and prioritizing properly just as the studies have shown .
these people as well very well know what a game engine is .
regardless of how the engine is built it is structured around d3d9/dx9 which in turn is horrible for futureproofing optimization and performance .
this is the same reason that crysis 1 had such bad issues .
if it is n't as simple as i think elaborate a little more in depth on the engine for me and the instructions and complexities you speak of more personally to better define yourself and shed some light on the situation if this is the case .
not arguing just intrigued if this is the case if everyone else has been pointing otherwise for the past 3 years .
i mean this is a modified guild wars 1 engine .
you can only paint a turd so many colors .
but there are reasons why other developers of other games update their engine and everything behind it server and client side .
hmm while i 'm kinda just fine with gb except the midi incompatibility and mainly the file format problem .
do others let you save some in a format that previous versions can open ?
i mean this is the kind of stuff i write record and mix '' https soundcloud.com/myprettycabinet/keep-coming-back
i just did a song with logic for the first time and i could kiiiinda get my way around because of gb but i guess i wan na know what is different between the two ?
akatsuki no yona https hummingbird.me/anime/akatsuki-no-yona is one of my personal favorite action/adventure shows .
spice wolf https hummingbird.me/anime/spice-and-wolf does n't have action but has just about everything else .
great dialogue+character interaction buuttt ... .. also a partial adaption
one more it only meets the first three bullets adventure comedy
drama it 's about 20 years old 6 episodes long and adds one genre to the mix that you may or may not be opposed to ecchi but why not ?
true but given they 're out in the middle of goddamn nowhere and you can see the lack of animals in the way 99 of reasons do n't apply here .
we were twenty miles from land that could have cattle .
and we all had separate opinions on what did it .
pack of wolves bear and of course sasquatch was mentioned frequently .
rip in peace my son never go big on t3 .
for the same reason christ was dismissive of good actions by using the phrase even the tax collectors do that . ''
murder is bad '' is not the love to which we are called it is what anyone could stumble across without any appreciation for anything greater .
i fall inlove with her the 1st time she was released .
she is the best in her abilities i really love putting her in my squad even she 's a 6 she 's quite useful in raids especially in medal rush some gq some trials some quests .
now she 's having 7 she will solidify her title as the queen of ailments .
it has a power range of 7-75w and has an option for tc at 5j-50j at 280-500f .
it has a minimum resistance value of .2 ohms and a max of 3 ohms in power mode and .05-.3 in tc mode .
even if you do n't like or ever plan to use tc the ipv d2 's power mode is pretty handy and usually runs anywhere from 40 45 .
i read about this concept called hug partys or something similar .
its all about non sexual human touch and interaction .
it may seem complex but it actually requires a lot less data and resources so something like that is actually more ideal than traditional video capture for that reason as well as the fact that you 'd have more control over your final video .
personally i 'd love a manual record '' unlimited time option for pretty much every game since i actually edit video games into full length movies .
i 've tried to contact trancesf on instagram to no avail .
tickets go on sale at noon pst and i 'll be sure to be on ticketmaster by than .
does anyone know if we can buy more than one ticket with one promo email ?
my friend wants to go and he wo n't have access to a computer at that time .
when the head administrator makes high 6-7 figures i would say theres some waste and excessive spending going on .
they are running a charity when the head people make that much money they are running a for profit business with tax loopholes .
a modest living yeah i can agree with that .
they are taking and making it their career and should be conpensated their time .
but to pay them 300k a year for that time tax free nah .
i may not like the answer ... but eli5 how american airlines can remove the video from social media and even r/videos
woah i guess that i should start packing my bags to get away from this dangerous country .
well if you ever want to send some of that luck my way feel free ... .haha that 's so great !
its not impossible to do endgame without parsing without parsing you just do not know who is holding you back .
i believed it mostly because of it being a job as a mystery shopper lol well at least i learned a lesson from this
one of the first few comics i read with such a unique art style/panel design
haha this mod comment is my favorite comment in a while .
more talented ... but how many of them will draw money ?
it is not their fault either it 's the fucked up outdated system of the wwe that needs to change
so looks like there 's a time management game is that what these are called ?
anyway it 's the casual genre where you have workers running around a point and click adventure endless platformer some sort of fighting game or beat 'em up ?
can anyone comment on the quality of the games themselves ?
especially the adventure game since it seems to maybe be the best out of these .
what is something you 'd do different if you had a better midi keyboard ?
and the game is boring and i like shooters .
it 's a nostalgia kick that loses its appeal in 3 hours or less .
yeah if we 're talking like national championships you go for it ...
but we 're talking like low level not even an amateur tournament really .
if their confidence will take that much of a hit for a simple and very rare call out from bob they should be doing something else ...
take note that for no specified reason no-parking signs were put up by cpd all along cornelia between halsted and sheffield addison between the red line and halsted and wilton south of addison effective today through wednesday night .
so the neighborhood just lost a good portion of parking spaces tomorrow putting the remaining ones at a premium .
he was interested in the kansas state job at one point i believe .
at this point though he 's told everyone he 's staying here till he retires .
well he could always get work in the galleys along with other commuters '' .
wait til you take a good look at the taco bell menu .
i also call her queen eleanor as she is the head of the canine household .
i 'm not overly confident in my looks and i 'm extremely nervous about my engagement shoot tomorrow .
our photographer is great the outfits are set and i 've done some beauty prep in advance .
any advice on how to be comfortable and confident when someone has the camera pointed on you s ?
if you 're in sf i 'm at least 18hours of you .
i 've been getting deep into the rabbit hole and i find the best way to learn about bitcoin is to use it for the everyday .
my first purchase with bitcoin was going to a pub and buying a beer .
long story short i love fried chicken and bitcoin .
i do n't think a mushroom would have a happy voice it 'd be a more sullen and depressed voice .
it 'd say things like just going to my 9-5 it 's like your 9-5 .
kept in the dark and fed bullshit all day . ''
cs go dedicated servers will soon require steam game server login tokens gslts .
this is the existing system that tf2 uses for favorites migration .
stage 1 now the gslt creation utility goes live https steamcommunity.com/dev/managegameservers .
please test the interface and report back any issues in creating accounts .
note that tf2 server operators can now use this form to create gslts for tf2 appid 440 .
stage 2 an update to cs go 's dedicated server will include the sv_setsteamaccount convar that allows you to log in with your gslt .
in this stage it will still be possible to run a dedicated server without a gslt .
anonymous login will happen automatically if no game server login token is specified .
please report back any issues with logging in using the game server login token or otherwise .
stage 3 anonymous logins will be disabled in cs go .
op note not on reddit as a reply on csgo_servers instead !
u/cadjr2003 is my trading partner we both received our cards
so i 'm exploring a root dungeon and there is sudden mysterious rumbling ...
i need help finding an anime but i only remember one episode .
in the episode there were two guys talking about how they analyze and categorize girls ' boob sizes .
then they were seen talking with girls about teachers huge boob sizes .
then there was a creepy guy who put two girls under control and made them start undressing one of the guys from before tries to stop him but becomes trapped by creepy guy .
he escapes and stops him and that 's really all i remember .
i will be talking about the fictional story of a beginner 's guide '' and it 's fictional characters davey and coda .
i do think the story is a metaphor for the real davey wreden and his struggle with success and it 's implications but i have no doubt the story itself treats davey and coda as fictionalized separate characters .
coda does have a problem with davey playing the games because he 's clearly violating boundaries .
not only does he show the games which are clearly meant for personal use to other people he also alters them by cheating and 'fixing ' them as he sees fit .
here 's the catch he might also be stealing them .
this is not something that davey himself is communicating in his narration in fact he 's pretty open about calling coda a friend he regularly meets .
i do not think this is true and there 's several hints to this
do friends really not see each other for several months with nobody coming over because they 're worried ?
do friends send each other zip-files and mail when they could easily tell each other ?
do friends really not know the other person 's gender ?
there 's several hints in the story that coda is female every pronoun the actual games show is female the player is adressed as ma'am '' the idol the player has to impress on stage is a female photographer the person inside the prison is female one game literally has you playing a typical housewife and when you play the game in other languages e.g .
french even the dialogue trees address the player as being female .
fictional davey who has consistently been a very unreliable narrator does n't see this actually he 's not seeing lots of things .
he 's not seeing the hints coda drops about him leaving her alone he 's not hearing the audio messages in the stairs level and he 's not understanding how much he 's pressuring her to give him new levels just for him to overanalyze them .
but how did he get those levels to begin with ?
maybe he hacked into her computer maybe and the trailer strongly hints at this he found '' a computer with strange files on it and continued to pester it 's anonymous owner .
she plays along reluctantly after all he 's a fan who somehow came across her games .
she notices strange behaviour though him changing up the games sending them back giving notes improving '' and finally showing them to other people even though she clearly told him not to .
she sends one last zip file and decides to let it go .
she ca n't help him even though she tried making games about his condition just to make him understand .
edit also the player meeting the female photographer on stage is actually a recreation of the supposed meeting between davey and coda complete with a very aggressive director '' who 's trying to retcon the meeting into something that never happened .
the iron curtains coming down are n't trying to shield coda from herself they are trying to shield her from davey .
i 'm trying to run visual studio code on rhel through xterm via x11 forwarding .
i do n't want to install a full desktop on rhel since it 's a shared resource .
is there a minimal ui subsystem that can be installed just so i can get a gui editor up and running remotely ?
most people pray for good health a loving family and to win the lottery .
i asked can you send me to a game-like fantasy-style world ?
it ca n't be too unrealistic but also it would be nice if i was immortal to some degree .
oh yea no rape or slavery either cause then i 'll have to spend the whole time trying to create a perfect society and i 'd rather not have to deal with all that nonsense .
no other players either cause that always creates a ton of annoying drama and i just want to have a fun relaxing and enjoyable time.
three years later after i had completely forgotten about all that ... well better late than never i suppose .
the moral of this story is to be careful what you wish for also cuteness is justice so do n't complain if adorable bunnies beat you to death and devour your corpse .
this story includes profanity numbers humanity nudity uncomfortable realism in a fantasy-world awkward but mild sexual-content descriptive violence and gore nekomimi necrophilia bizarre and disturbing sexual-content offensive language plus all of the other things that disclaimers usually have to tell you about .
do not read this if you dislike transportation virtual reality fantasy or other similar genres ... or me because i 'm the author .
i work for a digital agency and we 're doing some usability testing for a client 's website .
we 're looking for 2 people who would be interested in providing feedback that is willing to travel to our office in richmond .
compensation will be 50 and the session would be approx 30 minutes long .
you 'll be required to complete a 10 minute screener over the phone prior to being selected .
we 're looking to do the testing from today till friday during business hours .
if you 're interested in this feel free to drop me a pm with your details and we can chat from there !
hey my friend and i are seniors in high school who are taking an engineering class about development for new products .
my friend 's been thinking of doing a project on longboards flying off if you fall but he needs some survey data to gauge the problem .
so if you guys could take some time to do his survey that 'd be great link here http goo.gl/forms/cg0vqt0eag .
feel free to ask any questions you 've got we 'll try to answer any of them !
hi i 'm having trouble finding a decently priced 3.5 ' sata ssd for my desktop pc .
loaded up destiny to download update 2.01 and had to download a title update there was the first one which downloaded okay and now the 370 mb download got to 50 then slowed to a crawl and it 's been over an hour and only 66 and i 'm on a spark nz vdsl 80gb plan and i 'm sure i have not reached my plan 's download limit .
so what is happening and has anyone else had this problem ?
i mostly use onenote on my windows computer but it 's a desktop and thus stays at home .
when i 'm out i only have access to my mac .
i 've gone between using outline a third-party onenote app that was available before the official client and microsoft 's official onenote app for mac .
this has been the hardest part of switching from evernote .
i always found evernote superior on mac while lacking on windows .
that said i 've still quickly grown to prefer onenote .
of the two mac apps available i find outline uses less memory but seems to have even fewer editing features than the official version .
however while microsoft 's app has implemented more features it runs much slower .
i do n't do a lot of formatting with my notes so outline lacking those features is n't a huge problem for me .
while i 've used both i have n't used either extensively so i 'd like to know which one you all think is superior when working on a mac .
quick edit i realize my title asks which is better '' but i know that 's arbitrary and very opinion-based .
i 'd really like to know which you prefer and why .
i 'm crashing on every single version of minecraft .
i think i am on the fence for this one company i 'm interviewing with and i have a offer deadline with another company next monday will telling them increase/decrease my chances of getting an offer ?
the shockblade zed chroma pack was introduced a while ago and was n't released due to some issues.. is it still not fixed so it ca n't be released ?
i 've never seen so many brits aussies scots and russians in my whole life .
not that it 's a bad thing i 'm just curious .
health packs still give health but they do not put out afterburn
extinguishing teammates and airblasting projectiles restores 30 health to user and grants a 3 second speed boost
when the user dies anyone affected by afterburn has the afterburn damage reduced to 2 damage per tick
this idea is based off of a workshop model https steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails ? id=93466319 .
so afterburn is the pyro 's signature ability it 's what makes the pyro the pyro so i was trying to figure out how to make a flamethrower focused on afterburn without making it incredibly annoying as afterburn kills can feel incredibly cheap especially when the pyro dies and then you die soon afterwards or underpowered as there are way too many ways to counter afterburn now .
if the flamethrower 's afterburn is allowed to run its full duration of 10 seconds it can do 100 damage which is pretty huge .
the fact that health packs do not stop afterburn is huge as well but this is n't as bad as it sounds because if the person being burnt by the afterburner pyro kills the pyro then the afterburn damage will be greatly reduced .
this also means the pyro has to be much smarter as he ca n't just suicide onto a control point hoping to snag some cheap kills since 2 damage per tick is n't gon na kill anyone .
the health restoring and speed boost thing on the airblast is just a nice little bonus .
if you look at the model of the afterburner it has a jet engine strapped underneath it and i thought it would be a waste if it did n't give something unique for airblasting .
health gain and a speed boost may sound a bit op but when you airblast any projectile it is destroyed meaning you ca n't deal any damage back .
please post your thoughts and ways i can make the idea better some ideas partially inspired by this post a few weeks back https www.reddit.com/r/tf2weaponideas/comments/3nvjbj/idea_the_incinerator_pyro_primary .
so anytime i sweat more than a small amount i am guaranteed an infection the next day even if i shower with antibacterial soap right after i work out .
i joined a gym and got an infection literally the day after i joined even though i had been two weeks healthy before that .
i need help on what to eat to make me lose weight without exercise for the time being at least .
i would like to get down to around 200 for now .
is it possible to lose weight at a non-snail pace without exercise ?
or should i look into getting a gastic bypass type surgery or something to take the weight off so i can get rid of my health problems and stay healthy .
i really need help as these infections have been fucking with my already bad depression and anxiety and i am currently borderline suicidal and it feels like even when i am trying to better myself i am just getting pushed back down by this bullshit nonsense .
i 'm looking for some recipes to try out because i 'm short on time but do n't want to have to eat a salad for every meal .
i mean these cards are literally unplayable without warsong commander amiright ? ? ? ?
edit not that i have those cards i 'm f2p
i got myself into the mining guild of all things because back in the day that was a goal so i knocked it out right away .
i think a lot of it is just i do n't know what to do now .
so i guess i 'm asking something like what do you get the most enjoyment out of ?
hi all will be travelingto stowe in the first week of novemeber .
anyone have any good restaurants/brewpubs with good food and beer selection ?
as the title says i 'll be interviewing rob on the upcoming underdark update later this week .
if you guys have any questions you 'd like me to ask feel free to post them .
the results of the interview will be posted on mmohuts/onrpg.com
i would like to welcome sir erid and sir alre00 to our nation !
we hope that you will enjoy your time here and will help estercrest prosper .
okay so i was thinking that a school system that works all year rather than 10 years on and 2 years vacation period .
to explain further basically each school has it 's own 2 set of teachers councilors principles and other important jobs .
while one set works the other is on vacation and vice versa .
from this system each school teaches 2 set of students meaning students get 6 months of education .
the summer students will have the same set of school staff as so for the winter students .
i feel like this is a good idea because teachers will have less students to teach meaning that kids are more involved in their education .
another benefit is that students will have a longer vacation which will require less or maybe no holidays over their education time .
if students want to drop out from the summer session to the winter and vice versa they can drop out and wait until the equivalent month and date approaches .
for example if a kid drops out on march 3rd 3rd month of summer schooling they come back for schooling on september 3rd 3rd month of winter schooling .
however because of the tight schedule teachers will have to very similar lesson plans .
thus in addition to this idea teacher will have a counterpart teacher .
both teachers are selected and put together based on the subject they teach .
the winter teacher will teach the class while in the background the summer teacher can collaborate on lesson plans .
the winter teacher is payed more than the summer teacher because the summer teacher is not responsible for multiple task just lesson scheduling .
to enable consistency the two seasons might not have much difference between each other .
both systems have to agree to a set number of holidays if they choose to do so and that has to implemented on a fresh year .
so fellow lightbulb readers do you believe this is a good idea ?
how does the community feel about having optional indicators for active green pink wards placed ?
as a non-challenger player i find it hard to remember to keep warding and to keep track of how many wards i have out .
this is particularly a problem in late game when myself and my team tend to focus on other things .
it 'd be nice to have a reminder on-screen maybe near the minimap so when you see 0 0 it 's a little nudge in the right direction .
the following links no longer take you to a forum .
q askseagate has http community.seagate.com shutdown could i please have link to forums ?
a thermalzombie yes our forums have shut down permanently .
i 'm the whitest person i know super pale with grey eyes .
i got my full results and discover i am 3 african which was surprising .
this comes from my dad 's side because my mom is also on 23and me and has no african dna .
my father is deceased but his paternal side is all from italy near naples .
his maternal side stays in the u.s. all the way to the pilgrims .
i started wondering if maybe most white people have some african dna but from what i 've read only 4 of white americans have even a fraction of african dna .
i guess i 'm just very curious because this is a part of my ancestry that i 've never considered before .
i 'm assuming it comes from the southern italian branch of my tree .
are there any coffe table books about knolling or done in the style of knolling ?
hey synology experts was wondering if anyone had ever come across a way to recover a folder which was deleted by mistake using file station .
i did not have recycling bin enabled but did enable it before shutting down the disk station .
the disks are in shr 2 4tb wd red drives .
i do n't have access to a linux environment so i 'm wondering if there is a way i can pull one of the two disks out connect via usb and run some form of data recovery program which retains file structure .
i 've been battling pornography since early this year when my girlfriend asked me to stop .
i have always known that porn was bad '' but since i 've learned about the effects it can have on one 's sexual health too .
my girlfriend who i plan to propose to in a year asking me to stop was the thing that pushed me over the edge .
i 've gone on some pretty good streaks but i 'm in a rut now .
i 've watched more porn via peaks '' and some short clips in the past month than i have the entire summer combined .
i feel like i 'm letting my girlfriend down and betraying her and i do n't want to do that .
i 'm also a religious man and have been trying to pray more too .
i ca n't seem to get back on my feet .
there was another post on reddit about what cards would be included in the reddit cards against humanity deck but what about munchkin ?
they can both strip a vietnamese orphan in under 30 seconds .
yesterday i did started week 2 of the bwf recommended program and i have a few questions and statements about form and what i 'm supposed to feel .
deep squats are actually significantly harder when i got my brain to use only the front leg not the back leg .
i felt more pump and tension in my thigh .
i pulled myself up using only my front leg and use no assistance with the back leg .
i 've been doing incline rows wrong all of my life i was always too much on an incline and they were super easy .
getting my chest directly beneath the bar feels harder and puts more emphasis on my back .
diamond pushups are much harder when going full range of motion .
foot-supported l-sits are super hard when putting the hands in the right place .
originally i was putting them next to my glutes but after watching atranik 's video i placed them slightly ahead and bam i couldnt hold it for 30 seconds .
should my foot supported l-sits be with my hands slightly ahead of my butt or next to ?
just trying to clarify that i 'm doing them right .
when doing dips should i be going full range of motion like until i cant go down anymore or should i just go half way ?
i can only two 2 reps all the way down and 7 reps half way .
when doing dips should my back and chest remain upright or is a slight lean forward fine ?
when doing pull ups i dont feel emphasis in my upper back does this do with form ?
when doing hand stand skill work what is a good benchmark for wall planks before moving on to the stomach to wall handstand ?
i feel by 36 hours my muscles hurt the most especially between my armpit and chest and shoulders .
after doing the bwf one time last week the area between my armpit and chest feels weird whenever i raise and pull back my hand i tried stretching it but it didnt help it hurts a little any recommendations ?
when doing reverse planks i dont feel any tension in the core just my arms getting tired is there a proper form ?
sorry for so many questions im just very curious .
i pulled an ssr from my first multi summon on the ssg goku summon event .
should i pull another multi on the summoning event or go for the guaranteed summon ?
i 'm jw if you guys keep the guaranteed ssr pull towards the end of finishing all the missions .
i know you can just do nothing or hope to god they do n't open the field spell that allows them to sync but i was wondering about how you could actually play the match and what the deck 's worse matchups are .
i started in season 2 so i ca n't really comment on season 1 but for me season 3 was my favorite the aggressiveness and snow bally nature of the game was just a ton of fun .
i live in lakewood ca and i 've never fished these two spots or any beach/pier around here .
and are people allowed to go onto the rocks at anaheim bay ?
a guy from a forum caught bass croakers halibut bonefish and a small shark .
i ordered a laptop for my boyfriend and it arrived with a cracked screen and the package is somewhat destroyed ... . is what i took from it .
i think it shipped through fedex.. and we paid 25 for shipping .
i filed a return request saying it arrived damaged and he requested pictures which i 'm trying to get because my boyfriend has horrible service out there in the middle of nowhere and he currently does n't have any wifi .
i do n't know exactly what to do because i do n't know if it 's the seller 's fault or not .
i 'm annoyed and my boyfriend is sad because he told me it was actually a really good laptop despite the screen .
i know you can do online leagues with a bunch of people but could me and a friend simply do a franchise together while playing on the same team ?
this may seem a little far fetched but for anyone who 's dabbled in or heard of psionics would n't it be interesting to create a thought form or a tulpa and in a way insert '' it in a ball of energy allowing it to roam freely and collect its own information ?
its just a thought and i 'm doubtful it could happen but would n't it be amazing ?
i graduated primary and sec school quite a few years ago and jc couple of years ago .
it is the pe physical education rooms in these institutions .
they always have this secret room inside the pe room and it is locked by three huge locks .
the one in my secondary school labelled it as armoury .
i have been meaning to ask people if is it really an armoury for like a long time but due to high levels of procrastination i didnt .
if so can you tell me what is it ?
i noticed this while studying the map and was wondering why with the exception of the orion caliban and tiber systems all of the systems that are marked as belonging to the vanduul start with the letter v '' .
i was curious if there is a lore explanation for this as most of them are also marked uee military classified . ''
or is it a little joke from the devs ?
so recently i got some wondfos off amazon and the add on the page was for condoms .
then tonight i was on the countdowntopregnancy.com forums and saw an add for deli meat .
apparently the people placing the ad for deli meat are n't confident bfps will be happening for most people .
anyhow it gave me a laugh on an otherwise crappy day of the tww so i thought i 'd share .
basically how do i know the trainer i hire knows what they 're doing ?
anyone can get a card printed anyone can whip up website with fake testimonials .
i really need help with my dog but it 's a lot of money for me and i do n't want to waste it .
how can i be sure the person i hire really can help and not just walk away with several hundred of my dollars after dispensing some ineffective bullshit advice ?
just put your username in here and once i invite you to the lobby i will then be able to add you to my friends list making things a lot easier next time .
if you do n't have an account its free to make one .
recently i saw on reddit a statement to the effect that ocean levels have risen approximately 120 meters over the past 20,000 years about .6 meters per 100 years .
this made me curious when did athens form as it was supposedly formed shortly after the fall of atlantis per the myth what would ocean levels have been at the time and how might this affect possible locations for atlantis ?
while using k means clustering in r my first column is an unique identifier composed of numbers but k means includes it in the cluster calculations .
i tried converting this column to character using as.character and even added an alphabet to it but still it gets processed as number i get an average for this column .
that have a clock/track/timer/avalanche behind you pushing you ever faster .
why would i want to be stressed all the time ?
its not that i only play minecraft on peaceful but the first thing i do in minecraft is build a bed so i do n't have to grind through the night .
joe danger is a platformer and i hate platformers .
its interesting that they have built what seems to be such a different game .
while on a trip to a place i had never been before i entered an unfamiliar on-ramp to the freeway .
it looked like a regular on-ramp for the freeway i saw no special markings other than the direction and the number of the freeway .
turns out that on-ramp leads to an expresslanes lane .
now i have a notice of toll evasion violation '' sent to me billing me because
the vehicle listed above traveled on the metro expresslanes without a valid fastrak transponder .
california vehicle code section 23302 b requires that all vehicles including carpoolers using the metro expresslanes have a fastrak transponder with a balance sufficient to pay the toll amount .
failure to pay the violation before the due dates will result i additional penalties and fees and the witholding of the vehicle registration by the department of motor vehicles and/or collection action as provided by law . ''
i plan to pay it off online but their website payment is down right now so i thought i 'd ask the good people of reddit what they thought about this as i wait for it to come back up someday .
i 'd kind of like to fight this on principle but it seems like it might be a perfectly legal trap .
i wo n't be listening to siri 's navigation so easily in the future !
how did you start out your server in order to get it populated .
so far i have been up to around 17 players but thats about it most of the time its under 10 server has lots of features and what have you just missing the people lol .
i have posted the server to a few rust server sites but there are just so many how did you stand out and build a successful server ?
is it possible to dismantle formable nations back to their original root ?
for example in history the greater german reich was broken up after the war into austria germany czech republic czech slovakia .
hypothetically one should be able to break up great britain similarly into scotland ireland wales and then reconvert the root of host nation from great britain into england reducing it 's status back to a kingdom .
another example would be breaking up scandinavia into norway denmark gotland and converting the root back to sweden if sweden formed scandinavia reducing it 's status again to kingdom from empire .
also i wish that if you chip at an empire so often that they are reduced to a opm they still would n't have the empire bonuses !
they should be reduced back to rank 1 government form .
nations that have been dismantled can still form their respective formable nations but will have to go through the grind and requirements again to do so !
play the the new start wars battlefront aswell as payday wow cs go and lol but nothing too fancy .
if gaming what kind of performance are you looking for ?
post a draft of your potential build here specific parts please .
http www.reddit.com/r/buildapc/wiki/pcpp do n't ask to be spoonfed a build read the rules !
pcpartpicker part list http de.pcpartpicker.com/p/28fcpg price breakdown by merchant http de.pcpartpicker.com/p/28fcpg/by_merchant
the case i want to purchase is n't on pcpartpicker but i thought about that .
i really want a nvidia card because of shadowplay and other nice features
but i am open for suggeestions for my build !
i know of another world http www.foxysofts.com/index.php ? l=content/gba/anworld.inc and flappy bird http www.jayvanhutten.com/flappy does anyone know of other homebrew game boy original/color/advance ?
i remember back in the days waiting in vain for cave story http www.cavestory.org/download/cave-story.php the port that sadly never happened .
warsong commander is broken atm as we all know it but what you guys do n't seem to get is that future expansions are coming and we could see many new cool warrior cards that have similar effects to warsong commander but more balanced .
butchering the card does n't necessarily mean the patron archetype will die .
maybe a new expansion will include a card that can expand the enrage mechanic in a more balanced way that is fun to play and can be countered .
i am personally glad that one turn otk of 70 damage is gone from the game that shit is beyond broken and frustrating to play against
hullo i want to improve my current build and aim to start partaking in ga 's in the near future since my key is attuned exciting stuff .
that said i want to be more efficient with what i 've got at the moment .
let me also preface that i 've used this build since launch and used the same build after i subbed again a month and a half ago .
so the rotation of this set is very ingrained into me .
my current build http www.jabbithole.com/builder/spellslinger 18g0f048837064h0/0.0.17e7.33d.0.0 ff gets swapped for am or assassinate depending on who i 'm partied with .
this is the build that i use for both pve and pvp .
the root from ff and spell surged rapid fire wild barrage ts is very hard to beat since from what i understood at launch spellslingers are not supposed to get hit just kite and kill it before it kills you .
this build works just fine in dungeons but when a party asks why your dps is so low with i90 gear on compared to the stalker in party i ca n't help but wonder .
all suggestions and criticisms are welcome i know my current setup is a total wtf why ? ! ? ''
and that is exactly why i 'd like to improve .
that said i want to be a competent contributor in ga .
but i did not level up in ws with charged shot .
and the ss dps guides for raiding are all about charged shot .
i hope you all see where i 'm going with this .
but i have trouble using the cs/ig in actual pve content such as dungeon bosses .
i had always valued mobility to stay alive in fights which is why i kept wild barrage on my bar .
it 's embarrassing to admit that it 's difficult for me to move and hold cs down i do n't know if it 's one of those scenarios where practice makes perfect .
but what i do know is that if i want to be useful in ga and beyond i 'm going to have to use that build or the other ss dps builds from enigma .
i do n't know if there are any allowed improvisations since those can easily be noticed on a dps meter .
so what 's a good way to help open up and practice the raid builds ?
so when ffxiv 1.0 ended the game was rebooted .
so logically i believed eorzea is the same eorzea as it was in that game just changed by the calamity the meteor and bahamut
however i have been told multiple times it is not the same planet or world .
there are so many things that signal it is the same world the warriors of light who no npc 's can remember and even the opening video for ffxiv where the man teleports the guys out of the blast from bahamut and they end up in a forest showing new eorzea
so i 'm confused is eorzea the same eorzea from back in 1.0 just ravaged and renewed kind of like what wow did with cataclysm or is there something else going on .
also why ca n't anyone remember the warriors of light is that just a plot device to acknowledge 1.0 happened ?
back when i first started dipping all i did was cope wintergreen and it was fantastic .
nowadays just smelling any wintergreen just makes me gag .
i thoroughly enjoyed cope long cut and love cope black but i ca n't stand any wintergreen .
i recently bought a can of cope wintergreen burned like hell smell made me gag and i had to take it out and had someone buy me grizzly straight in return for the copenhagen can .
i 'm a christian and i hvae been basically my entire life .
the more i read my bible the more i 'm starting to feel like it 's all made up by weird people who are trying to justify their actions .
i 'm starting to feel like the bible is n't the word of god .
i still believe there 's a god but other than that i just do n't know .
there was this video posted labeled kitkat on xvideos and it had this thai-looking asian girl with a big tattoo on her lower back .
the video starts with her and white guy behind the camera walking through the mall and they get a meal .
then they do a photoshoot in a hotel room and it escalates .
she calls her boyfriend and says she loves him then the white guy gets a blowjob and cums .
then she and the white guy fuck and he cums on her face .
it 's part of a series not creampie thais because there 's some logo at the beginning of the video ...
i am planning to buy a reverse ring for my canon 18-55mm lens .
i am confused as to what should be the thread size of the reverse ring .
should i go for a 52mm reverse ring or a 58mm ring ?
did the internet trolls change modi 's name to mudi to acknowledge his momentous achievements in the field of 'u ' turns ?
if audible shuts down or if amazon shuts down audible do i still get to play my books ?
because they have drm and this limits downloads and playability i 'm always worried about whether my investment in audiobooks is actually safe .
from wattson to viola there are so many gym leaders to tell me witch one is best please !
not really to push my interpretation of the lore onto people but was thinking of writing a bit about some key aspects of the world of dsii and how they relate to dsi .
the intention is much less to spoil everything but more to help players to figure out what events have taken place when they took place and what they mean .
it serves to put the pieces together after players have completed the game in a manner that makes it easier to understand .
it will not be possible to go into full detail about every single aspect of dsii but the following things will get a thorough explanation as possible
what are armors made of and who makes them ?
what is the origin of an enemy in question ?
what major and minor groups make up the world of dsii ?
if there is anything you would like to know just leave a related reply and i 'll do what i can .
any matter that requires a detailed explanation will get a new topic which i will send in a comment to the question involved .
i remember having a old kids toy where you would have to build like a little robot and his armor with plastic pieces and then you would load little metal balls in and fire them at the opposition and it would knock their armor off.. ? ? ?
to elaborate i mean which show or movie that was released more than 10 years ago but is considered timeless .
i do n't mean a show that still running but is 10 years old ... ie the simpsons .
please ignore the 24 days on my badge right now .
i keep trying to ask myself if i 'm a porn addict or not .
i probably am since i have a lot of passwords to different official websites .
i check them on a daily basis looking for the right scene to trigger me .
what i also ask myself is why do i have to claim that i want to quit porn when all i can think about is watching that one last scene before leaving porn forever ?
maybe i give myself false hope to become a better person .
i have a cute girlfriend and yes she 's not the pornstar i 've always fantasised about .
she 's human has feelings worries and complexes that get in the way on this fantasy world that i create myself .
she 's not the sex machine that i connect to through my wi-fi .
in the end she 's been with me for 10 months now and helped me in my struggles and i 'm thankful that i have someone by my side .
i 'm actually grateful that i do n't have any sexual problems like e.d or p.i.e.d .
but i do suffer from social anxiety and i have major glossophobia or fear of public speaking with a sprinkle of the tendency to care about being judged by others .
it 's a bit of a trap for me .
the purpose of this message is that i have lost my motivation to do nofap .
my longest streak was 50 days and i want to go even further than that .
i wanted to know how i can stop relapsing and how i can prevent myself from watching porn now that i have the passwords and the easy access .
any tips for blocking porn on mac and iphone ? ?
i remember when the first gearvr came out some people mentioned that you had to have a contract with some particular operator so you can download some software or something in this sense so people that bought note 4 unlocked could n't actually use gearvr is it still the case for the gearvr s6 ?
i was thinking of getting s6 from ebay/amazon and then get gearvr i am in france and the gearvr s6 costs 199 euro http www.samsung.com/fr/consumer/mobile-devices/wearables/gear/sm-r321nzwaxef
is it even possible/cheaper to order it from us ?
i was wondering if i find the right spot in the tileset will the kuria always be there or i have to be lucky finding it even if the place is correct ?
i 'm asking because the kuria 2-2 is not where it 's supposed to be as you can see in the pictures below
hey guys i 've just posted this over at the frontier forums .
i 'm an avid follower of the reddit page thought some of you here might be interested in checking this out next month it 's for a good cause !
edit sorry guys messed up the link should be there now
or be honest and select for friends who are cool with that .
in other words select only for friends who agree with your opinions and do n't challenge you about anything .
sounds like a fun group of friends to have .
i think i 'll stick with the ones i 've got though .
there 's no reason this would make anyone friendless .
some people might consider what she did to be disgusting or immoral or a million other things .
no one is that unique and there 's tons of people out there who would n't give two shits and would just share an embarrassing story of their own in return .
being disgusted by your friend sleeping with a homeless stranger she just met in the street is not unique at all and i 'd wager that it is a reaction that is very very common .
i would be very surprised if most people in the real world would n't find it to be disgusting .
the question is are the kind of people that pass the filter really the kind of people you want to have as friends ?
nah i work for a rando liquor store in canada .
there was recently a death in my family and to be honest i did feel a strange urge to laugh when i found out .
obviously that 's not a situation you laugh in so maybe it 's more of a personal reaction .
even a kid knows that when he/she wears a hole in their pants it 's going to need to be fixed .
after reading through this thread i feel like op was just panning to mfa to get some positive backing before going to outlier to ask for a handout which he did and he apparently got .
whether or not u/external12 's comment was toxic is subjective .
when i read it it did n't come off as toxic rather a simple statement of so you have a hole in your pants get them fixed ''
outlier is an amazing company so would they be sympathetic ?
read this sentence again and tell me it does n't sound a little shady ?
how can any adult or even teenager not know that it 's possible to mend a hole ?
outlier is an amazing company so would they be sympathetic ?
i think this last part is where op really shows his colors .
imo he 's here to gather the troops have people go on about how great of a company they are and how they might be willing to help him out then take that as ammo to use as leverage to get a new pair of pants for free .
of course this is all speculation on my part but the only way for me to believe that op is 100 innocent in this is if i believe he 's a manchild who ca n't think for himself .
again this is all just a feeling i have but i guess that 's the same thing as your feeling that u/external12 was being toxic .
there are a ton more from your list i 'd like and thank you for your patience too !
christianity has declined greatly over the past fifty something years .
are you suggesting you lower your shits from your asshole using your hands ?
it 's the difference between a few hundred prying eyes to a few million captured in stone ... how do you do n't get that ?
nobody goes around snapping photos of random people lic plates but post it on the net especially reddit.com you have permanently made available to that public information that was n't readily available beyond first hand account .
this difference is important to notice 1 its great to have a system that responds to public reaction i.e. kidnappings manhunts dangerous criminals 20 safety in numbers ... .but posting a random person info online for nor purpose allows for abuse beyond police methods ... .i.e 1 illegal activity identity theft most relevant 2 general exposure for no porpuse sends a statement of no regard to person privacy and lack of general respect leading to a setting of https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/broken_windows_theory
freeing the dd 's in tight white t-shirt in a cold classroom and all !
i actually feel genuinely beautiful when i do that lol .
there was a movie based on a psychopath with a super sense of smell that makes a cologne like that .
seriously where i come from smiling big at strangers will most likely make them think you are going to rob them or try to con them somehow .
maybe its just the way i look but i doubt it .
dumping half a year of savings into an unsure bet is never a wise move .
one of the biggest issues that needs fixing to be honest how did they not see this coming while they were developing for ages ?
it 's so annoying having to keep going back .
kids less than 3 years old are pretty boring after that its a toss up some are cool some are bratty pieces of shit .
have you ever considered that one of the reasons the quality of life is fairly high in sweden is because they benefit from all of the stuff that was created by entrepreneurs in the united states because of a system that incentivizes that sort of thing in the us but not so much in other countries . https np.reddit.com/r/shitamericanssay/comments/39pa77/have_you_ever_considered_that_one_of_the_reasons ?
it 's actually not branch prediction as the paper itself http citeseerx.ist.psu.edu/viewdoc/download ? doi=10.1.1.7.7876 rep=rep1 type=pdf duly notes .
they perform smarter data dependence prediction which is another hugely important part of processor execution just as important if not more so than branch prediction .
in a nutshell when a processor executes instructions it requires some data to operate on which will be generated by prior instructions .
therefore it has to wait on these prior instructions to complete .
this can be difficult to identify thanks to load instructions and others where the dependency can not be figured out until the data is retrieved from cache/memory which can take a while .
developed a smarter way to predict speculate when these dependencies actually exist which allows the processor to
avoid mistakes in speculation which are costly because the processor has to re-execute all dependent instructions
something with a jump mechanic where to dodge the move you have to jump .
i 've been a backer for about a year now .
i originally bought a constellation aquila starter package 6m insurance .
then i wanted something that was flight ready so i added an avenger to the fleet .
i was pretty content and had little intention on dropping more cash before the game was closer to completion since the aquila was and always will be my starship enterprise .
being 350 deep i did n't have the desire to drop more on some other temptations such as redeemer retaliator idris merchantman 890 jump reclaimer cutlass blue orion and the genesis .
at some point i thought about melting my baby the aquila and trying something else out but most of the ships i wanted were n't for sale .
then the endeavor is released and i was really close to melting my aquila but did n't buy before the sale ended ... .
i saw the sabre and was impressed but not for 170 .
then i read about how there is a military sale ...
so i parked a brand new retaliator in my hangar in place of my aquila .
i gave in and replaced my avenger with a sabre also my first lti ship and i could n't be happier unless i add an endeavor lol .
cig made it so easy for me to rearrange my fleet that i dropped another 100 without blinking hoping my wife does n't go snapped on me .
i can always easily go back to an aquila going the other way is much more difficult i kept all of my cool flair added some more flair upped my firepower and scooped some lti .
now i just need a crew to fly my tali with i 'm even contemplating joining an org too
i remember one of my first game asking my friend if i should ignite the baron .
he said i should save it but i still did it .
part of that might be because capital has accumulated so much that now the middle-class are n't able to fuel demand as much anymore which reduces the need for new hire/cost considerably .
this cake is a lie the entrance and exit are opposite of every costco i 've ever been to .
it is like a more brainy and lesa luck-involving version fo monopoly .
so far i 've found it both fun and maddening .
i plan on finishing it and reading it again .
it 's so incredibly layered evidently the more book/world/cultural knowledge you have the more things you see every time you read it .
to me it seems a work worthy of deep reading for the fact that nothing else like it exists it feels like acid in book form .
it piqued the interest of some notable high minds and still stirs critical/intellectual debate almost 80 years later .
this site breaks down pretty much everything in the book .
i glance at it now and again when i come across the stupidly impenetrable passages .
this is a long read in which robert anton wilson shares his thoughts and insights on the wake .
and here 's some quotes about joyce and the wake .
i am convinced personally that mr. joyce is a genius all the world will have to recognize.
finnegans wake is about as close to lsd on the page as you can get ...
if you 've never had a psychedelic reading joyce is the next best equivalent.
i have read finnegans wake aloud at a time when takers of lsd said ‘that is just like lsd . '
so i have begun to feel that lsd may just be the lazy man 's form of finnegans wake.
someday i 'm going to get my article published i 'm going to prove that finnegans wake is an information pool based on computer memory systems that did n't exist until centuries after james joyce 's era that joyce was plugged into a cosmic consciousness from which he derived the inspiration for his entire corpus of work .
i had a girl have to much positive emotion for my penis once .
i love the fact that buck 's helmet is an odst type or at least a variant of it .
it 's not like this is making his arrest go away .
why do n't you mod it you do n't seem to have a life outside of reddit ?
compared to online shops that are 8-15 per 30ml it 's quite expensive
you sent me a really kind message earlier i think and it seems to have just ... poofed .
i ended up spending all night watching worst cooks in america with that friend who i thought was mad at me .
he was the only person who checked on me when i left our rehearsal really abruptly after spending the whole time really secluded and quiet and distant .
i wonder if they placed the warp pad there specifically after the house was built so they could do laundry there .
if that 's the case did they make a new wrap pad for that purpose or did they move a pre-existing one to that location somehow ... ?
in the case of the former if they 're able to make new warp pads why do n't they make a new one for the communications tower area after sugalite broke it ?
give them a quick question about how restricted in-game communication will be .
if i want to do anything for entertainment/fun it 's a minimum 30 minute drive and i live in san diego county .
i did n't watch the debate and i was hoping for someone to explain the fucking gif in the comments .
quickly turns into bernie is my grandpa and bernie will give me free stuff circlejerk .
yeah i have a ga ticket i am planning to not rent a car because the parking is too expensive i probably will just take the 10 shuttle .
so looks like catching hold of tickets for autograph sessions will require you to miss quali etc ?
how accessible is the area around parc ferme after the race ?
i plan to spend the practice sessions seeing cars exploring the track getting merch and taking pictures .
hillary goes after bernie on guns bernie goes after hillary on wall street and the big banks .
unfortunately for hillary these arguments are not equal in terms of scope and substance .
as a congressman and senator from rural vermont sanders was representing his constituents hunters and other conservative gun-owners when he voted the way he did .
likewise as the junior senator from new york clinton had wall street banks as her own constituents and so one might have understood the fact that she was obligated to represent their interests in the senate .
the question to be considered now however is whether a president sanders would adopt a stronger position gun control when he represents all americans and whether a president clinton would be tough on wall street once in the oval office .
• to date hillary clinton has received over 3.5 million in donations from wall street banks with goldman sachs giving her almost 1 million for this election alone .
• to date bernie sanders has received 0 from the nra and has a d rating by that group .
this outlines the big difference between the two candidates hillary clinton is willing to rant and rave all day about gun control abortion rights gay rights civil rights and climate change because that is what her rich elite donor base want her to do .
the last thing they want is for hillary to actually do something to curb their power influence or wealth .
i would n't complain if i were you at least you have a decent average wage to pay your shit with .
meanwhile in eu zone 2 you pay the same as a german but you earn 80 less than him .
someone is dying and his best friend is trying to go visit him .
just because that is kobe bryant you claim everyone is riding his dick .
i do n't know what happened in your life that makes you lol '' in this situation but i truly feel sorry for you .
i do n't think you can get into heroic raids without having it at least not pugs
i think people are talking about the good qualities of being a chad not the bad ones .
have higher likelihood of being accepted when you ask someone out have a higher likelihood of making friends being more confident in social situations ... just in a way that you do n't become an arrogant prick like a chad is by definition .
thanks im leaning towards the galaxy after watching many demos of artists using them .
i think it can suit me well and i can get away from any use of photoshop with them
let me tell you a story about me old bones
they 're releasing very originals gods now you must be either a lol fanboy or lvl 2 who tried out 3 gods and left .
links do n't post things so is it actually on a form submit ?
try catching the form submit event and stopping it .
'' why buy packs if the cards i got can be changed months after ?
i get full refund if my cards get nerfed great ! ''
feeding the enemy team my body is n't gon na do much because it take to much time .
letting the enemy roam free and take out the lord grab tranquality or kill bosses for example will contribute far more to ending the game quickly .
this way i can jump into a new game much quicker .
there is nothing to gain when your game is clearly lost .
some argue that i can do 1v1 's or practise my kiting/dodgeing .
rarely people want to 1v1 and if so someone else usually butts in anyway .
i know when to dodge and how to kite .
if you 're new to the class you play then this may be a different story .
imo i just back off and let the enemy have their deserved '' win .
am i missing some context or is this just a terrible joke ?
i 'll rework it and see where that gets me !
when you have lead your team do you mean by score or have you actually communicated and been a leader ?
you can only be as good as your team .
so theres really no point having another unit with crit rate and crit dmg bb if i have reis on my team ?
very cool now see if you can acquire number 6 on the 50 oz bars .
you may be lucky and it still be available ask sb .
have n't played any smogon aside from nr with friends and random on pkmn showdown for the past few months
sorry but to clarify you do n't need to break the parts for 13 to drop .
i guess my question would be do breaking the parts make more items in general drop thus rolling the dice more times or does it simply not work that way .
sorry the post that was linked as reference was a lot of sarcasm and jest so i am having problems gleaning any actual information .
oh awesome i 'll have to try it i have the final version but i need non burning one .
if not then someone has already answered the 'how do you compete ' question ...
and fwiw people who do well in business are generally more aware of their capabilities than their limitations ...
he 's still justifying the hike even today http www.businessinsider.com/martin-shkreli-q-and-a-2015-10
also i think it 's very important to be yourself . ''
i mostly play female characters however my sent and mara are males .
i like the female vas better than the male vas better save for the sith warrior .
also i like stories with women who save the world etc .
just spent too long plugging random words into it .
i also realized that i spent way too much this year as an excuse for building my collection '' so i 'm currently on a low buy am only buying from my wishlist .
if i see something really compelling over the holidays i 'll buy and i 'm probably going to pick up one of those melted chocolate lipsticks when they come out if i can swatch them myself but otherwise i 'm not really buying .
i 'm also working on selling some of the stuff i 've bought that i now realize does n't work as well for me as i thought it did or that i just ca n't see myself using much .
i have too many lipsticks so sometime in the next few months maybe spring break ?
i 'm going to try to make myself a swatch library and catalog what i have so that if i know i already have a muted warm red lipstick in a formula i like i 'm not going to go out and buy another one .
i personally am not sure how much i like the idea of saving and splurging because i know i would n't do well with the binge/purge sort of mentality but ymmv i guess .
let 's start with the report 's showcase statistic that 73 percent of women have experienced online violence.
to be fair that number is only off by 73 percent .
imagine if there was a camera powerful enough to zoom into the ground level .
being able to answer so many questions and watch history unravel .
the flip side is that there might be someone out in the future watching us from a far .
i 'm not trying to be facetious but come back in two weeks and let us know if it still works .
you probably just created a novelty trick to distract yourself .
where 's the part about dealing with salty players who play teemo jungle ?
or the part about being addicted to a game that takes away a little piece of you every time you deal with intentional feeders ?
sleazy publicist for a respectable politician in a tv sitcom .
you constantly get into trouble yourself but pin it on your politician boss and then have to help him '' save face and votes every episode .
una vez que has detenido al agresor no hay ley que te permita descargar tu furia en su contra .
feels like i am always top 3 in a loss or bottom 3 in a win ...
probably just my perception but i still want to complain on the internet so there !
i hope you do n't mind but i just tweeted a screenshot of this to the dnc chair .
your situation can be placed directly in her lap .
which is why it 's strange that that did n't happen here .
extent of his talents seems to have been somewhat lost over the past couple years which is odd b/c you generally see the opposite happen w young talents that leave the league before they peak .
i was considering that and that is a strong possibility .
i think it also might be that you can only tap into your world 's speed-force .
that might also explain why zoom does n't just fight barry himself .
spending time in earth 1 might make him lose his powers .
he may have just enough residual power to hop back and forth and drop off villains .
i suspect half-way through there will be an event that allows earth speedsters to use their powers in both earths .
i do believe this whole thread is about relinquishing old cards for an older version of madden .
and your happy ass starts chiming in about upgrade to 16 and understanding my logic ?
how about you go waste your time elsewhere as i said obviously you did your part you clearly stated that .
so why continue to argue with me about you ca n't beat mut '' i never said i wanted to beat it '' i said i wanted to complete my challenges i have left .
which i have the 400 games left in rtp and regular season so have a nice day ass hat .
whoa buddy i 'm a complete ass hole and a tough guy to death but i do n't fight unfair and unjust fights just because others want me to .
i will defend the little guy tooth and nail but if the little guy stated the fight friend or not you are own your own .
he 's not a coward he has morals and standards .
which if more people had we would be better off as a country .
well i definitely had the same npc system after system direct messaging me about how they were going to kill me and steal my haul the cops appeared less often .
i have no idea of the actual mechanics but i felt chased .
i was pretty surprised there was n't a penalty on the play .
watching the replay that looks worse than i remember during the game .
there 's still a couple things to keep in mind though ...
oduya basically put himself in a position where if he were to get hit there would be no way really hit him without throwing him into the boards .
he just sat there posessing the puck doing nothing with it stairing into the corner for a second
so hit was not good oduya did nothing to protect himself no anticipation whatsoever and could be taken as far as to be intentionally put in bad positioning there 's a lot of youth rinks now that have a coloured ring around them to warn players not to sit there facing the glass in that part of the rink odyua did just that .
if mcdavid does n't get a warning i would be surprised a fine is as far as i would see this going .
of course esea has the right to be suspicious of it .
and esea has aa long has of ban first ask questions later .
defiantly dogmeat who does n't love a loyal german shepard who bites people 's necks and finds cool shit for you
they consistently would dyno at 290-320 to the wheels .
again 5.0 v ls1 is more or less a drivers race anything prior is edged out by an ls1 .
lakers shot better from 3 than the kings but the sheer volume that they took won it for them .
both lou will and collison got 10 fts each .
on lithium ion batteries which these are they prefer to be fully charged all the time .
in other words charge it every time you can regardless of how much you 've ridden it .
the only exception is it you are going to be storing it for a long period of time as in months .
it is impossible to find the freaking foxy amiibo hes higher than unicorn
when the election stuff dies down this sub will return to bipartisan discussion .
it 's just that reddit loves sanders as do i .
i certainly know how to read them and i sometimes do .
just skimming the message to find the useful bits is usually more time consuming than spotting the error by staring at the line though .
ambiguous type variables are now obscured on error messages .
in old ghc these two useful bits were much more visible .
as a guy who did n't watch scrubs what 's so good about it ?
i heard about it so much on reddit but never actually watched it .
but if you can verify it you could be coerced to provide your id so someone else could verify it .
i agree game balance is important and needs to happen but i 'm actually not holding my breath .
if the people in charge cant balance the game now what makes you think they will get it right on year 10 ?
this feels to me like brian holinkas the lead pvp game designer way of saying he tried and washing his hands after it fails .
at least he did n't tuck her up like a kipper
she is allowing people to keep fuckin that chicken wisely .
you ca n't convince the people that truly believe this means fuckall .
can confirm that it disappointingly does not work off-network '' as far as i can tell .
does n't give a chance to login just an error .
wish it was like iphone app and allowed out of home '' access .
haha he 's the man i just could n't bear any loud music after such a thing .
i 'm picturing this dude in his hospital robe bouncing his head to some sweet ass kick while the nurse puts his arterial line in and he 's like nevermind bitch i 'm not there anymore '' .
cant do that or else stacks will be so toxic towards the solo person to make him/her ragequit so they take less of an mmr hit .
or people ganging up on the person performing the worst in the team to guilt him of quitting so they can have a lower mmr reduction .
it 's a bot based on upvotes so we get 1/2 patriots even if it 's not from this year 1/2 everyone else .
likewise gb can win their game and all the highlights are of stl looking dominant .
i buy a 156 title pack and play casually .
ryback pcc i finished with a little over 3k points which is only like 400 games .
rtg is way worse if that 's what you 're getting at .
i never buy any bouts but having to play 2s constantly means i never finish until the start of the last day .
edit to give a little context for each wm pcc that i went for the event card i 'd play like 3000 games .
for the paige one i played like 4500 lol .
he crashed in a car and the passenger died then he did n't report it until i think the next day .
if you 're an international student i would go with unsw .
only because unsw let 's you choose your timetable and would give you lots of leeway if you wanted to travel around in the 12 week semester .
you can basically fit your entire week into one long day if you want .
usyd assigns classes for you and they 're not very flexible in allowing you to change .
there are better electives and teaching for commerce students at unsw as well .
with that being said usyd is closer to the city and the campus is beautiful .
student life is about the same in both unis .
a single class can fulfill two different requirements but i do n't think it can be used toward both of them .
it will be applied toward one and then you will be required to take a different class to fill the other area .
if it 's a static camera it could just be measured .
else i 'd imagine something like gps or just use the sensors that they 're already using .
take it from someone who commuted back and forth long distance relationship for years .
it takes way less time than go and it drops you off closer to the university .
try and get on downtown rather than at the university to ensure you get a seat they overbook their busses .
if you 're leaving before 9am you should be okay to catch it at the bus loop but after that between 9am and noon id go downtown .
bring id just in case it 's technically required if you 're using an online ticket but it 's hit and miss whether drivers accept it .
if i do hopefully my family can sell the house for millions .
i 'm the only person driving around eastern washington with a huge bernie bumper sticker on my car a few more of those i imagine will pop up soon on other cars !
i went fulltime at my mom 's urging around this time last year if it was n't for her constantly pestering me about it and how important it is to get my documents changed i 'd probably still be putting it off now .
more specifically is it still fun for intermediate/expert snowboarders ?
going to try and visit this winter just always liked towns/cities with ski resorts accessible by bus .
you know that wireless fidelity is a joke right ?
i 've looked through all setting and fully charged plugged in iphone 5s and still wo n't work .
copying from paper to .doc 21st century education problems the last thing i prefer to do for learning
but the ai can also simply say i do n't see a way to make this work '' .
your post did not link directly to an image .
if you link an imgur picture make sure it is the i.imgur.com/link.jpg image not simply the imgur.com/link .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/infographics if you have any questions or concerns .
why do n't you know if you want it or not ?
what is wrong with recent films made by m. night shamalamtadingdong ?
if this is a legitimate post and on topic of motivation must be directly related please message the mods http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/getmotivated and we 'll reinstate it .
additionally please familiarize yourself with the self promotion guidelines here http www.reddit.com/wiki/selfpromotion and reddiquette http www.reddit.com/wiki/reddiquette .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/getmotivated if you have any questions or concerns .
oh god you must have seemed like that stereotypical asian dude to those frat bros
when i first started smoking i was being curious and unscrewed a friends keef compartment but was n't being careful at all .
it fell everywhere bc i was being too rough .
all i said was oh well atleast it was just weed gunk that was just stuck in your grinder ''
exactly and imo it looks too much like this i would have gone with a different silhouette one that still maintains the moccasin look and a more unique sole this just looks like a pair of clear weathers with a free sole
not to mention gabbo carter pearson i let toffoli off or that shorty
except when he was blocking shots and the kings never scored .
still has access to trapping meaning no real counters .
saejong or something while the japanese were making koreans use their language he created a scientific writing system unique to korea and called it hangul you 'll see hangul everywhere hanja is still around just not vary apparent .
even in korean forums and message boards some people will use hanja to look cool .
i ca n't read it so it confuses me .
wish i had your blodin and bvalk just pulled uy at least .
as some one who does both warhammer and gunpla you can absolutely apply your warhammer modeling techniques to your gunpla .
citadel chaos black spray works incredibly well as a primer or as flat black paint .
i like to use it on inner frames exposed joint parts or any part i want black .
the metallic paints are great for detail work and are the safest paints you can use due to being water based .
i feel the designs of gunpla leave less room for error than the generally more gritty 40k aesthetic .
so if your handpainting skills are n't up to par it will be far more noticeable on your gunpla than on your 40k model .
nice to start while the wife still wants you to try !
science has shown that people who are content in their life generally do n't have problems drinking so you 'll have to face whatever it is that drinking numbed you to .
it wo n't always be easy and the temptation will be constant .
once i counted all the places that sold liquor driving the 3/4 of a mile from the grocery store to my house .
fifteen places within 3/4 of a mile from my house selling booze .
quit for your own reasons and get all the support you need to do it .
we 're here but you may also need a counselor you may also need a local support group .
not blue your lips are n't the right color and your boobs are 50 as big but i 'd still tap that .
in my part of the world i only really need to use a full winter jersey maybe 1-2 weeks of the year .
rest of winter i can get away with a castelli short sleeve mesh base layer rapha cross jersey quite thick actually do n't use it in summer and nano flex arm warmers and a rapha gilet .
we get temps down to around 6-3c degrees but mostly its stays around 8-12
you can change the quality before you confirm that that 's the game you wan na play .
is there a way to look for a specific amiibo near where you live ?
i 'm looking for bowser jr. but when i visited a tru they told me they could n't search other stores to see if they had stock .
yup i was just reading he co-sponsored the post 9/11 gi bill .
that guy on stage gave me a free college education .
the go train is fairly good and takes you right to union station .
they did n't ask anyone except sanders and clinton about drugs ?
why would you have a prty on miss matched levels ?
lol always shows up on r/all and i had no clue what it really was .
shadow flame is super efficient removal since you 're a minion based deck .
all your minions have high hp and low atk so are useless for trading into giants .
i am not worried about pork here at all . ''
would that work though would there be some way you could bring it all together and make it look nice ?
cheekytwi the fact that you did n't understand a rhetorical question shows how uneducated your side is .
i mean once i lose interest in the game i just wo n't play it anymore sooo
you have no idea the history channel reality-tv shitstorm you just caused ...
the walls groan and holy shit i think jimmy fucking pissed himself !
get the fuck back up and put your uniform on !
i might watch this while i 'm just chilling here in my jail cell getting my legs broken on the brute ship .
it 's about how poetry is an egotistical celebration of self meant to elevate one above others through grandiose and obnoxious writing .
i 'd like it to retain some length but i definitely think there 's room to cut any suggestions ?
grades hillary c bernie b o'malley b others failed to show up
i did n't even think of the possibility of wednesday this week since he posted the day before that .
thought it was pretty obvious he was alluding to the next wednesday after the streamer event .
but we bio women must 100 embrace everything about trans women including their insistance that they have no male privilege at all .
there 's no way 18 years of masculine conditioning could provide any sort of benefit when suddenly a person is female .
also i would argue ... again ... women have a shared history of oppression by the patriarchy .
sure in the same way the new corvette is a knock off of the previous version of the f12
fuck hilary her stance on marijuana is the same as everything else she does .
waits for others to take the lead before she will give a solid stance on it .
my g4 does it too though as a battery saver
i 'll make caps while watching tv and it 's way easier and you get a more accurate dose when using the machine .
i tried without at first and ended up only getting maybe half the kratom in each cap .
to dissolve them faster drink hot liquid like tea or coffee .
some people poke holes in the caps too i have n't tried the holes thing .
no nasty taste i was the same way the more i took started brewing tea the worse it got .
the only reason i kept with it is that it helped my pain a bit .
with caps the worst you get is a kratom burp after taking them .
this actually gives me an idea for an incredibly evil edh deck .
i 'm a junkie and i 'm guessing there is dope involved .
in the comments there were also talks that he 's not accustomed to the current patch .
or how about john urschel ot for the ravens .
he went to psu majored in math got his degree and two masters degrees in five years at psu while gaining two time first team all big ten status .
in his spare time he does work in math theory .
he recently presented a new theorem to the math faculty at johns hopkins university in baltimore .
he presented his paper titled a cascadic multigrid algorithm for computing the fiedler vector of graph laplacians '' earlier this year .
the topic of how one piece stands up in a literary sense and why an individual might feel that way deserves more attention than the front page what is your favorite df ? ''
i tried to answer but your post was deleted .
here is my response for what it is worth .
i would say my favorite moments are acts of epic nobility .
chopper 's backstory is a great example how hiriluk thanks him with sincerity for retrieving the amiudake mushroom and making him medicine and then drinks it knowing full well that it will poison him .
he then rushes to ensure that there are no sick doctors in the country falling into the simple ruse set up by the king .
relieved that nobody is in fact sick he willfully kills himself in front of the king so that his death would not be the direct result of chopper 's medicine .
measuring this against the fact that chopper learns that his struggle and near-death trial retrieving the mushroom is actually the catalyst for hiriluk 's death and arriving at the king 's plateau just short of hiriluk 's end leaves a strong impact for me .
the pain chopper must feel at knowing his uneducated act of true care was the result of hiriluk 's death and that hiriluk his father figure willingly took the poison to spare his feelings and instill in him the joy of healing another person despite that the complete opposite was true would leave a feeling in a person that i can only attempt to comprehend .
a tale comparable to any shakespearean work in my opinion .
at least romeo and juliet never had to know they could have lived happily every after if they had n't been so brash and naive .
thinking about it honestly makes me want to throw up a little this effect is only doubled when considering chopper was saved by hiriluk after his parents beat him half to death and he was shot by frightened hunters after leaving his home and left to perish in the cold .
also oda draws from and pays homage to many famous literary works that you could look to for your essay .
but the original indicative pricing was before a detailed work qoute was done so should n't of been taken as a true indication .
you also havent mentioned how far from the exchange you are and being you arent getting fibre from the node to your premise but most likely getting connected directly to the exchange is why the cost is so high .
if the node placement was already in your costs would be a fraction to what they are now being it would only be going in the hundreds of meters vs kilometers .
we got otto from the rspca when he was 3 and they were like ' ? ? ? ? '
but we think he 's definitely part sausage staffy and maybe ridgeback he has a mohawk hair growing against the rest as you can see in the first pic .
he 's very long with tiny legs but he 's not a very small dog .
i ca n't find a pic of him all stretched out but when he is if his head level with mine his pelvis is where mine is too and i 'm 5'7 '' .
pardon my face and potato quality but i love showing people the second pic because his face
i 'm not going to lie i was so anxious coming back in since i was here and got a negative yesterday and i got the sense the nurses kind of thought i was over reacting too .
jesus christ it 's crazy what has happened to lamar odom .
he was literally just in the nba 2 years ago coming back .
ツ ¯ he scored a goal and pretty much caused another in one game so yeahhhh ...
aaaaand now she has dysentery cholera hep pink eye a skin rash and smells like piss .
i was thinking that amazon does not deliver to washington dc maybe since they are not a state it has something to do with it .
i 've found that using a small amount of really creamy conditioner as leave-on helps keep my hair tangle-free .
i 've had hair that sits to the middle of my back and that 's the only thing that helped .
the anti-vaxxers have n't effectively made their case clear then because as far as i 'm concerned jenny mccarthy thinks vaccines cause autism .
oh you know what you 're definitely right that 's where i experienced the problem too !
uh did n't the advent of charter schools in louisiana greatly increase graduation rates and reading/math metrics ?
after a few minutes of reading oh i see the public education unions put out a study that fudged the numbers .
other than that it 's plain as day it 's been a resounding success .
public school proponents just love the status quo more than they love kids .
also yes it still ranks low ... but undeniably much better for these some of the most impoverished communities in america .
here 's https credo.stanford.edu/documents/la_report_2013_7_26_2013_final.pdf a gigantic blob of positive data by credo a respected and credible organization summary http www.nola.com/education/index.ssf/2011/03/study_finds_most_new_orleans_c.html .
here https youtu.be/rc5wj9n0svk is a nice video on the subject .
edit here http www.alec.org/publications/report-card-on-american-education is a rank list of states in the us .
louisiana charter schools have 81 of their students are in poverty .
that 's not really a fair comparison fish arguably had some talent and actually released a commercially successful game .
derek on the other hand is basically the patron saint of bargain-bin '' gaming .
node is also being used for large scale enterprise back ends
i agree that it works great in this scenario too i was just pointing out that it 's probably more popular because it can be very simple to spin up a minimalistic back end .
when you say large scale enterprise '' do you mean lots of complex code '' or serves a large number of users '' ?
many agencies simply can not afford to pay interns and the bsw/msw student would miss out on field experiences that are inequitable to a dollar amount .
sometimes there are situations where you ca n't ask for help so you need to know how to figure things out on your own .
i had no clue how to do it so i used the tools in my car and worked it out so that i could replace the tire and get to a repair shop .
your opinion is like a canary in the coal mine for me .
case in point further down this thread you take issue with gavin mcinnes because he has beef with a literal nazi like weev .
for anyone who does n't know trvdante is one of those nyf race realism '' types
i got into doing both zr and zr5k to improve my health .
i could care less about what anyone thinks while i 'm doing it .
at least i 'm moving and living a healthier life than sitting on my a and eating garbage junk food .
do what you want but letting other people 's so-called 'opinions ' of you exercising run your life is your own thing .
i 'm not going to let stranger 's looks at me exercising dictate when i do my runs .
your submission has been automatically removed due to an indirect link to a hosted image .
please be considerate of mobile users and resubmit your post as a direct link .
for your convenience here is your submitted link with a .jpg file extension appended to the end .
if the above link does not work right-click on your image select copy image url and paste that into the reddit submission page .
note that although res will automatically append a .jpg '' to indirect imgur links these are still incompatable with most mobile apps
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/rsdarkscape if you have any questions or concerns .
cuz there were n't any playoffs prior to 1969 .
same but i assume it ended with head getting ripped off .
yes lesson one ni hao ma '' lesson two how to eat fetus soup .
make mysterious challenger a 6 mana 4/4 a la gadgetzan auctioneer .
a 6 mana 6/6 should n't pull out a fuckton of cards from your deck and put them into play for free .
especially a 6 mana 6/6 that does that shit and can be in your deck twice
oh my god and i just noticed that you are a god-damned fascist .
i have n't followed the manga too closely but the manga seems more lighthearted than the ln .
edit i just read the final chapter of the manga .
wtf this story wo n't ever get a good '' ending .
the manga seems to have a totally different tone compared to the ln and it 's missing one more 'main heroine'/love interest .
add i 'm pretty sure that akuto is more serious-funny/less goofy in the ln .
or it got stuck in a tire and flung into the air when it came loose ?
not to mention the capstone chakra is something that a witch could have given the monk at level 2 without the dc 38 will/fort saves .
seems more accurate figures are 3450lb for the dct and 3505lb for the manual meaning it 's even heavier .
that 's only about 50lb lighter than a manual m4 which is a whole class larger .
is there a writeup somewhere detailing how to make this diy fence ?
i 'm in the market for a table saw right now and i keep finding used ones that are missing the fence along with other necessary things like splitters blade guards miter gauges etc .
i 'm half expecting to go look at one of these craigslist saws and meeting a guy missing several fingers ...
some kid in third grade said my dad was a loser my dad is a doctor and i actually wrestled with him until the teacher broke it up .
i 'm hitching my wagon to tom brady gronk and lafell in my league .
the pats are out for blood and will run up the score to show they are not fucking around .
people are saying you need help at rb but you could use some help at wr with dez out .
personally i do n't think dez is back in 2 weeks .
if you want a sweet rb trade dez and pickup lafell
mets probably wish yoenis took a few more pitches there .
nah if you look really close its black letters on purple uni rockies jersey
wow another season another world series chance wasted under mike matheny
now the bulk of this thread is about 9/11 .
you americans just ca n't help but talk about yourselves in the face of someone else 's misery .
she squints at you through her goggles before realizing they are still strapped to her face .
that 's exactly what put down '' means in this context .
tasers and pepper spray alone can not reliably incapacitate a violent attacker that 's why police carry guns .
that black cherry doctor pepper was life for a month or so
that 's the whole point of what i said .
we have all this research telling us one way but how we feel what it does to us does n't equate to good for you ''
ie coffee is good for the heart do you think an hour or so of increased heart rate from coffee is good for you ?
it initially says the whole glass bridge cracked then it says a panel of glass shattered .
does n't mean they will get along but there is nothing like the zoomies and body slams between two huskies playing at full blown husky intensity .
i got a second husky for my first husky to help wear him out .
i was worried at first how crazy they were but they were fine .
nice find definitely good background noise for when i 'm at work .
the 'little switzerland ' ride on rubber to the road is one of my favorites but i usually ride it as an out and back staying on the north side of 26 .
lots of good riding out there with minimal traffic .
if you want something on the west side of town ride out to where skyline meets cornelius pass road .
lots of nice riding out past helvetia west union and north plains .
i 've never done a century out that way but would imagine it would be pretty easy to put a big enough loop together .
these rides obviously do n't fall into the path/bike lane category but i have never had any issues with cars while riding out there .
this is a great step forward in dog nutsack physics .
dude i would love to meet you and ruin your day .
the metal plate in ford 's head could have kept him sane .
the chirality is n't represented at all so technically that picture does n't represent a unique molecule .
i went from high school in upstate to college in sw fl .
i thought it was a national thing but alas it was just a huge coincidence .
lol i was looking for payday cosplay everywhere this weekend so i could take a pic ! !
i think having to install something is a major hurdle for mass adoption though .
this is why i do n't think openbazaar will succeed .
everything is moving toward http convergence not away from it .
heh i majored in anthropology bud the extent to which you think standards of attractiveness are innate is miles away from the reality
i bet you 're one of those people who think that because many men in your culture find large breasts attractive it means being attracted to large breasts is caused by evolution .
and yet many cultures when they learn western men sexualize boobs at all consider it perverse and laughable as the only people concerned with a woman 's breasts are babies
are you aware that the very concept of heterosexuality is only a few centuries old ?
that for thousands of years men who had wives and female concubines would also take adolescent boys as lovers ?
that the only important consideration as to whether or not you 're manly when having sex with another man is whether you 're penetrating or receiving ?
that for centuries in europe being fat was considered attractive and in victorian england teeth that did n't have a healthy yellow hue '' were unattractive .
for thousands of years 12 year old girls were attractive to grown men and eligible for marriage
are you suddenly going to argue that there 's an evolutionary imperative that grown men are only attractive to grown women ?
there are cultures where kissing is taboo or simply unheard-of .
everything that you consider feminine '' or masculine '' is entirely due to the time and place you live and that virtually the only universal constant in human cultures as to what 's considered sexually attractive is that the person is alive .
your own preferences are n't the natural state of things or the norm by which to measure everything else .
where should cpcs manically get all of this money to provide these things ?
they 're doing the best they can with what they have .
cambridge strength and conditioning http cambridgestrength.com which is actually in arlington .
this is how my mom found out i 'm into kink and also why she does't know about the girl i 'm crushing on or what i 'm doing in my class projects or on a darker note that i 'm a little over half a year clean of the sh habit she also does n't know i ever had that i do n't know if i ever plan to tell her about .
so yeah u/davzordoomr whatever you decide to do take it from personal experience that secretly nosing in your kid 's sexy stuff is one hell of a really fast way to get them to never tell you anything you 'd want them to trust you with .
i 'd say fidel castro depending on your perspective .
are these the american equivalent of mayfair and park avenue ?
halloweens are 2 weeks only hot is forever you can play both if you want .
i will update the video description when i get around to it but there are two or three songs from bignic a song from shirobon meteor and i think that covers it .
but like i said i 'll give the deets in the video later .
if we had the right players in the game we could be nguyening right now .
i 'll get you in my safari before you delete me .
what are you talking about aunt beru was scorching hot ?
maybe they think he can help them develop some sort of heterogeneous architecture
hey no worries i figured not hearing a confirmation from you meant a positive outcome anyways right ?
i was like well i got the money so hopefully they got the tickets and if i do n't hear from them then it 's all good lol .
yea i have all the games i just ca n't go to most monday/tuesday games and pretty much every other weekend .
i 'm trying to get my schedule all set and i 'll make a big post and just sell a few games because i 'm not a fan of cluttering up our sub with these posts too often .
there 's a throat slit emote how much more negative can it get ?
had a unicycle arrive by courier so i put that together and had a ride .
about to hang out with a few friends and play cards against humanity .
i think most people agree that controllers are better for flying or driving while keyboard and mouse is better for basically anything else .
life developed somewhere else and somehow ended up both on earth and on mars 4a .
it developed elsewhere from a common origin and two forms of it ended on mars and 4b .
it developed elsewhere from more than one origin and one strain of from two different origins ended up on earth and on mars
i 've tried nothing and none of it 's worked .
anything that doesnt toe your line is a product of western propaganda .
no need to feel offended that was n't intended .
most people there thinks that article made just from words when being put on reuters.com gains some magical evidence power .
now lets get productivity and the like up as well preferably with some serious wage rises !
if it 's clear in this guild 's logs that half the group during their 1 run of progress are members from some other elite guild your raiders should be able to see that before leaving to join them .
if they can see that and they still leave to join this predatory guild then you have to ask yourself do you really want them to stay in your guild ?
e uma stripper recepcionista que faz uma pole dance para as pessoas que esperam ser atendidas .
i 'm not elite and i got 3 missions 4 to 5 millions each yesterday from sothis .
do you know if amd athlon x4 860k have a graphics card ?
i will not use it to play games but i often connect my pc to my tv with a hdmi .
it does n't but the graphics card i told you to buy can do this
so i guess that i need two graphics to watch a movie on my tv and use my pc to other things at the same time .
i 'm not talking about same picture on my tv and pc splitting but a seperate desktop on my tv from my pc if that makes sence .
yes it 's called extend screen also even if the athlon did have a graphics solution built in it would n't be useful because it would get disabled the moment the graphics card was plugged in .
also i have a hard time to find a motherboards for the x4 860k .
what i need in a motherboard is wifi '' and soundcard ''
you do n't need a soundcard the built in sound in modern motherboards is more than good enough
between the four i 'd need you to list the prices down as well so it can help me choose between them .
yeah i think the gta v level would suit most people .
i want to be able to skim things or glance off stuff without being terrified that i 'm going to explode
i got into fountain pens relatively new as well about 6 months ago .
i would strongly encourage you to pace yourself it can get out of control very very fast out of experience .
take your time to use every pen you buy .
i cant wait for the new ex songs since i really really need to tier up for my waifu ... .. klab is so cruel
i got a phone call yesterday while playing ws .
it says that beastmaster did n't use anything but i clearly remeber him ulting sf at the beginning of the fight .
as a matter of fact no one knows who bernie sanders is .
a lot of moments are simply better because of the music animation and voice acting i dont want to spoil anything here but the most epic moments from the story are normally top notch
a few fillers in the anime are also very good like the chikara ark or the kakashi anbu arc will come late in naruto shippūden
i also recommend to you to watch it with japanese dub and english subs because everything else sucks really hard .
the japanese voice actors are so damn good and a lot of dialogues only make sense i you watch it with the original voices .
as a diamond terran in hots i have lost all interest in terran and almost all in sc2 .
we are terran because we love the fast mmm .
imo blizzard is giving zerg and toss some of the coolest units ever .
liberators are n't awful just not enjoyable to use .
i am a kurd from nusaybin you know the city besieged by turkish army for days where civilians are shot dead randomly .
it 's not like it is like 1 million time easier for turks to forget than kurds .
we still have a lot of scares from what happend but i dont see turks making a big effort to help us forget .
i could elaborate more but i am going to launch now maybe later .
stop being a pussy and stay with me inside the spawn tube .
duke johnson has been receiving more and more targets .
although more valuable in ppr i think he 's worth holding onto in a standard league .
for me personally the furnace sand patterns machining etc are enough of a fuss
it will be quite interesting to see what happens when the switch to pos occurs .
my current computer is n't good enough for mining but maybe i 'll be able to participate directly under pos .
taking a dog for a walk every two hours is a lot .
maybe you can talk to your vet to know why are the most common reasons for peeing inside .
if she pees because she is in heat it would be a problem only twice a year .
which was n't actually a socialist or communist country but rather had a system of command economy '' where the government is undemocratic yet owns most if not all services .
a straight woman ultimately got being gay removed from the dsm due to research that showed ceteris paribus no negative psychological effects of being gay .
you do n't have to be lgbt to do meaningful scholarly work that helps lgbt people .
you must however listen keep an open mind and do the most rigorous and best research you can .
insec making plays by either ward hopping or flashing with lee sin .
wombo combo the use of many aoe abilities that chain cc or damage .
how do i get hated on for asking what people like to do for abs and this thread has nothing to do with bodybuilding lol
armour marks are pretty much standard on supports which do n't run ad/mpen/hpen which is most
or if you mean still running i suppose the simpsons .
there is no mechanism to strip entitlements or push for criminal charges in instances where it can be proved they have not done so .
you want to strip entitlements and push for criminal charges without proof ?
i agree to anyone who 's not in my situation it sounds awful .
as i mentioned several times in other responses my intention was not to listen to her private conversations with her family .
there 's a huge white elephant in the room that you 're pretending is n't there .
do you honestly expect us to believe that the biggest most powerful companies are playing fair ?
i 'll try to ignore the fact that the medium sized company that i worked for was consumed by hbi hanes brand our plant closed while the honduran and mexican plants remained open the entire year leading up to that corporate told us that we 'd be seeing all sort of improvements and benefits from the buyout .
hbi only wanted our non-us plants our name recognition contracts with colleges .
it had no interest in the welfare of it 's employees or the devastation it would cause closing a plant that had several hundred employees this in a town that only has a population of 9,318 .
all this in the name of more profits before the buyout the plants were profitable but the company had hosed itself trying to grow by building the non us plants .
hbi could have very easily absorbed the debt made it 's money back without closing our plant .
what they wanted though was to make even more money by gutting us for the things it saw as most profitable .
you can take your rose colored glasses off now stop pretending that greed is good .
capitalism might be better than other options but it 's still an imperfect system that can lead to the same abuse of power as any other .
if followed to it 's logical conclusion you will see blatant disregard for the wellbeing of anything outside of the next quarterly report .
resources are finite when 1 owns half of all of them it means that 99 of the rest of us have to struggle to make do with the rest .
there 's a reason for regulation sadly it 's been corrupted to the point that the regulations are now simply a means of keeping the rich rich .
i wonder if you even realize how clueless you sound about what it really means for 1 of the population to hoard half of everything .
putting something like one of these http i.imgur.com/ozqfpcu.jpg between the window and desk works well though .
i get it it 's getting a bit cringey .
but more money for the club is a good thing .
who 'd want to deny our club extra income ?
do what you got ta do these days ... .
until he hits a tire tread between lanes or someone cuts him off .
sometimes i 'd accidentally click on other people then i 'd have to do something else for 5 minutes sometimes i 'd just hide somewhere .
meh tell proppie to get a bigger pair of shorts then .
shorts are excellent for grabbing onto a jersey could potentially drag the prop out of position while shorts actually help the prop keep his hips down .
source prop who occasionally cameoed at lock 'cause i 'm 6'3 ''
i did write the name but because i had to spell it out was n't a list option i was n't able to gender lock it .
i think it looks fantastic but it 'll surely be out of my price range .
if the si model has similar design cues without the wing i 'll consider trading in my 2015 .
its called flaterialhmusic1 and in the zooper options you can enable round corners and change the album cover angle
if you have the velocity channel she hosts a show called girl garage '' !
fwiw my past experience 2008-11 was uni internet is dogshite .
i do n't know how anyone would survive with a current gen console what with the amount of updates that come out for games nowadays and poor download speeds .
it more than likely differs between unis but what we did manage to get going were huge lan games throughout our building block !
it had essentially the same premise as cycling 's tour de france
yep but why would they send the ones used by their military o the separatists ?
it makes much more sense to send them the mothballed ones .
i live in the us and have a honda from europe that was never sold here and i use these sites the most
it was monday on 206/103 on sirius/xm from 7 til 9 kinda stinks it 's a better show than race wars so of course opie put it up against the bon fire
so i 'm a 20 y/o f in the military .
in my unit you have to be on a certain status to work certain aspects of my job .
new changes in medication will take me off this status and therefore i ca n't work the more difficult/important parts of my duties .
and i looked at my schedule there 's literally no one available to cover me but today i was given a new medication .
i 'm afraid i might have fucked everyone over .
at the same time i 'm on the edge of medical discharge if i do n't find a solution soon i need to get the hell out of this place .
but it 's important for me to see my enlistment through ... and so this is my last ditch effort .
it 's just hard because i feel so guilty for being the mentally ill '' person .
i had no idea when i joined the military and apparently no one for two years could tell either .
if i knew then what i know now i would n't have joined nor did i have any idea i would be thrown into such a demanding career field .
now i have n't lost my status yet so there 's a possibility the doctor did me a favor and down played '' the new medication status .
also i think my oic might be able to keep me up and running despite the change ... but still .
oh and if it makes things clear i have adhd/clinical depression i 'm not sad just so so tired anxiety .
i was already on medication for adhd but they were n't working because my depression was running wild the anxiety was increasing each day .
i know i have to take care of myself but i care about my team i want to put service before myself but i also do n't want to be miserable .
maybe i 'm not physically fit enough for the military and frankly i do n't want to be here all that badly but i made a damn commitment and i want to see it through .
also i change stations in 3 months so there 's a chance things could get better or worse but if i do n't hang on till then i 'll always wonder what if .
tl dr feeling guilty for not being able to work because of a change in medication .
when doing a research paper for my first year poli sci class in university i chose the topic of the notwithstanding clause .
but the information i have found on it seems short and repetitive .
only used 3 times in canada all links lead to the same stories is there something i am missing ?
i would love if people had some good sources i could look through for some information on the clause .
can we have a yorick skin this community deserves ?
i want a yordle tossing yorik that throws out different mini yordles based on the spell cast .
imagine yorick tossing a mini amumu for his w a mini veigar for his q and a mini heimer for his e .
so i picked up a marshall 1960a cab for cheap and now im looking for a head to match as ill use my class 5 through the cab in the meantime .
i did find/get offered a marshall jcm 2000 dsl 100w head for 550aud shipped but i heard alot of varying thoughts on it from its great to its sounds like shit .
im wanting a amp head that can do the following .
can get really gig loud with a band when needed
does many styles from rock/blues clapton/floyd/hendrix/ccr etc to hard rock and metal from 80s maiden etc to cob and behmoth etc to the random pop tune in between .
would the jcm 2000 do this or can i get better for my money ?
im not in need of it now as im happy with my class 5 its just finding a shortlist is harder then i thought .
as for guitars and other gear ill be using it is the following
custom hand built les paul type guitar with custom pickups
ibanez roadstar 2 rg440 with sd black winters and ssl-5 pickups
with the recent adding of coverage to northern michigan is there any word at all about t-mobile gaining towers in northern wisconsin ?
i would like to meet up with some gamers in the area .
i get this pop up when i open the application .
i 'm re-doing my 10g tank which means i 'm rehoming the fish currently in it .
i 've got 7 celestial pearl danios and one double tail betta .
i need the cpds gone but not necessarily the betta .
i 'd sell the cpds and the betta for 20 .
i met this first girl sharkeisha when i was in grade school and i 've known her ever since .
she 's very smart has a smoking body and is pretty much the complete package .
i have known of julie for the past two years because she was on my sisters high school sports team .
i always thought she was pretty and i had heard that she was a real sweetheart .
i took sharkeisha to mine which is a school a few miles away from downtown enter big city here so there was a lot of rap and music like that .
i 'm not from that area and i live in the far suburbs so i do n't listen to that music a lot .
i did n't really enjoy myself and i was always fearful of screwing up because i wanted to make a good impression .
i do n't think she had a good time either .
now i went to julie 's homecoming at her school because i was set up since it was her senior homecoming and she really needed a date .
i was happy because i always thought she seemed pretty and nice as well .
i had a blast with her and her friends that we went with .
she was always smiling at me and looking up at me during the slow dances .
i want to go spend some more time with julie because i thoroughly enjoyed my time with her .
i told some of my friends about this plan and they thought i was crazy because they think that sharkeisha is far and away the better choice .
favorite music genres would be edm oldies 60s,70s,80s,90s and pop .
when i 'm bored i usually watch a weird assortment of movies like big hero 6 and despicable me to movies that are based on real events like hotel rwanda .
i also like anything korean like shows and music .
right now i 'm catching up on running man and i 'm looking for a drama to take up my time .
other than regular sms i have whatsapp and skype as well so i 'm open to any form of communications .
heck we can be old school pen pals lol .
so basically you can talk to me anywhere anytime .
have you read the sidebar and rules http www.reddit.com/r/buildapc/wiki/rules ?
primary purpose hosting a minecraft server while also playing minecraft at the same time .
secondary i would like to be able to play some mainstream games as well although this is not as important .
if gaming what kind of performance are you looking for ?
1080p 60 fps all settings on high on minecraft .
i can live with turning settings down some on mainstream games .
post a draft of your potential build here specific parts please .
http www.reddit.com/r/buildapc/wiki/pcpp do n't ask to be spoonfed a build read the rules !
pcpartpicker part list http pcpartpicker.com/p/tmfnd3 price breakdown by merchant http pcpartpicker.com/p/tmfnd3/by_merchant
i have not chosen a case yet either so i just left that out but i am open to suggestions .
the graphics card is a big question for me .
first i wonder if i could get by with onboard graphics for just minecraft and really keep the budget low ?
i picked the card i did to keep power usage and sound down but it may be too much of a compromise considering the more powerful options in this price bracket .
this pc will be in the living room so quiet is a big plus though .
also i know someone selling a gtx 770 for 100 .
it is old and uses a ton of power but it is still a beast compared with the other options i am looking at .
however i am worried it would be too hot and loud for my purpose .
if you were waiting until technology and medical know-how caught up ... you may have waited long enough ...
this review summarises exciting recent and forthcoming advances that will impact on the surgical management of epilepsy in the near future .
this does not cover the current accepted diagnostic methodologies or surgical treatments that are routinely practiced today .
the content of this review was derived from a pubmed literature search using the key words ‘epilepsy surgery ' ‘neuromodulation ' ‘neuroablation ' ‘advances ' between 2010 and november 2013 .
i say maybe '' because i 'm not sure when i 'll find the time to go to the salon .
anyways as the title says i 've decided i will not be a naturalista anymore .
it 's not because i do n't want to deal with my hair anymore .
it 's because well believe it or not i want to have a pixie cut and keep it up for a very long time .
it has taught me a lot of things about my hair and myself .
for instance you do n't need long straight hair to be beautiful .
i learned how to style my hair and take care of it .
some think i 'm making a huge mistake by not being natural anymore and i simply reply with another lesson learned from being natural if i do n't like it it 's just hair it 'll grow back '' .
though my natural hair journey only lasted a year and four months it was a great journey but all good things come to an end .
perhaps one day i will begin my journey again .
thanks for some of the advice you all had to offer me .
this is where i say goodbye to this sub reddit .
group b you dont fear 0-6 you welcome it .
group b yes but not of your team but of your fans .
you are way out of your league and the your fan 's belief is getting weaker every day .
when na fans are too heartbroken to support you and faith age ends when you get reverse sweeped after getting hyped
so i am going to college soon and i am considering applying to out-of-state ivy league universities and majoring in engineering or computer science .
if i go to an ivy league out of state i will have to take out loans for 1 year worth of my education .
however at this moment i do n't know if my family will help out if i were to get in to an ivy league .
on the other hand if i were to go to a state school and commute i could graduate debt free and be able to buy the car that i want .
i am just asking myself if an ivy league is really worth it .
i think it may be the place for me but then there 's the financial aspect for which i will have to live with for years after university .
just need enough for a 60 4 x short 1 x 6.25 long .
do n't need gold but if you have a few i wo n't turn them down !
so i have four controllers that need the joystick repaired on them .
i found this http www.ebay.com/itm/thumbstick-joystick-repair-replacement-for-nintendo-64-n64-controller-accessorie-/131065157009 ? trksid=p2141725.m3641.l6368 for less than
2 ea and was wanting to know if anyone else has used these before .
i was browsing reddit and opened the tesla self driving video when my computer froze .
ctrl alt delete did nothing so i held the power button down to shut it down .
now when i reboot all the lights on the pc appear to come on as well as the fans .
as the title says the mouse also appears to be working or at least the lights come on .
my mechanical keyboard 's leds do not come on and the monitor receives no signal .
my computer has been problem free since my friend built it for me .
i 'm very ignorant on actual troubleshooting for hardware as i 've never had hardware issues before .
unfortunately i do not know the hardware for my computer .
the boxes everything came in are at a different location that i ca n't access until tomorrow .
what i know is my gpu is an nvidia gtx 760 and my cpu is an intel i5 .
also i hame 8 gb or ram on two sticks of 4 .
if there 's anything i can answer do n't hesitate to ask .
if i 'm missing something crucial in my details i 'll do everything i can to find it .
i was just curious what is everyone 's gripe with both of these series .
there is a strong following and i personally love both of satou kentarou 's work it just seems like there is so much hate against these two series .
hi i 'm currently using the alienware 14 laptop on windows 10 .
everything was fine up after the upgrade up until now .
some days ago i noticed that after a proper shutdown my computer will not start anymore .
it would just stay at the alienware logo and wo n't display the loading circle .
it would start again after a force shut down .
i figured that it was problems with the hiberfil.sys so i disabled hibernation fast boot etc .
i did a couple of reboots shutdowns and turn ons and the laptop seems to work fine .
laptop wo n't resume from hibernation or shutdown unless it was force-shutdowned .
the hyberfil.sys is missing from the c drive even after i enabled hidden files in folder settings .
when you do model swaps for all of the ones i 've tried you 're always able to see your character 's body when you try and use the binocs or any first person view .
and also why does it seem so difficult to remove the bug ?
having two children myself i could n't ever imagine hurting a hair on their little heads .
base housing here is so quiet and then this ...
the writer e.l. doctorow said that writing a novel is like driving a car at night .
you can only see as far as your headlights but you can make the whole trip that way.
i think we can all attest from personal experience that the cultural pressure to get a stable and well paying job is strong .
what i 'd like to examine is what a stable job means for a human being in the long term .
first off let 's scrap this idea that everyone is going to find a job they are passionate about .
this absolute sham is indoctrinated during grade school and seems to be the auto-pilot response as to why people do what they do .
so why did you choose to get into accounting ? well i 'm just really passionate about numbers and helping people. give me a break .
the large majority of people stay in their jobs because of the security it offers .
we submit to sacrificing 80 of our time in order to gain the privilege of telling ourselves we are stand-up members of society .
what 's difficult to reconcile especially at a young age is that habits sink in .
when we 're 23 years old the brain is still malleable and our options are still wide open .
these years are pivotal in terms of personal growth and finding a wholesome direction for your life .
many people would argue that joining a large company and working long hours is a wholesome direction .
i think for the majority of kids that choose this path it 's a death trap .
as benjamin franklin put it most people die at 25 and are buried at 75. meg jay phd wrote a book called the defining decade why your twenties matter backed by neuroscience her argument is that during our twenties we set in stone the neural patterns that will stick with us for the rest of our life .
if during our twenties we choose to work 9-5 each day at a job which does n't stimulate our curiosity into the mysteriousness of life do you think one day we will wake up and then start to live ?
this is arguably the most common misconception among modernized cultures and we even have a name for it mid-life crisis .
the thought process is that if we create a career save money and live by the rules then we will have the time and opportunity to live in a utopia .
if we establish workaholic habits during our twenties that are characterized by doing nothing more than legwork for the man how do we expect to break out of these habits come 40 50 or 60 ?
this is what i call being employed by culture .
we will have financial and social security but we will not be exploring our fullest potential as human beings .
when we figure this out at 40 we will most likely already have enough responsibilities on our plate to keep us serving the system .
most people will say that the 9-5 structure is the way the system has evolved .
a common phrase used by those who uphold the leviathan is reality .
the real story is that the 9-5 structure is inculcated during the educational years and then blindly accepted by the majority while transitioning into the workforce .
as we pointed out in another post one of the founding fathers of the american educational system thomas alexander is quoted for referencing how the american system will emulate prussian design .
the prussian is to a large measure enslaved through the medium of his school ... his learning instead of making him his own master forges the chain by which he is held in servitude ... the whole scheme of prussian elementary education is shaped with the express purpose of making ninety five out of every hundred citizens subservient to the ruling house and to the state. this is the way it works .
we do n't see it as a social construction precisely because it is a social construction .
we have been swimming in the 9-5 from day one and label it as reality while continuing to ride the conveyor belt of servitude .
at the risk of sounding cliché you can begin to take control of your story .
find anything you can commit to 100 and go that way .
it was mlk who said faith is taking the first step even when you do n't see the whole staircase i 'm not advocating for people to give up everything at once .
if you read what we said about beginning a new routine the moral of the story is to begin by taking one pill rather than the whole bottle .
i do n't care if you are tired from your job .
if your habit is to go home after work and half-heartedly flip through channels or browse the web nothing is going to change .
the time you spend alone with yourself is the most precious time you have .
it 's where you decide who you are what values you uphold and ultimately how you are seen in the eyes of yourself and others .
when no one is around what are you doing ?
second begin to look at what you need in life .
there is a hilarious skit by louie ck where he mocks people who complain on flights .
albeit the comedic value the underlying message ck puts forth is gold .
we live in an age where each one of us lives like the kings of old .
we have an abundant supply of food access to unlimited information and a constant stream of entertainment .
we have it all and yet we are still wrapped up in our mid-life crises .
christopher wallace hit the nail on the head in saying more money more problems. not that i think money is a bad thing .
i am targeting the cultural infatuation with material things as opposed to mental prowess .
we have a plethora of examples from pop-culture pointing out that overdosing on the good life is not only unhealthy but crude .
yet we continue to feed ourselves with mainstream news television and junk-food seemingly unaware that those are the moments to regain control .
command of your mind education and life-force or porsche 's clothes and whatever else materialism wants us to awe over .
in many cases i do n't think this question has been properly thought through .
we 'll say education but act under the spell of materialism .
the trick is to transform the means to yours ends into ends themselves .
said otherwise if wealth comes through your focused and persistent effort so be it .
if wealth does n't come through your focused and persistent effort then that is fine too .
it 's about making what you do in life come alive and knowing that is wealth itself .
it 's not that this awareness is unachievable in the 9-5 .
it 's that the 9-5 structure is stigmatized with pre-existing biases from the education system work is bad recess is good .
i like to say the modern system keeps us in balance by keeping us out of balance .
for 80 of our time we are tied to the monotony of the 9-5 .
then we have 20 of our time to childishly lash out with our adult fantasies .
balance is maintained by keeping people fluctuating between the two extremities of dull and flamboyant .
anyone who has ever been successful at anything will tell you one pointed consistency is behind their mastery .
as calvin coolidge said nothing in this world can take the place of persistence .
talent will not nothing is more common than unsuccessful men with talent .
genius will not unrewarded genius is almost a proverb .
education will not the world is full of educated derelicts .
persistence and determination alone are omnipotent. whether or not the 9-5 routine was designed by the higher powers the fact remains that it is a blender for persistence .
how can people be persistent if they are half-heartedly in a job which takes up the majority of their working hours ?
people are not homogeneously at the same level of conscious awareness .
one piece of advice may work for one person but faulty for another .
it 's about making wise decisions to optimize your human potential during your time on earth .
you must know yourself in order to guide your story towards wholesomeness .
we ca n't know where it will end up but that is the beauty in writing your own novel .
let 's take a look at who got eliminated i 'll be handing out these uuh ... rumages around pockets uuh ... paperclips to those of you who are n't on the chopping block .
i think of hashbrowns since that is all i really eat .
or was the average person mostly unaffected by the government ?
when i was a first time mom i read all of these first appointment '' posts since i was so nervous for my own so i thought i would share mine !
this is my second and i 'm getting to go to my same ob which is really cool !
i brought my husband and son along and the office was super excited to see my son grown up a bit .
i filled out some medical history paper work and contact info and gave them my pee and they took my weight ouch and blood pressure double ouch i 've been taking my bp and home and it 's been normal 125/72 and today it was 144/91 !
it 's always been super high for me at the office though but it 's terrifying since i was on bed rest last time for high bp .
then i had a pap smear since i have n't had one since having my son .
i 'm lucky and my doctor does dating ultrasounds at your first appointment so i had an internal one .
did n't hurt at all but he was pushing on my bladder !
baby looks great i estimated i was around 8 weeks and i 'm more like almost 7 which is normal for me since i have long cycles .
i got to hear the heart beat which was sweet !
my toddler was totally unsure of what was happening but he thought everything was neat .
it really does n't hit for me until i see that first ultrasound !
also i 'm currently a june bumper instead of a may bumper although in a month he 's giving me another u/s to confirm my dating .
i do have to go get blood work done tomorrow which is n't exciting !
i took a look at this webpage to see a comparison
i do n't think that it will affect my performance that much but i 'm not sure .
how big of a fps boost is there between low medium high ultra ?
i was born with hypospadias that corrected with surgery when i was very young .
everything works fine but when i was a teenager i noticed i had a few hairs growing out the head of my penis and one hair the growing out the urethra itself not sure exactly where it begins but seems to be near the opening .
this really freaked me out but through the internet i figured out it was from the surgery so i just plucked them when they popped up and and tried to forget about it .
i am now 24 and the hairs have gotten lighter and thinner from continuous plucking which is good i guess but this makes them harder to pluck as well .
basically i 'm wondering if i should try and see a doctor about this problem .
they have n't caused any medical problems yet though i worry the one in the urethra could and they just really bother me in general .
i used the default config from smallnetbuilder a while ago and that configured eth0 as wan and eth1 and eth2 as a bridged interface called br0
i want to remove the bridge and just set eth0 as wan and eth1 as lan and then use eth2 for something in the future
whats the best way to do this with little to no downtime ?
i 'm applying to jet but would like to have higher odds of actually teaching in japan .
some friends and friends of friends and i have been having a yearly get together for the past couple years on a rural property a couple hours out of sydney .
recently however the property has changed hands and the new land owner is repurposing .
basically we lost our venue so we 're all super sad .
i have very simple requisites for the venue just a simple outdoor space with enough room for about 200 people to set up tents preferably a bit flat somewhere remote enough that we would n't receive noise complaints from the neighbours .
we wo n't be having any fires we may light one central bonfire if the property owner allows however this is n't a requirement .
again as per the title we will not be leaving any kind of mess .. what that means is all the things we bring we will be taking home with us .
you will not have piles of rubbish or even tiny bits of rubbish left on your property .
i will be willing to pay a bond to guarantee this statement however i fully expect to get it back in full because as i said we will not be leaving any kind of rubbish or mess .
it 's for a private party everyone coming is either a close personal friend o of mine or a friend of one of my friends .
we are not a group of total fuckwits that will disrespect the property or the land we just like getting together and being able to have our music on loud all night
as i said i 'd be willing to pay a reasonable fee for the use of the property as well as a bond to ensure you get it back in the same condition you lent it to us in .
if necessary i can pay to put the owner/residents up in a hotel for the weekend but you 're more than welcome to come to the party
if anyone has a property or knows someone and said someone would like to make a few grand for basically doing nothing pm me !
you discovered masturbation and guess what it was fucking awesome .
what ruined it was your god damn parents who if they saw your browser history or god forbid caught you in the act ever reprimand you over it fucking assholes would create a negative association with what is perfectly fucking healthy .
blast your music so loud that you can not hear the negative thoughts and have fun .
also inb4 obligatory boil water notice for the next 2 days because new orleans is still living in the 1900s p
i have tried disabling steam client helper changing from beta access to normal restarting my computer and my internet .
what can i do so this game is playable again ?
also i am running a top tier computer and i have above average internet .
can you only shred for one card a day or something ?
when i shred for a card why does n't it let me do any more ?
i thought we as a subreddit cleared this up in 2012 i guess i was wrong .
a fan is someone who pays directly or indirectly another person to entertain them .
there is no such thing as a real fan '' or a fake fan '' just varying degrees of devotion to the team .
there is no right or wrong way to be a fan of a sports team .
the only criteria for being a fan is saying that you are a fan .
the die hard '' fan is not better than the fair weather '' fan or the bandwagon fan for that matter .
each type '' of fan has their benefits for example
the die hard fan keeps your team out of l.a .
but is also a very sad life when your team is historically one of the most mediocre in the nfl .
the fair weather fan stops paying for an inadequate product when the quality is n't up to desirable standards .
this signals to the company that they have to put out a better product to continue to profit .
but can sound pessimistic when their team is historically one of the most mediocre in the nfl .
the bandwagon fan great for consuming egregious amount of media and spouting off about their new team whenever they get the chance .
thus adding to the image of a certain player or team .
this is beneficial because when a player is given an image of eliteness '' this can subconsciously play into the minds of other players and referees .
for example if you are peyton manning and a lb spears you in the back .
that player will likely get flagged fined or more .
if you are alex smith none of those things could happen .
von miller spearing alex smith last season got no punishment
at the end of the day we 're just watching grown men play a game and get paid millions of dollars for it .
i understand that you feel strongly for your team because of hometown pride '' but that is not an excuse to degrade other people for being different than you are .
just because you are a die hard fan does n't mean you are better than anyone else .
all we really do as fans is literally just put the shirt on and show up .
we do n't get anything if the team wins the super bowl not even a ribbon for participation .
tl dr this is kansas city i do n't care who you are as long you are n't a dick you 're welcome to the beer and ribs at my tailgate .
i backed star citizen back during the initial kickstarter and picked the bounty hunter package '' .
it came with the 300i and lifetime insurance for the vehicle .
since then it appears that the 300i is n't really suited for bounty hunting purposes compared to the avenger so i was going to upgrade for the 5 it would cost .
does anyone know if the lifetime insurance i have on my 300i will be transferred to the avenger that 's replacing it ?
i 'm trying to find some studies that analyze inequality of wealth and/or income within racial groups and have n't found anything more recent than this 2002 paper http www.rci.rutgers.edu/~roos/courses/grstat502/phillipssp802.pdf intra-racial gini coefficients on p. 11 of the pdf .
is there anything out there that uses the 2010 census data or any other data source that 's less than 10 years old ?
everything in google under intra-racial income inequality '' is either 10 years old or limited to south africa .
i 've been struggling with deciding which g perm algs to learn .
leave a reason for why that alg is better .
also if you see someone has already posted your alg just up vote it to let me know more people like that !
does anyone have any solid data or case studies on why a membership site would be better for a brand vs an open store ?
an example of a membership store would be gilt or touch of modern
i understand exclusivity and premier access but is there data backing this up ?
just saw on surrender at 20 the new zombie nunu skin .
i loved the attention to detail and great work they did .
it also made me think back to zombie brand as well .
which also had great work with new visual and sound effects added .
after recently receiving zombie ryze in a mystery skin i wonder to myself what happened ?
there are no special voice overs or ability changes .
his splash art looks fantastic but in game it does n't look like it at all .
his splash art makes him look to be green and disgusting but in game he is just light blue .
riot could you please maybe do another visual update since halloween is coming up once more .
maybe make his q and other abilities green similar to the new nunu skin or zombie brand .
the only skill i have is tearing up my life
doing a let 's play on until dawn need your feedback on our video tell us if you like it or not .
oh yeah we 're drunk so we 'll be absolutely honest of course .
so i got into underoath a few months ago and was stoked when i heard that they were getting back together but as far as i know they 're only coming back for a reunion tour .
has the band said anything specific about what their plans are for after the tour ?
engineers will be obsolete because nobody plants bombs anyway .
assaults will rule the meta and rhino will be very useful there.what mercs do you think will be mainstays in people 's roster if/when competitive or pub execution happens and will those mercs be any different than the current mainstays ?
what do you guys think getting pretty excited for 2016 already
we all want to have our favorite champion summoner icon in our vault .
kindered the newest champion is the only champion with relevant summoner icon .
mind you i 'm not talking about project skins who also had their own summoner icons however project skins icons are for their skins and not the champion itself .
i think there should be 1 icon for each champion in the game .
riot only started doing this recently first started with omega squad teemo and then with the bilgewater icon 's such as tf 's grave 's and gp 's .
and then followed with the project icons zed fiora leona lucian and yi yasuo did n't even get his .
anyhow what i 'm trying to say we should be able to have at least 1 champion-related icon in our inventory .
have it sold with rps or whatever or simply award it to players who achieve a certain mastery level of that champion .
i purchased a netgeat r6300v2 ac 1750 router to compliment my 250mbp/s connection i got today .
according to speedtest.net i 'm only getting 94mbp/s out of the 250mbp/s i 'm paying for .
is it the router that 's causing this or is there something i can do to use all of the connection available to me ?
here is a prime example of a game that should not be on steam early access .
it 's on ea and has been for a year and to this day the game does not work 90 of the time .
even when it does nobody else is on to play with it 's laggy as hell and has some serious graphical clipping problems not to mention all the damn bugs .
updates are few and far between and sometimes postponed for months at a time .
so why does steam allow games like this to exist in early access ?
allowing games like this to remain steam ea means steam is supporting game companies like this to scam gamers .
had possibly the creepiest dream i 've ever had and remembered the story from this sub from years ago .
it freaked me out how similar it was and thought it would be cool to share .
i was in a house not mine but one that seemed familiar .
there was an infant in a room lying in a crib .
although the baby did n't favor my real life kid i felt an emotional connection staring at it .
there was an old man there talking to me .
he warned me about a shape-shifting goat '' who seeks young children and infants to steal away .
he warned me that it often takes the form of an attractive person to gain trust .
he said a few more things that i ca n't remember and left the house .
what seemed like only moments later i hear a knock at the door .
at this part of the dream it was like i had completely forgotten the earlier part .
i opened the door to see a woman probably around thirty years old .
i remember the sun was shining out and everything seemed pleasant .
then i remembered yes there was a baby in the house .
not just physical appearance but she had a very comforting nature about her .
she walked around the house a bit making small talk as the sun went down .
i left the room she was in for a second and came back .
i walked through the house a little ways and made my way toward where i thought the baby was .
a feeling of panic began to arise as i now remembered what the old man said .
i opened the door to the room only to see her go under a bed in an eerie fashion as if she was magically sliding .
i was almost paralyzed with terror as i could faintly here the muffled sound of a baby screaming .
i had an overpowering feeling of panic to save the baby and i dove on the floor and grabbed the woman by her legs just before she completely disappeared under the bed .
as i was holding her legs i looked up under the bed and saw the head of a goat staring back at me specifically noticing the oddly shaped pupils in it 's eyes .
it started making an absolutely bloodcurdling screaming yelling goat noise while speaking some unintelligible words .
as i pulled it 's legs which were still human seeming that any part that was under the bed was goat-shaped they began to stretch as if they were made of rubber .
i desperately kept grabbing and pulling with all my strength while it screamed back at me that terrible noise along with the baby crying loudly now .
it dropped the child and scurried back out the door on all fours appearing to still be half human/half goat .
this was the end or all i can remember .
i woke up in the middle of the night .
and what really hit me the hardest is that my imagination was still going uncontrollably like i was still dreaming with my eyes open .
i imagined hearing click-clacks on the hardwood floor with breathing noises .
and then the bastard came running into the bedroom eyes shining in the dark and started crawling up the bottom of the bed .
at this point i said fuck this and turned on the lights and watched some tv .
i 'm not a great storyteller but i wanted to share this as i remembered the goat-man '' story .
by no means would i consider myself a sensitive person .
and this is n't to disrespect any teachers or teaching assistants .
however in a certain cs course a fairly large number of gsi 's have been frankly assholes .
they offer little help and the help they do provide is snarky and plagued with derogatory unnecessary comments .
i 've been noticing an increase in this type of behavior throughout the semester .
other peers of mine have also mentioned their acts as rude and unnecessary .
the greatest examples can be seen on piazza where they do n't answer questions straightforwardly and scold users who ask certain completely valid questions .
one of these gsi 's even went to the extent of sassily explaining to a student that they should n't be asking those 'types ' of questions the question he/she was asking was a common question among students and did n't violate any of cs/berkeley/piazza guidelines .
i find it ridiculous that we use piazza as a resource to ask valid questions and we have certain instructors basically telling students what they can and can not ask .
in addition i find it ridiculous that berkeley would employ these un-workable individuals .
being brilliant at a certain field does not necessarily make you qualified to be a teaching assistant .
knowing this what is the best way to address this issue ?
where i had to take high doses on my first time and still did n't feel strong effects .
i obviously do n't take the antid 's the same day as the rc 's but i know they build up in your system ...
would really like egg moves on the squirtle close combat on the mankey wide guard on the mudkip stealth rocks and heavy slam on the onix .
likely wo n't get to any trades tonight as it 's already pretty late .
please know what to do and we will all have a blast .
i can run relic and i have touch of malice ... ... add kbchoppa
this is a stretch just moved here and have had a hard time finding more than two or three friends .
would love to meet someone that wants to go out and do whatever on the weekends then come back and crash and cuddle to a movie .
i 'm a bit shy so not looking for anything more than that for now .
i currently have a razer blackwidow chroma stealth keyboard .
i bought the keyboard in april 2015 this year .
i currently have a static blue profile showing and the 6 key looks like the blue light is dying and is faded compared to the rest .
i ran a color spectrum cycle and rainbow wave and the 6 key is red when the rest of the keyboard is blue and seems to flicker .
i 've only had the keyboard for a few months and do n't keep if on when i 'm not on the computer as to not use out the leds .
has anyone else experienced this and is it expected that the lights do n't last more than a few months before breaking ?
i 've submitted a ticket through razer but am wondering if it 's a common issue for lights/colors to die out or if i got really unlucky .
oh my god what a fucking trip that was .
my brain is still trying to process all of it each and every second of it was amazing .
ca n't wait for slipknot to hopefully comeback to winnipeg !
first off as a cubbies fan congrats to all of you !
i hope we see y'all in the series just cause i think that 'd be a fun af series to watch .
but i 'm a huge city and colour fan and saw dallas put a post up that he was at the game then came home to see a hype vid with his new single woman '' backing it .
for instance the child killed himself because after he was hypnotized by his principal . ''
i 've been researching group theory on and off for years .
i 'm mostly interested in the aspects of group theory that can be applied to solving physical problems .
unfortunately each book i 've picked up focuses on a different aspect of group theory and i 've found that my understanding of it is unfocused and somewhat confused .
for example i understand or had understood character tables but i 've never used a character table .
i sort of get lie algebras but i 'm not sure exactly how to use them .
i get that groups with the same lie algebra are equivalent in some way and that some groups are built out of multiple lie algebras but i 'm shakey on how to actually use this information in practice .
i feel like i 'm on the verge of understanding group theory if i can just tie all these loose ends together .
here are the main books i 've acquired on group theory over the years
but i get lost at the end where he starts assuming more you more without proof it can be shown that the difference algebra can be expressed as a sum of total matrix algebras and each irreducible algebra is equivalent to the direct product of a matrix algebra and a division algebra ... this explains why the quaternions complex become a two rowed matrix algebra '' ... . ummm ... okay maybe those statements should be plausible to me .
i 'm determined to understand every line of this book someday because the results are intriguing but i 've given up on understanding those results from this book alone .
here are some of the results i would like to understand from this book
how to use the group algebra to construct a basis for the group algebra the algebra of the symmetric group on three symbols is exhibited as a direct sum of three algebras ... ''
how to use that information to construct the character table .
what are the shur functions and why are they useful ?
notes on the quantum theory of angular momentum eugene feenberg
so far my favorite discussions of continuous groups have been in zee 's qft in a nutshell and einstein gravity in a nutshell .
hey people this is the first time i use this subreddit looks like it 'll be fun to check this around anyways im having trouble taking nice pictures of figures i wonder if someone can give me some tips on taking pictures of figs to look nice and professional .
i have a canon rebel and altho i very good in photoshop i have noob knowledge on the camera itself and i like to have picture with little to no photoshop .
my set up is some blue boards and 2 office lamps .
im not sure if i need to have a lamp with specific bulbs watts
or if is just me not setting up lenses f stops aperture correctly but my pictures dont look nearly as good as i seen them around .
if anyone can share their set ups and usual camera setting and lighting for figure capturing that would be awesome .
be modest ladies but when the wedding starts shake that ass .
geekly phoenix https www.facebook.com/groups/geeklyphoenix just posted a new document with comprehensive events listings for halloween events along with links and event info .
if you 're on facebook check it out it 's a document file in latest post .
i decided to do a few quests to earn just enough stones for a couple pulls with the saiyan event first pull on all 3 devices was garbage on the second pull on my tablet i accidentally chose the bojack pull instead then my heart sank yet again when i saw black haired goku but then boom another bojack !
with the extended story i can actually get the medals for him .
already have zangya for llinking the zeni training items z-awakening medals to get him ready instantly just need to do a little dokkan medal farming .
i 've been trying to get to 4k mmr but i 've dropped 300 mmr recently .
as easily as i can find fault in my teammates i know that i could also stand to support better .
i 'm not efficient when stacking or trying to secure kills early game .
i try to counterpick but often have to pick first because nobody else will pick a hero before they start losing gold .
if i could get coaching and advice i would be extremely grateful .
i mostly play venomancer earthshaker and rubick to support if that helps .
i was at im louisville this weekend as a volunteer and spectator and the weather was gorgeous the whole day .
however the next day there was about an hour of thunder and lightening at around 6:30pm .
had the im been a day later there would have been a lot of people on the run course during the storm .
knowing that ironman has a strong focus on athlete safety what do they do in a case like that ?
if not what do they do with 3000 athletes out on the roads ?
it 's not like they could gather them up in buses or have them stand under trees along the route while it blows over .
i personally love running in the rain good thing since i live in portland and would be pretty bummed to have the event canceled for a thunderstorm .
hello i played destiny on the xbox one to 40 and also got a decent lightlevel .
now the problem is everybody of my friends bought a ps4 so i bought yesterday one too with destiny .
i made a warlock and he has already 28 using the cristal and got my third spec active .
so what 's now the fastest way to level up to 40 ?
i killed 2 boss monsters called a rammernaut and a sagittare in daemonheim .
i have not been diagnosed yet but i ca n't see a dermatologist till february of 2016 .
i 've been using a loofah on a regular basis before the shower followed up by cetaphil gentle skin cleaner .
now i do n't know if that 's the right way to do it or not so please let me know .
plus i 've been thinking about changing my body wash to help .
so if you could suggest some products i 'd be greatly appreciative !
particularly for those with one and two-star ratings—do those generally match your experiences ?
my mum has been swinging from highs and lows for over the past ten years after my dad left us .
i have really done my best to keep her happy from cleaning the house too cooking dinner and to help raise my own brother .
i have tried to get her to get help one year by telling her that she needs to seek help to become happy and tired my best to get her too do that until she spent the next few months just being angry with me .
she has recently found a hobby which she has never had spirituality '' .
she has been too classes where they develop your skills as they call them she has learnt how to read tarot cards healing and other things i do n't understand .
to an extent there have been moments where she has been correct about thing to do with myself that no one does actually know and other times shes has so off track that i have to pretend that she is correct to keep her happy .
should i be concerned that she has finally completely lost the plot and that she still is n't going be happy in the long term ?
or should i let her be and encourage her to continue doing something as this is the happiest i have seen her in a while .
however short lived this all may be i worry about her long term happiness and the silly mistakes she is already making from they are telling me its a good idea '' voices .
i do believe in another realm but not sure id she is in tuned like she thinks
so this is probably going to be a long post .
so right now me and my best friend are not talking and we probably will never talk again unless i make the first move .
i go to school on the east coast and i left about a month and a half ago and a few weeks before i left there were some major problems between him and me and another mutual friend .
we had been friends since 6th grade and were all really close during high school .
friend 1 who is not currently talking to me or friend 2 and i would skype every single day for at least 2 years straight .
there was hardly a day where we did n't skype .
we would play video games and just talk we never were in silence and we always had at least something to talk about .
i did n't make many friends my first year of college and being able to talk to him after my day and tell him everything that 's been going on was great .
especially since i could play some video games and unwind a bit .
now for a little backstory so his ex girlfriend and my current girlfriend sorry if this is getting convoluted used to be best friends and i convinced friend 1 to ask her out .
before they start dating my girlfriend and his ex-girlfriend had a falling out and it was not pretty .
obviously i took my girlfriend 's side and to be honest it was completely justified and i think my friend was totally blinded by this new girl that he did n't even realize that he was hurting his friends by staying with her .
friend 2 and his girlfriend are also involved and they also take sides with me and my girlfriend .
the only thing as of right now that changes is the fact that we all kind of pretend that nothing is wrong even though we all have a hard time with him dating this girl .
especially since he refused to hang out with us because he said he would feel like a 5th wheel even though we had all hung out plenty of times before
friend 1 and his girlfriend break it off and he is really devastated .
he called me on skype after it happened and he was crying and i felt really bad .
the whole time he was dating her i never once said anything along the lines of wanting him to break up with her because i knew how happy he was .
i always gave him advice on his relationship with her despite the fact there was tension surrounding her .
he became depressed and confided in me that he really did n't find any joy in some of the things that he used to .
he started to give off this vibe that he did n't really care about anything .
this is really hard for me to deal with as a friend i wanted desperately to make him feel better and to feel whole again but he was just pushing me away .
this was a friend who once told me he would do anything for me .
this was a friend that i feel felt closer to me than his own girlfriend .
now a few weeks before i was leaving for my second year of college me and friend 2 show up to his house and he does n't really know the reason for us coming but we decided to come over and talk some sense into him .
we told him that he was our best friend and that despite any problems we have we want to fix them because of how long we had stayed friends .
he seems to be receptive slightly but i have my doubts .
we plan on hanging out one final time a night to remember before we all go back to college and he bails at the last minute and does n't really give us any insight as to why he did that .
i decide to wait it out figuring he will message me before i leave for 4 months .
finally i decide to message him a week before i leave and i tell him that i want to seem him and that i want him to be my friend despite anything that has happened up until that point .
i write a long winded response and 2 days later..
i ca n't hang out i 'm busy this week '' .
i could n't believe that after everything we had been through he was just going to throw me aside .
i send him a response back asking him how he could be so heartless and he tells me that he was upset that he came over and gave him an intervention '' and that since he did n't show up that one night he felt like we would just do it again and he decided to stay away .
he also felt that we always hated his girlfriend because we never invited her to anything but the overlooked part is that we were never invited to anything with them either .
it goes back and forth and pretty much him ending it by being very rude and sassy trying to make a point out of everything .
he said that once he gets mad he ca n't get over it look at my past friends why stop now .
i could n't believe it i was so unbelievably hurt and it was the first time in a very long time where i openly sobbed about losing him as a friend .
the last thing i said was that i was sorry if i did anything to hurt him in any way and that i was really sad by what he said and that i wanted to be his friend .
that 's the last thing he have said to each other and it has been a month and a half .
friend 2 is over it and does n't want to deal with it anymore .
we had that connection of talking about literally everything .
i felt like i could totally be my true self around him and he made me very happy .
despite recent events he was actually a really good friend .
he was n't the best listener all of the time but he was always there when i needed him .
this past month and a half in college have been lonely .
i find myself in my own head more than i am talking to other people .
even friend 2 although my best friend is not that great of a listener and really hard to communicate with .
i just really needed to get this off of my chest .
i also really want to message friend 1 but i just do n't know what to say .
i also do n't know if it will be reciprocated well .
but i feel like if there is any chance of rekindling our friendship it has to be done sooner rather than later .
if any of you have any advice i would really appreciate it and i really thank you for taking the time and listening to my story it means the world to me .
ca n't remember the year game or context of this remark but it just came to mind .
if you have something you want to discuss or share i 'm happy to listen .
pm me your kik whatsapp or other messaging information if you need to .
for those that do n't know teemo was recently buffed again
but i 'm surprised not that many people have jumped to playing him again ...
sorry to be the bearer of bad news but it might not be happening in the way some think .
bbyjuby has stated that there is just a handful left '' and to keep an eye out since some have already gone up and sold out . ''
i stumbled upon this subreddit and the only video i remember was a women giving a presentation and then her boss starting to fuck her .
it was a subreddit about women that do n't have control or something not bdsm or something .
ram 5gb dedicated server owned by dans1988 thank you !
vanilla aside from the base vanilla the game has some balancing changes .
make sure to read the game information section below .
note game information is configurable by each host on cyburgh so rules and features may change make sure to read this information carefully before playing .
you can also use uhc '' in-game to read the config .
winners will receive pre-whitelist and a winner tag for 2 weeks only on the server they win on .
we tweet out every game 10-15 minutes before opening on twitter giveaways and updates are also announced there .
uhc opens a gui with the config of the host showing what is enabled/disabled .
timeleft shows time until pvp and meetup passed time and the current minecraft time in the overworld .
is this viable or will i be laughed at ?
i just love the idea of one handed light saber while i choke my enemies with the other way more than dual wielding .
only problem is i suck at tanking so that 's out of the question .
a few weeks ago someone posted a pic of their ar with a red safety selector and i want one .
the ones i 'm finding are n't really what i 'm looking for so i 'm hoping for some help .
so i 've got the dreaded lurgy aka the common cold and i would like some ideas for juices that 'll alleviate it or are at least easier to vape .
i just threw together one that seems to work alright .
it 's good and pretty much ready after mixing .
does anybody else have go-to recipes for when the cold has struck ?
loved the other thread but understandably a very heavy us bias when reading through all the replies what uk tricks can we drum up ?
bb1 player using bb2 now ... is there any way to view an opponent 's team roster while in game ?
i ca n't for the life of me find it ... .
i 've launched an app today which is like tinder but for deleting photos .
i 've seen a lot of people who 've had problems with space in their phone .
their phone has mostly useless photos from random whatsapp group they 're part of which end up taking lots of space .
so i made this app to help them get rid of photos which they do n't need and get some free space back .
i had built a pre-launch mailing list and sent the app to them after launching .
plan to add videos too in a future version .
please give it a try and provide some feedback .
i 'm looking for a high end and reasonable price and non ebay price .
feel free to throw out deals here any offer is welcome if it helps me choose a good deal .
hey all just wondering if there was any meet and greet or after party going on that we know about for this gig ?
we 're running a contest on twitter similar to the yogbook one for some new fright night merch we have available and because it is 2spooky4u halloween time !
basic premise if you buy/get any fright night merch either the 2 posters or shirt .
take a picture of it irl and tweet it with the hashtag yogsfrightnight and tag yogscast .
prizes will be bundles of other yogscast merch and some cool game stuff we have from various companies !
we 're gon na select a couple of random winners but also pick winners for spookiest '' most badass '' and the best horror movie reference '' entry .
contest goes on till 3rd of november so plenty of time .
and any going to mcm comic con can get the merch there as well .
any questions or if you see folks asking questions online feel free to direct them here or to just ask yogscast and i 'll answer .
ppl say that soul steal on diablo is bad ... why ?
standart trait gives him at 100 souls 20 extra hp and with soul steal 70 extra hp .
which should mean that without soul steal with 100 sould at lvl 20 he has 6960 hp and with soul steal and 100 souls he has 9860 .
granted i only played about 10 matches in it tonight so my sample size is kinda fucked but out of those ten i had roughly half of them being the only t4 in a t3/2 match .
because it 's kind of really fucking obscene when you can just tear new people apart with minimal issues .
i was looking into making a death ball team .
was thinking death prophet shadow shaman drow ranger undying and lich maybe ?
this can be anything big or small as long as it has assured you that humanity exists and is alive and well
i 'll have a spare japanese code to give out .
if anybodies interested i have three keys that i ca n't seem to give away .
i do n't know if that makes me reticent or whatever but here they are
been playing the game for a couple of months now and have gone mostly solo with occasional random matchmaking but now i 'd like to join any active line groups to maximize the fun this game has to offer p
my username in line will come up as s s señor endaxil
thanks and hope to play with some of you soon !
would be interesting to hear how people with lesser '' teams have managed did the interest keep up ?
this was super detailed and super amazing to read .
if you ca n't read past the marketing bs do n't bother .
due to my injuries i would not have been deployable again .
i do n't disagree that the same feeling could be found elsewhere but i have n't experienced it .
if i rated the degree of excitement i get from war i would rate it a ten out of ten .
it seems silly now that i should seek to find that feeling again with less extreme actions .
speeding and breaking the law is great but nothing compares to combat .
every top draft prospect likely got their start in a d-1 school
nice concept and i think the choice of words and sentence structure works since we 're in the narrator 's head .
when you break a paragraph you can add more emphasis to the lines that are set apart .
so i would 've put at least the last two sentences in their own paragraph .
as far as i recall most colleges and universities have a page where they address what they accept and what scores they require .
if they do n't i believe collegeboard the ap administrators and owners do track those records .
i have a bunch of texts that i don want to look at just yet .
probably also because the oldschool megaboobs just look fucking ridiculous with a more realistic art style and better graphics .
i know it not a popular opinion but people under the age of seven should be banned from the unsupervised handling of guns .
my old doctor back in 2011 said i must have torn my meniscus an old injury that happened back in 2002 i did n't have health insurance being fresh out of college and badly underemployed and i walked around for a week using my grandfather 's cane till i felt better and that if we ever did surgery on the knee it would continue forever always something new .
i 'm 37 and have been running for the last two years i figured i was always on borrowed time with my busted-ass body and that i 'd do my best as long as i was still able-bodied .
so yeah gettin ' old and never really in great condition since i was 22 or 23 alas !
and i was overweight from 13 on so that body weight on already not-great joints was a recipe for chronic pain .
rumored for insufficient funding in usa to continue multiple body styles for the wrx line .
well you said it 's your old saab so you may not have it anymore but that problem is normally in the high beam switch on your steering wheel .
how many stones are needed for the guaranteed ssr summon ?
bb14 dan also had essentially 28 days of immunity to make social relationships with people before he was every eligible for eviction .
week 2 when danielle his final player was on the block it was revealed that if she had been evicted dan would be leaving with her .
the house really could have had a 2-for-1 deal that week but somehow missed that opportunity .
red light cameras they have to prove that you were the one driving and that you received the citation .
just ignore the mailer and they it is usually outsourced to some private corporation do not have a way to enforce it .
hi everyone thought i would just ask here instead of making another thread .
i 've been trying to learn with usariadna and i 'm not sure if i picked the right faction or subfaction for the matter to start with .
i 'm constantly getting rolled and i get it you got ta learn from your losses .
but i 'm just getting destroyed by our pan'o players specifically .
taking advice from my opponents has n't worked out well as most people in my meta are learning too .
should i be playing ariadna vanilla instead of focusing on the us troops ?
or should i be looking at another faction completely ?
i 'm the only person with ariadna here so sort of hard to bounce ideas off of people .
only thing usariadna lacks is tags which is a bummer !
no one doubts threshold 2 is coming out in november just that extensions will be in edge by then .
i do n't know adrian was insanely good at warding allowing for early aggression from rush and adrian was also very proficient on mechanically intensive champions .
easily the best na support from the summer split .
they 're both also very young so they have a ton of room to grow .
lol programming joke since git did n't exist back then ?
lorenzo was lucky to have won both his championships then .
also he was lucky to have inherited a winning bike that rossi helped develop .
he needs to stop it with the luck talk and get on with it .
gi bill makes it worth it and i made alot of life long friends and got job skills .
because the scope of both their paradises was global that statement does n't really make sense .
what i gather you 're trying to say is that lelouch is a better character because his plan was portrayed in a more favorable light than kira 's ?
even if lelouch 's plan actually was better for humanity which i disagree with that does n't make him a better character by any means .
the thing is a coach is going to be looking into the future recruits he ca n't change what edsall accomplished .
south carolina 's greatest years with spurrier are behind them i do n't think they will get to that level again in a long time .
so i 'm looking for the value a where the two pieces of the function equal the same f x at x=2 correct ?
as x → 2 from the left you see that the first function a 2 x 2 grows steadily closer to 2 2 a 2 4a 2 .
as x → 2 from the right you see that the second function 1 − a x grows steadily closer to 1 − a 2 2 − 2a .
and as you said those two sides have to converge to the same value so you need to find the value of a which does that .
i 'll give out 2 pairs of codes to anyone willing to play with me .
alright to be fair i do n't really know your area and you do if it works it works !
sure maybe i could get a class and ask my parents technically still under them until graduation happens in june so ill wait for that .
at times it does n't form clear crystals but more of a powdered substance looks like what you have there .
actually i could listen to her read a user manual for a power drill and still enjoy it .
but we live in america you ca n't tax the shit out of the rich '' you can tax high income earners or those with high capital gains but those are n't always the same .
when i pointed that sanders ' only option to get that retained wealth was some form of nationalizing assets many in the thread thought that was a lovely idea and suggested that a nice little revolt against the rich was the way to go .
you were just exhibiting your god given right of capitalism .
sailing a spy ship into the middle of a war zone is risky business .
same here not able to find anything since 3 or 4 days ca n't go further than rank 28 .
even right now after 40 min of try/retry in each game modes nuthin ' ... .
by reading some of your messages i feel like you need to get out more .
not within the tm organization but since the purpose of such practices is n't just to develop powers but to speed up growth towards enlightenment it should n't matter .
they are making a claim and they ca n't back it up .
it 's like marketing a pill with the claim that it will restore hair growth to bald men and also helps with general wellness '' or some such vague untestable claim .
if you ca n't show a single previously bald man who now has a full head of hair your pill is a scam no matter how well '' all the bald men who buy your product claim to feel .
until i see a levitating tm practitioner i could n't care less how it supposedly works '' .
he actaully did go to the imperial academy and wound up joining the rebellion .
the v10 is the exact phone with 1gb extra ram .
it 's lpddr3 so you wo n't see a drastic change .
we 've had authoritarian governments for all those years .
it 's miller time i do not condone or support consumption of miller
marine/marauder/ghost/medivac/mine/liberator is pretty much my bread and butter right now .
that should be able to take out his army pretty easily .
just tailor the army to what you encounter so in this scenario i would likely incorporate more marines less marauders more mines ghosts at a handful and always a lot of liberators .
you have a good young team things are looking up for houston !
seeing the prices of properties right now in auckland '' .
there are plenty of places that the housing price rises slower than your savings will .
i am with kiwibank 's kiwisaver and i can see where every cent is invested .
if you do n't get kiwisaver you let your employer give you a 3 pay cut right off .
then you lose 550 ish a year from the tax department .
if you 're making 20,000 a year you 're giving your employer 600 a year for nothing .
i 'm 26 and i never even noticed my kiwisaver money leaving my pay .
i also have been an unemployed student quite a lot and i 've only had a 40h/w job for a few months in all that time and i have 20 odd grand .
which added to my partner 's kiwisaver and the first house grant 10,000 free little dollars is a really decent deposit on a house .
or i could have taken the money in the hand spent it on like an energy drink and gum etc each week and never noticed and have nothing now .
either he was going for a back pass which can be caught by the keeper or much less likely he thought he was at the other end of the field but i find that pretty much ruled out .
if you look at his body movements you can tell where he was aiming you 've clearly never headed a ball in your life .
um he does n't do that anymore he has n't done that in a year or more
this has been one the best lds series that i have ever seen .
usually one of two teams get utterly fucked while getting swept .
quickest way is to lose about 2 lbs per week but you have good amount of muscle so you will lose a bit of that .
so the best thing to do is try to lose 1 lb a week .
get mfp put in all the information and lose that fat .
then just do some ab exercises and they will pop out more .
if you do this you can most likely get abs in a month even .
i saw my first one on the road today driven by an older gentleman .
he was driving it like you would expect and then did a uturn and stepped on it and the stock exhaust almost made me go buy one right there .
i really do n't know why they have n't at least added 2 extra triggers .
they could even put them side by side if they had to like the old wii classic controller .
i lift my rig to a lan party does it count ?
the problem is that the people towards the back ca n't see what 's going on up front they just know that they 're being crushed from behind and there 's a bit more room ahead of them .
even the people at the very back are still crushed between the walls and the people ahead so they start to panic and try to escape .
people in this thread are assuming a level of information and rationality that is just not available in such a terrifyingly chaotic situation .
there is no announcement of hi everybody there 's a stampede please hold still and try not to die . ''
people are almost certainly screaming in an attempt to figure out what 's going on or to talk to their friends and family except they ca n't hear anything because they 're drowned out by all of the other people trying to figure out what 's going on or talk to their friends and family .
dying in a stampede is an awful awful way to go and there is pretty much nothing you can do to stop one from the inside of the crowd .
this is new day condensed into a single gif .
if you could edit that clip to show the morales homer on the tv that would be epic .
wo n't even leave the car until it 's finished .
well the only thing i can take away from is that she is unique in regards to her look .
there is n't a physically scary women 's wrestler on the roster and she has that going for her .
i have played and am pretty comfortable with savage worlds which is easier and i think a little more welcoming .
should i try to convince them to try that instead ?
this is some good stuff and i will go through it .
i have a youtube channel that i 'm wanting to supplement with a blog type website for my niche .
that 's what 's on their official youtube page .
you do n't get good '' by having all the cards you get good by knowing the meta and anticipating what the opposing player will play .
you can only get that knowledge through hours and hours of play .
also just because someone had success with a deck does n't mean it will work in your situation .
so you need to have the knowledge of what cards are suitable substitutes to help you win more games based on the types of other decks your opponent has .
you can only get that insight through watching or playing dozens of hours of hearthstone .
so my advice is to spend 40 dollars 20 on naxx and 20 on random packs and play 2-3 hours every day for a month .
then you can start thinking about being competitive . ''
i 'm also happy that more people are starting to use discord .
apparently it 's less scratch prone it 's the new blu ray tech
yes it will work fine unless your motherboard is broken .
hey dude i 'm at school but around 3:30 i 'll be able to go on .
if you have time would you be able to lend a hand ?
i have a mic and i 'm light level 293 .
what is your outlook on the future of cannabis ?
how do you think people 's negative perceptions of it could be changed ?
this whole i ca n't vote for that person because they will never win '' is a self fulfilling prophesy and part of why the system is so broken to start with .
maybe if everyone who had that mindset for a candidate actually voted for who they wanted to win instead of who they think will win that unelectable candidate could win .
or at least make a good showing giving credence to them as a candidate for next election .
this is n't a contest or a bet you do n't get a prize for choosing the winner .
you 're supposed to take internships during your free summers in college so by the time you graduate you have some work experience .
a trick to getting out of a corn hedge mirror etc maze is to hold your right and against the wall to your right and keep walking .
it wo n't be the fastest way out but it will get you out eventually .
the most surprising part here is that your rig is actually capable of operating with that many wither skellies .
mine ground to a halt both client and server when it was just 3k of them .
no fucking bail for drugs yet if i 'm prosecuted with murder its 100,000
your arm got burnt by the heat of the electricity through whatever you touched .
if it did n't go through my arm then what exactly did i get shocked by ?
you just gave me a bunch of numbers explaining to me why it would die out in my arm before getting to my heart you did n't explain any reason how it apparently did n't go through my arm .
i tried finding them on my ride to work but could n't .
well not that i know idk what they sound like .
alan is my go to every single afternoon love him but would n't mind trying a new morning show .
i personally love smashrun and when my premium runs out on strava i might just grabb premium for sr .
i will stay on strava for the kudos of course .
makes sense eu4 is an easy paradox starter with ck2 being in the middle ground of the difficulty curve and hoi3 on the 'wtf-am-i-doing-all-my-troops-are-gone-game-over ' end of the spectrum .
jumping headshots strafing headshots if i saw you ... you 'd be getting head shotted .
but ever since taken king i 've been missing like hell .
shots that i know would 've landed year 1 simply do n't .
i think this is due to muscle memory of pre nerf hand cannons and the nerf to hand cannons is so subtle that it 's taking a while to learn .
i know it may have been disturbing but pickle satan deserved it .
at least you were n't being eaten by junk monokuma ... shudder ... .
do you actually want the best team to win or do you just want to cheer for a team that 's going to win ?
i mean i understand if you do but i always like a good underdog story
i love miss evers character she 's so kind and creepy at once
i bought a 25 pack of marlboro gold lights for 24 today in melbourne to go with my 43 700 ml 24oz jack daniels .
a red dwarf star already exists close to this star 130 billion km away .
any discussion of distances in space immediately humbles me and makes me realize how tiny our earth really is .
creating new currency would be easy getting people to recognize it as valuable the real trick .
i think its still worth to bet small on titan since its cobble .
the pundits are going to say hillary every time because they 're told to .
he 'd also have had a great view of a global thermal nuclear war
aa is great as his ult stops alch 's ultimate which is a major factor early game .
oracle can purge chemical rage i think and you can also disarm alchemist .
ww another good hero as her slows early on can kite alch and her ultimate goes through bkb meaning a guarantee stun .
the main thing to think about when playing against alchemist is how weak he is early game .
you need to punish him and stop him farming .
you ca n't just ignore him even if it seems you 're winning due to the enemy fighting 4 v 5 .
he will get big and turn the game around if he 's good .
free beer and hot wings rips on bob and tim as well .
they replaced him on banana 101.5 which is a huge radio station in michigan .
good job man.. do n't look back its not worth it .
i am on day 38 and i find cigarette smoking quite disgusting and i ca n't believe my friends put up with me for so long cause i ca n't put up with.the smell of smoke now lol
is that blue glitter just for decorations or is that really edible ?
either way that looks yummy p. and happy birthday bro
i think it 's worth it even only for persona 4 golden gravity rush danganronpa and ys memories of celceta .
see that 's not bad that is just convenience .
i do n't see that as bannable as much as useful .
i doubt you got banned for utility like that .
given that jake follows eddie and henry to the mansion on dutch hill in the waste lands i 'd agree he is n't from keystone earth as well .
it has been demonstrated in the story explicitly stated in the story and confirmed by the author that toby is the exception .
what happens to one affects the other when they merge .
i 'd also guess emma has the same rule if she is alternate with toby .
i 'm pretty sure he meant for it to be a joke
i agree that this event is not nearly as p2w as people think if there is a way for people to support the game they play and able updates to be released faster why is that a bad thing ?
even if it was slightly pay to win i would rather have an event then nothing .
the reason why insurance is so high is because guys like you are around to pay it .
i would never give the corrupt insurance and government in ontario this satisfaction .
i do n't actually think it would present a logistical issue .
you ask for help and then ure being rude ?
there are also medical tourists who come to the us for healthcare .
similar thing happened to me i bought some expensive jeans and the popper on one of the buttons broke when i took it back it was on sale so i had like £20 store credit as well .
livestock livin ' their lives stuck together in harmony !
no i mean admirality as that will be a thing in a couple of weeks and this will be relevant when t his change goes live .
women do need iron supplements during pregnancy in the west we take iron/folate supplments so they eat it pretty often but after birth it 's pretty much every meal for a week .
it was a bit traumatic at the time but we learned the lesson and i still have a little pang of it every time that thought even crosses my mind .
by which i mean those times when you 're fed up with the staff at a retail store because you ca n't find a single person who works there to help you find anything and you 're like i could totally just steal this right now and no one would even know ''
i love the trainers i do n't really understand why they stopped making em
separately the smartest kids in my high school were n't asian
i think over time the constant disappointments the falls the loneliness the talking to one self just cursing your past every day waking up wishing you never been born .
then one day you get a job and you make a good tasting chili and that 's really all you got in the world .
its not enough its not a movie you never will wake up next to someone .
no one will actually want to be with you unless you actually pay for something .
eventually your mind builds up scar tissue and you no longer give a fuck .
i do n't think there is insignia is a decent model .
a lot of what i 've read on here is what i tend to think of as real world examples of the intermediate value theorem .
in a nutshell it says that if a continuous function obtains both positive and negative values then at some point it must equal zero .
in terms of the pricing/willingness to pay paradox '' i think of my change in utility from making a purchase to be a decreasing function of price .
this is somewhat intuitive as most would agree that it is more desirable to receive the same object at a lower price from the standpoint of the customer .
most things i buy i know that i 'd be happy to get for free but miserable if i paid 1,000,000 for it .
thus assuming my utility function does not contain sudden jumps at certain prices there must be an exact price that i value the object at .
in quantitative finance this stuff is hugely important when you start making the assumption that highly liquid assets are actually traded at their fair prices thus allowing you to prices more complicated products using this knowledge .
dragon age origins is just so dense and serious and i ca n't really remember the 15 hours i 've played already .
similar for morrowind which i spent far more time installing than playing .
though movement and combat were the main sticking points .
dublin is damn expensive like stupidly expensive by comparison to any other country .
i was working there for 5 months using hotels each week .
from my experience you 're talking at least 100 euro a night to get a basic hotel room and that 's for 1 person they might charge a lil more for the second person .
there is essentially no such thing as affordable hotels rent in dublin .
you will pay through the nose for basic accomodation .
a serviced apartment with wifi will most likely be way outside of your budget unless you put in a lot of work to find private rent and negotiate the price .
you will need to drop your expectations majorly or up your budget by a good bit .
considering you 're mostly undamaged i 'd let it go .
if you 're bent on revenge you know his car so give it time and then do what you must .
you know who he is or can at least identify him and his car but if he 's connected to the cops he can get your info too .
broke my foot or at least cracked/chipped a bone playing badminton .
basically i jumped up and landed with all of my weight on the side of my foot ... .
surprisingly it did n't hurt that much unless i actually tried to put any weight on it .
someone is a condescending little prick are n't they .
and get with the program the shop has the old ui version of smite .
it 's not ruining '' the shop it to updating it so it suits the current version of the smite layout .
hey blitz good that you are writing in this thread !
i always admired your storm spirit and wanted to hear from you how hard the new patch actually hit storm do you still play him much in the 7k area ?
anything else would be a gigantic insult to her ... she should have traps use a throwing spear and have movement abilities .
i can not even begin to consider any other alternative ...
stannis succeeding in the north removing the boltons and having a last heroic stand a la ' storm 's end against the others .
abbas is full of shit what a fucking surprise .
not bad considering most of my recruiting knowledge comes from blue mountain state .
i would consider tpab to also have an experimental but spectacular concept that is far more important to the black community and will do much more for it as a whole which imo is pretty groundbreaking considering where race relations are at in general at the moment .
people have chanted songs off tpab at multiple race rallys and the million march shouldnt that qualify as groundbreaking ?
you read about one then another one then you conclude that they are now happening all the time .
i reckon i can get them easier than most people in the country and i feel like i can spread the joy a little .
i only really want 1 diancie so 1 diancie for 3 game hoopa once i get them obviously .
well official comic canon has them not related to magneto either .
not my fault you ca n't read when you finish high school come back and try that whole comprehension thing again k ? .
tried to signup under you but failed it says sorry our campaigns are filled at this time .
we will notify you when a new one is available.
also noticing a lot of names from the reddit mgo ps4 community which is nice .
no worries i have a huge wyoming fan in my office .
i 'm going to share your etsy site with her too .
one time back in primary school at lunch this one fat teacher who scared me back then was yelling at me for a reason i do n't remember .
she literally scared the shit out of 7 year old me .
the logic about gender roles in kitchens is amazingly hypocritical given that in my lifetime the top chef schools in france would n't even allow women in .
it 's a women 's job oh but if you want to be a professional that 's a men 's job .
bloody hell i am half tempted to go to achenar with a cargo scanner and turn people away who are carrying slaves .
i know it 's in ald space but this is sickening .
and before i receive some strongly-worded replies i said half tempted .
there is not a number of counters against them that do n't involve using your super .
never thought i 'd save the day then saw your post .
put yea found this from this amazing sub https www.reddit.com/r/analorgasms
as someone who actually knows what you 're talking about what do you think really needs to be done to deal with this ?
are these people hopelessly broken or can they be helped ?
and for those in the latter category what would it take ?
guild wars 2 just went free2play and does n't sell dlc only expansions which is good .
let the isi train the taliban and arm hikmetyar to the teeth
pakistan acted contrary to our interests and we let them .
the taliban was created by mullah omar in 1991 .
not a nice guy but he is n't part of the taliban either so ...
and i used to run that in the bell towers way back in vanilla too .
great now i 'm going to smoke and watch that movie again for the thousandth time .
not providing a niche utility like lario 's 40-hit spark blanket .
not going on a serious raid squad since survival actually matters .
not outshining anyone else on an otk squad where the ls spheres have all the power lario can happily come along and you still rip otk'able enemies to shreds .
of course it 's worth pointing out that this is not a lario discussion he was just an example of a farmable 6-star unit with better defensive stats .
if you include rs units she 's closer to the bottom of the bell curve inching towards the middle after imps .
the best thing about this unit is the 8bc fill on bb and sbb which is awesome .
but her sbb is a liability because it 's sure to overwrite anyone else 's vastly superior bb attack modifier buff which you pointed out yourself .
that alone is enough to damn her into being unusable because if you compare that to gazia zenia dion lava or will the difference in their buff easily outweighs the extra atk she provides .
the flexibility is gone you now have to carefully plan out when to use her .
on a gazia team lario probably results in more overall damage because gazia 's sbb buff never gets overwritten by lario .
she 's a solid unit but her glass cannon stat distribution combined with her buff combo makes her tricky to take advantage of .
just summon any 7 unit and they 're going to be doing comparable damage with vastly superior bulk .
the old units zelnite and kuhla would be preferable and if you 're excluding the rs gate then eru or reed would be about as good as this unit less offense similar defense variety of different buffs that might synergize better with your other available units .
i 'd love to know where you shop as 500 for everything would be a steal from what i 'm seeing .
but please if you have better sources i 'd love to pay less !
gaijin allowed him access to test something in exchange for confidentiality .
gaijin is the party that kept up their part of the drill
i 've heard its a good gun and it 's fun .
if you want that type of performance out of a pistol ultra-fast 22 cal get a 22 tcm pistol or even the 22 mag pmr-30 .
wayyyyy cheaper and the 22 tcm is a really cool round .
i 'm crying because i did it through safari on iphone .
eh they 'd still both be able to pitch 2 games each
and you could move kershaw/greinke up a game on short rest if necessary .
i deleted my gallery and quit because i had a lot of issues with art theft and people selling my stuff .
i tried putting a watermark on everything but it still happened and it was just a hassle so ... .meh .
though i 've been taking requests to try to get back into art so if it works then i might make an fa again .
remember when the panthers sub had an official celebration https np.reddit.com/r/panthers/comments/2rcmxe/official_we_arent_playing_green_bay_celebration that they got to play a playoff game in seattle instead of lambeau ?
and then they were all offended https www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/2rcp59/seahawks_open_as_105_favorites_over_carolina when the line opened at 10.5 and increased to 13.5 ?
once it flips to in transit i will be less nervous
they also transferred the social care remit into the nhs did the budget also get transferred ?
not sure if it 's physically moving everything is tightened down pretty good .
in plus din ce a relatat pare ca si-a dat interesul sa rezolve problema pagubitului in timp ce ala e gainar si vrea cash .
you ca n't go to jail unless you actually committed a crime .
he might be able to get some money out of you depending on how it 's worded but you 're probably fine because it would n't be worth it .
vehicles coming off the assembly line have to comply with federal import emissions tests .
once they pass those it does n't matter what happens to them .
i agree that these trucks should be illegal but they currently are not .
he 's been getting most of the work once the game is in hand as well and i think they wrap it up early .
they look at eu and na as the same .
you think they reall give a fuck about the s1 worlds or are impressed wtih how clg lost to frost .
pretty sure they respected alex ich and thats where the respect stopped .
when i first started using it i was taking a ton of surveys and dedicating too much time to it now i just hit my daily goal each day and then stop which i can usually get almost all the way to with just the apps .
the main defense against time travel being possible is what 's known as the grandfather paradox '' .
if you could travel back in time and kill your own ancestor you would eliminate the possibility that said time traveler would ever be born and as a result you ca n't possible have lived to travel back and murder your own ancestor .
my favorite twist on this is chuck palahniuk 's book rant '' .
in this book he theorizes if he goes back in time and murders his own parents he actually becomes immortal .
if you currently exist but eliminate your own beginning how can you possibly have an ending ?
marriage is something else i do n't understand at all .
to ensure the quality of our subreddit we enforce a 250 character minimum on all text posts .
if you are asking a simple question please post it in the mundane questions thread instead .
if you would like to repost your question please make sure you add basic information like your champion pool your rank and specifics about what you need help with .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/summonerschool if you have any questions or concerns .
brit being shockingly ignorant of u.s. history here but i never realised how recently the usa was still gaining states .
you are kinda the stay at home type are n't you ?
hat eine andere polizeigewerkschaft dpolg kürzlich auch gesagt die öffentlichkeit bekommt nur einen bruchteil davon mit um sie nicht unnötig in schrecken zu versetzen .
predictions this will be an hd update a la wind waker it will be digital-only because nintendo are really pushing digital these days see fatal frame and its release for the holiday season has been expedited to make up for the lack of zelda u which will launch with the digital-only nx as a preload in q3 2016 .
uhh now that i think about it it was probably more of an internal memo sooo i probably should n't have said anything .
if the thread says there is 1 comment in the thread and it does n't show one ...
i thought you were going somewhere philosophical for a second
fgrep is just the same as grep f it does fixed-string search instead of regex search .
zen moment is really really good for keeping the recoil down .
i also really like quickdraw on them it makes pulling them out in panic moments much easier .
they make for a really good pairing with a pulse/scout rifle my last extremity and a havoc pigeon with zen moment is quickly becoming my favorite load-out to cover those close to close-medium distances .
i 'd almost say they cover the same gap as a fusion rifle does ?
what entitles you to say that those 200 gives you the right to watch the rest of the games ad free ?
the only thing pre this last update is too many one-sided matches .
i find it no fun regardless of which team i 'm in when that happens .
i only played one match since the update and it was a very close call awesome !
however i do n't know if fair balanced matchmaking was specifically addressed .
figure out your budget total set aside 1/3 of it for a grinder and then we 'll figure out the best option for you
in regards to the drink i think the caramel is as much of an issue as the skim p
sorry your submission was removed from r/music because your account is less than one day old .
we have to take these measures to combat spammers it 's nothing personal .
we 'd like you to get to know the place better before contributing so for now just sit back and enjoy the content posted here .
please read this entire reply as we 're trying to help you become successful on reddit .
first time redditors should be aware of reddit 's site-wide guidelines http www.reddit.com/wiki/reddiquette .
if you are planning to submit your own music site or channel in r/music you must read the guidelines for self-promotion on reddit http reddit.com/wiki/selfpromotion .
violating these rules will result in a site-wide shadowban that 's just the way reddit operates there 's nothing we can do about it .
new users should take the time to read the subreddit introduction r/music/wiki/introduction to learn what this place is all about and how we operate .
tomorrow you will be able to comment on threads but not submit posts to r/music .
keep in mind that if you do n't have anything positive or constructive to say in your comment it 's best to refrain from saying anything .
new users must maintain a minimum positive karma score to submit posts in r/music .
again this is nothing personal it 's something we have to do to avoid spammers clogging up our feed to the tune of hundreds of submissions each day .
we ca n't reveal what this score is but we can tell you that anyone who actively uses reddit and is a positive part of the community will have no problem earning their way past this limit quickly .
if you wish to promote in r/music without participating in the community you can buy cheap 5 30 sponsored links http www.reddit.com/advertising .
these will place your music at the top of the page for a couple of days without the need to earn upvotes so everyone will see them .
if you have any questions about reddit please read the reddit faq http www.reddit.com/wiki/faq .
if you are just starting out on your career as a musician r/music is not the place where you want to submit your works-in-progress or first musical creations .
this is the place for finished tracks and albums that are for sale .
there are many other active knowledgeable music communities made up of people like you who will provide feedback advice and technical tips on how to improve your sound .
reddit will even help you to find new band members and learn to play an instrument .
some of the most well known communities are listed below .
r/radioreddit a radio station of redditor-made music hungry for your tracks
the music makers multireddit u/evilnight/m/musicmakers contains 80 communities each dedicated to a different aspect of making music .
there is no better place on the entire internet to get advice and feedback on your own music .
use these resources because they will help you become a better musician .
as you participate in these communities you will quickly earn enough karma to submit your music in r/music and prove that you are an honest user making positive contributions .
we apologize for all of these hoops however there is no other way to protect this subreddit from spammers and users aiming to exploit it .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/music if you have any questions or concerns .
is n't that a bit like arguing that there are no able-bodied parking spaces ?
he 's calm and great with kids but also low-maintenance .
kids love playing with him for 20-30 minutes but once they get bored and want to do something else he 's not demanding attention and is happy to just sleep on the sofa .
ca n't get the link to open but i 'll keep trying .
when i go into upload studio in manage my clips my lastest screenshot i took about 4 hours ago is there .
not sure how long it takes to get there but i saved it and uploaded here 's the result http imgur.com/a/a5nmu
i know and thats why adding splash wo n't do .
and yeah the situation in which the screenshot was taken they could n't pull them in the fountain they tried but died too fast so the creeps ignored them and went back to ancient gang banging .
i did n't realize how fast he was until i traded for him in nhl 15 be a gm and he was fast enough to go wide on the defense every time and take the power move to the net and score .
it 's jus called the little k '' by people at the park .
there 's also a playground a carousel and a mini golf course right by it .
it 's not designed to be a hard edged competitive system .
that 's a shame you should embrace other races bro .
games you the royal you dont enjoy arnt a threat to the industry
there are plenty of games that i dont enjoy out there you dont see me crying about them
i would definitely explore more decks and upcoming decks on dn or ygopro .
i personally like the idea of having 2 or 3 decks to rotate with and if you 're feeling melodious and qliphorts are n't cutting it you can try to trade them away from something new and refreshing .
if you wanted to invest in a meta deck right now kozmo would be your best bet .
but from it looks like you are n't the type of player to shell out 200 for a playset of one card .
depending on the type of person you are you can always trade and buy more aesthetic things rather than new cards .
new mats sleeves deck boxes and other various things .
maxing out a decks rarity if you 're into that .
you could always netdeck a couple of the upcoming decks and see how they work for you .
i am rebuilding packages when i need debug symbols usually for having useful backtraces .
for example in mesa for tracing gl errors in my applications .
his wife might have been fine with side chicks is what i 'm saying .
trophy hunting in national parks is a very lucrative business for zimbabwe .
the cost of these trips for foreigners is astronomical .
the 120,000 cost of an elephant hunt the park measures the population of each of the larger species and then allots a certain percentage to be hunted depending on whether the species needs to grow or shrink in size .
these are sold and bring in massive profits without harming the population as say 15 elephants in 40,000 actual amount in hwange do n't make much of a difference to the population .
the issue with the ban on hunting trophies means that zimbabwe no longer sees any of the profits of these hunts .
the amount of tourists it takes to make up the profit of one trophy hunt causes more damage to the park than the hunt itself .
this is because the traffic of 200 times more people to account for the profit loss puts huge strain on the park .
the park needs to manage the population of the animals regardless so hunts make money without causing problems .
poachers give the park nothing they only take away .
think about it the elephant population needs to be managed carefully as too many causes massive destruction for every animal including the elephants .
the best way to do this and make money is to allow foreigners to hunt .
otherwise it is local hunts which are less than 1 the cost of a trophy hunt .
tl dr hunting brings in lots of money without harming the park poaching does n't
they kill faster than almost any primary and can take out shotgun rushers if you control your spacing .
it 's basically like having tlw in your back pocket in terms of kill speed at short ranges .
get the jump on anyone using a primary at short range or bait a shotgun rusher and you win that firefight .
they 're solid guns i do n't think they 're trials contenders due to the way 1hkos are prioritized there but for normal 6s ib or otherwise they 're fine .
the fact that you always spawn with ammo and they make superb quick swap weapons if your primary runs dry are both nice perks too .
biggest downside is they take too much trigger mashing if i 'm feeling lazy .
changed the name to pronounce more like the way it sounds .
the only thing that scares me is the chance that i 'll run into the indigenous vehicle-seeking deer that lock on and randomly launch from the sides of the road at night .
i thought it was one of the old tag heuer professionals .
hey i 'm currently taking this med at 7.5mg i 'm underweight and have been on it for about 2 weeks .
after the first night taking it i also felt that drunken state which lasted me for a good day .
after 3-4 days i was n't feeling so drunk i was still drowsy but was able to handle it .
once you get to the 2nd week mark you 'll notice the effects of the meds .
do n't give up on it but do n't also just rely on this meds to cure all the problems .
doing things such as exercising eating well therapy socializing etc will also help to get you better .
my anxieties and depression are n't out of control and i felt stable after 1.5 weeks where i was able to come back to work .
make sure you take this medication at the same time every night .
also be aware of binge eating as remeron increases your appetite and can cause weight gain if you 're not at a desirable weight .
currently that 's not an issue for me as i am underweight but it has helped my appetite .
as far as starting at lv5 that wasnt my idea .
i really dislike starting at higher levels but everyone i 've every played with insists on it .
they dislike being a measly level 1 without skills or a variety of spells .
if you wanted to start at lv1 make them start at level 1 .
really just sounds like a shit group of players i hate to say it .
why do they want to play at lv5 if they ca n't even grasp the concepts of basic combat ?
as for the alignment issue i 'm an extremely rookie dm just starting my first campaign but i made sure to tell players not to have opposing alignments before we started .
evil characters are fun but they 're not fun for the dm and the rest of the party when the rest of them are good or neutral .
i also would have stopped gameplay when they started fucking with each other in combat and reminded them that they are supposed to be working together as a team to beat the lethal threat in front of them .
finally i 'm not sure if this is the right move or not i also do n't plan on introducing high level creatures even if they 're friendly to my campaign for the first little while .
this way if they do decide to do something stupid like attack the guard they wo n't get wiped out and i can use it as a learning experience .
are you saying we will see the new roster at iem ?
i see no point to continue this since you 've shown your true colors
yeah i 've become hooked on music like this world 's most emotional music 2-hours epic music mix vol.2 '' because of this particular feeling .
not sure if this is a troll or the most boot thing i 've seen in a while
i was going to add in that she did n't have the twisted logic perk but thought it was too off-topic .
if soap smells good but tastes horrible how do we know poop does n't taste like candy ?
damn that has to feel good when you get an open after that long .
geelong had a badly injury riddled year and got a heap of young players back at the seasons end .
but more importantly than that he knows that the club has the culture and systems in place to win a flag 07 09 11 something adelaide does n't appear to possess coaching merry go rounds even before the walsh incident stephen trigg 's reign of idiocy .
he may also have been privvy to the fact s.selwood was coming in and that geelong were planning a big mature age player raid which is looking pretty succesful atm .
but even if what you say is true and it was purely about coming home how do you ignore all the other mature talent geelong have picked up ?
why could n't lower placed clubs do that as easily ?
why do geelong sydney and hawthorn consistently wind up with mcevoy clark and tippet et al ?
how come no bottom 4 clubs get this sort of luck ?
i made it very clear that my premise applied only to specific situations where there was no additional detriment to the employer of changing how things are done and that i was not talking about the other cases where there would be a cost .
given that premise you seem to be saying that we should applaud managers for doing dumb pointless and socially damaging things for no reason .
i 'm not sure why you would make that argument .
i usually get sharp cramps on one side so whatever ovary is releasing an ovum that month and thicker discharge .
is there a difference between otc naproxin and prescription ?
she says quietly shaking as cracks widen in her soul splitting her into more than two distinct 'selves ' .
buffalo bill 's dance and call it the i 'd do me
fun fact with that shutout neuvirth has more shutouts with the flyers than he had wins with the islanders
i felt it hit its stride later into season 2 but i was pretty bummed about the change in format .
and while the stands are a pretty cool idea in how varied their powers are i kinda miss seeing joseph outwit and bullshit his way through whatever crisis was looming even if hamon was mystical anime fighting power 4682 .
i like them for different reasons is the point i 'm getting at i suppose .
though that said it still bugs me that burn down the vampire 's house in the middle of the day '' was plan b .
well you thought wrong because that 's exactly how it is
they 've been following the comics so nicely i 'd be disappointed if they threw hunter out of the story line l
yo anyone out enumclaw wa way that wants to skate ?
do you know that the rewards of praying in congregation is 27 times more ?
and all you have to do is to follow the imam.you can learn slowly no problem.the easiest way i can suggest you is to go to mosque and pray with others.you will feel a different level of spirituality .
i like white horse for budget islay and grant 's family reserve tends to hit some surprisingly nice fruity notes for me i would actually say it has more flavor than oban 14 to be honest .
great king street artist 's blend is also very nice but it 's a blend that carries the price point of a single malt so if budget hooch is your mission something like that or jw green wo n't satisfy the wallet as much as they will the palate .
i ca n't wait to be done with college haha .
all of their thoughts concerning the raiders are pithy and sarcastic .
i 'm all for dissenting opinions on the team and i 'm a realist we probably are n't going to the playoffs but these guys turn their snark up to a thousand whenever the raiders are brought up .
i do n't even need to click on the link to get the gist of their opinion on the team anymore they think the organization and fans are a joke and have zero insight into the actual day to day operations and gameplanning of the team because they do n't care enough to do any remedial level homework .
i 'm not usually this much of a prick concerning media content but these guys irk me to no end even moreso than bill williamson who barely even tries and that 's saying something .
no i know chill can be happy just saying it is n't always
so you can get a std so that she can show you how spontaneous she was before you
i hate that i could n't get corona beer out of my head .
but it was a perfectly fine name for a squad .
i tag serial karma whores and vote according to merit .
i would n't worry about it unless it becomes a regular occurrence .
holding both those buttons forces a hard shutdown and startup so it can recover .
did you notice the home button being unusually hot while it was crashed ?
that happened to my 6s and i 've heard a few other people mention it as well .
click here http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=nosleepseriesbot subject=series-subscription message=1367 to receive a message when this series is updated .
gazia 's good but that does n't mean all other mitigator is obsolete krantz and aurelia pair very well
but as long as the death was due to your mistake rather than just rng delivering the killing blow whenever it rolled on the wrong side of x y .
i never went hardcore in d2 cos my internet connection was horrible.. but yes i fully understand where you come from .
when mistakes are punishing it makes the gameplay much more interesting .
i bet that razer blackwidow chroma has the shit ass razer greens in it .
big money big booty bitches man thats shits going to be the death of me . ''
or r/mildlyinfuriating because the world is not your goddamn ashtray smokers quit throwing your fucking garbage on the ground !
i regret to tell you that your post has been automatically removed because you did not include one of the required title tags .
please try to post again using one of the tags from this list https www.reddit.com/r/skincareaddiction/comments/3f0jmg/meta_list_of_valid_title_tags_and_their .
a correct title would look something like this tag this is the title of my post '' .
for an explanation of this rule please see this post https www.reddit.com/r/skincareaddiction/comments/3f0jla/meta_weve_done_a_link_flair_overhaul_compulsory .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/skincareaddiction if you have any questions or concerns .
so he beat a soloq jungler who played tank for the first time .
before cinderhulk changes rush shat on him pretty hard if you look at split matches .
sudden change in jungle causing enemy jungler to underperform does not show anything not to mention lustboy was the one who created jungle pressure yet you forgot to mention him .
the guy actually played well with the resources he was given .
you think with multiple couches and analysts this was an accident ?
entire summer split he played an op piece of shit jungler and yet did nothing in lanes .
yes he had good kda but at that level jungler having the highest kda is objectively bad .
you can ask to any somewhat good player who is not meteos .
santorin 2.0 good kda usually means that he was not there in the first place .
incarnation had a 0/0/0 zed game where he did not ult once .
shall we praise that game for no death part ?
lol so stats do n't matter the opinions of pros do n't matter .
all that matters is your opinion ... .great ... ...
after one tip vs tsm game rush said that they knew santorin knew nothing about how to gank well so they thought creating enough side lane pressure was a basic win .
perhaps santorin was good once but under tsm his is not good .
it might not necessarily be his fault that he is useless since i dont think he is the most vocal person on the team and he is probably just doing whatever loco/bjerg/regi says but tsm santorin was really bad and showing some data without reasoning does not make your argument more solid .
data is objective reasoning '' however you use the term is n't .
nothing like them like on the side of a mountain http i.imgur.com/owckjym.jpg
only thing that was heat was the bomber and it sold out instantly .
is this guy just a good person now or is there some alternative he thinks is the answer ?
the 6 mana 8/8 is the soul of the card so that will be kept .
came to recommend the aria rune its a pretty decent price for its quality .
would also say the phantom is pretty good especially for 40 .
then is sounds like you 've found your approximate price range .
yeah i 'm just copying it into word every now and then so i do n't lose anything .
i ca n't wait to get potatoes of our own
your submission was removed because it does not include a required game system/console tag .
make sure you include the game system/tag in the title surrounded by brackets not parenthesis such as ps4 vog nm lf3m .
please check our announcement post https www.reddit.com/r/fireteams/comments/2xhz6c/announcement_new_title_requirements for information about tagging your submission properly then resubmit it with the correct tag .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/fireteams if you have any questions or concerns .
i watched both the other day out of boredom .
send me your compliments that i may bask in them and your complaints to iateacrayon .
it is as simple as their show for the most part being based on playing bad games .
this is what the matt and pat dynamic was to begin with doing full lps .
their first big hit was their first bad game which was downpour while there good game they did before that was re2 which was n't as popular .
so they stayed with bad games guessing because there is more to talk about and make fun of .
but people kept requesting they play two certain good games they stated they would never play re4 and silent hill 2 .
they are great playthroughs but also different from each other and their other videos as a whole .
around the time woolie and liam joined the crew it seems they got comfortable with the idea that they had a fan base and they wanted them to play stuff and enjoyed just watching them experience a game good or bad .
this is just my own thoughts onto why they never did 3 it is obvious from this video why they never did 4 but i hope to see a full lp of silent hill 1 and/or 3 .
i always loved the dynamic of matt experiencing them and being 'bad ' at the controls while pat spills his love for silent hill .
it is a great dynamic that works without the 'downcoming ' badness .
you can calculate zoom in your own drawing code just multiply your coordinates and sizes with your scale factor .
you could also use the transformation api and scale your draw calls https developer.mozilla.org/en-us/docs/web/api/canvas_api/tutorial/transformations scaling
you 'll probably need to optimise so you do n't call draw for stuff that is off-screen .
if you want less low-level hassle but super fast scrolling and webgl support you might want to use a library like pixi.js .
everyone else got the shaft so those us big-box stores could have plenty of product to sit on .
going with him would be an adventure something to put in the memory book but both ideas are romantic .
help me find the romance subredditt i ca n't find it lol
something 's always annoyed me about this the inanity of statements should n't perfectly reflect intelligence levels at a certain point you ca n't possibly get more inane you just devolve into meaningless syllables .
by 'always annoyed ' i mean 'only since just right now when i was looking at it ' .
i would guess it 's a mod that can go on a few different melee weapons but not most .
of course we are still a child at the care of mora as our a foster parents .
celldweller his music is so good it 's been featured in countless video games movies and shows .
there is something about his songs that i can instantly relate to and it 's not in the lyrics .
it 's his intricate attention to detail in layering sounds .
i can listen to a song thousands of times and years later i will still pick up on a sound bite that i never noticed .
it was unlike anything i grew up listening to .
i am also glad i took the time to look this guy up he has a natural feeling presence online unlike many artists .
and to me his videos on youtube are the best thing ever .
she came fully out in favor of the nsa .
of course she may not have much choice under current circumstances .
obviously if she is all for the spy state apparatus she ca n't support snowden and has to buy the entire line that comes with it .
to the left against the wall where xur sometimes comes in .
but with this car it seems there is no bad angle for a photo !
an americano is not a word starbucks invented and is indeed what you call an espresso with hot water .
the point is that why pass new laws when they hardly bother to enforce the existing ones ?
they 're raised trained to know how to get home .
if you 're going out you might need to send a message to a place you take a trained pigeon from that place .
when you attach the message to it release it it goes home .
what about the perk we 're discussing reduced damaged from elemental burn ?
in this case one fellow claimed reduces incoming solar burn damage '' is protecting him from hammer of sol .
guac is one of the c7 items which are the 7 items that make up 70 of our costs on food .
if the money made from any of those items does n't match up with the amount used that cashier will get fucked up .
i also got to 301 light level prior to doing king 's fall raid .
is the first note of the music that moves you an e flat ?
i 'm a poor student to the point where the dream pack is a significant investment .
evil ryu with full super bar your health lead is irrelevant . ''
this does n't have to be bad code ... except for not using the index variable .
wow completely torn between the vf-25a from macross frontier http img.amiami.jp/images/product/main/133/figure-000804.jpg
and the yf-19 from macross plus http vignette2.wikia.nocookie.net/macross/images/9/9c/yf19_fighter-gerwalk-battroid.jpg/revision/latest ? cb=20110911152233
the majority of us can use a toilet like normal .
i have a good job and roof over my head .
i had a meal and got to spend time with a friend .
who wants to be the generous person to pm me just one code to give to my friend tomorrow when i see him ?
ladies if your man doesnt have some bitcoin then he cant handle anything and has no danger sex appeal .
this post 1 https archive.is/0qkqi 2 https web.archive.org/20151015073553/http tmsearch.uspto.gov/bin/showfield ? f=doc state=4801:4dnrkw.3.1 error http megalodon.jp error auto-archiving click to submit it ! ''
if we do make it to the nlcs 3 runs wont be enough against the cubs .
that dog 's not stopping any life saving so stop being a prickly pear
so sad that the sub changed so shomin '' is now correctly translated as commoner instead of pleb which is way funnier .
i 've had a kayfun in the past and it gurgled and leaked .
if i got a build that did n't gurgle or leak then u got horrible dry hits .
that double tap thing makes sense but the web/native parity aspect is embarrassingly stupid .
enforcing wishful thinking by degrading user experience and in some cases preventing your users from accessing your site at all !
it took me 2mins actually had to download the image and zoom it in the image viewer ...
lean back completely ass to grass hold onto something aswell then calf press on the floor .
it was in a mutant in a minute on time with dana baker
i lived in the middle of them for about half my life .
not unless they made an obscene amount of profit that could compete with what a pachinko machine could bring in .
i suppose i should stop calling people dickheads then because they do n't literally have dicks on their heads .
like it says in the sidebar and the submission box if you post your own game you should add your own thoughts too .
aside from being one of the rules of this subreddit knowing why you made a particular move or what you thought about a position helps other people with their comments on your game .
see the faq for r/chess ' pgn addon http www.reddit.com/r/chess/comments/1s8j14/inline_pgn_viewer_faq on the sidebar for help on how to do this .
install the r/chess pgn addon for your browser and take a look at an example .
feel free to repost your game when you 've added some of your own commentary .
i 'm really curious about modding support as well i 'd love it if a co-op mode was created among other things !
my apologies i do not know about infinite nesting for sure .
i set my brother up to use it i myself use an evernote doc .
i understand it is not as feature rich '' as some would like but there is a large corpus of info out there for hacking '' it to gain useful functionality .
maddon seems like the type of guy that if you offered him a beer he would turn the tables and buy you a round first .
ivory traders and ivory carvers need to be declared enemies of the state .
the rapid growth of chinese middle class could mean extinction .
i had never played 1 and 2 before 3 and still had a blast .
the game is very friendly to new players of the franchise .
story was amazing and so was the gameplay deff goty contender .
you do realize that not all poisons are lethal right ?
and that a flower is not the only part of a plant ?
poison '' does n't mean it touched my tongue omg i am kill '' .
rhododendrons are poisonous because they produce a poison and the comment you replied to was kind enough to even give you the actual name of the toxin .
just like potatoes are poisonous producing the same toxins as the deadly nightshade after all they 're in the same family .
what the hell is wrong with your news companies that are so biased .
you would n't see anything like this in the uk
killing a leader does n't suddenly make his people more peaceful .
as bad as he is he is the most moderate leader in palestinian history and he does co-operate with the israeli security forces for the most part .
the average palestinian is much more extreme than abbas .
do we know for certain that the 80mm figure is strictly dev cost ?
i 've always taken it as a budget which could very well include marketing since koji clearly takes creative control over that aspect as well .
i thought coone might actually continue his nye event from last year .
i guess i 'm stuck with booking flights to freaqshow without knowing the lineup
this comment has been overwritten by an open source script to protect this user against reddit 's feminists regressives and other mentally disturbed individuals .
if you would like to do the same add the browser extension greasemonkey https addons.mozilla.org/en-us/firefox/addon/greasemonkey to firefox and add this open source script https greasyfork.org/en/scripts/10380-reddit-overwrite .
then simply click on your username on reddit go to the comments tab and hit the new overwrite button at the top .
i have a hard time believing this after you helped give it its current image .
about as much as it is a reference to a grey champion sweatshirt making noise in the dryer in the early morning .
there is very little information available about this river .
i would like to know more because the surface seems perfectly calm .
i think being eaten alive by a bear qualifies as pretty darn bloody .
yeah i do n't vote on the contents of their pants either their shirts however ...
regardless of whether they do or not which i do n't know enough to comment on it does n't absolve society of what it should or should n't be doing to help the most at risk maori .
pretty sure waitangi tribunal compensation is n't for the purpose of social nets it 's because the crown fucked up pretty bad .
so thanks to all of you i survived day one .
got as far as clearing out a gas station with a bow .
then i got hungry and realized i had no way to cook the eggs and deer meat i got .
also realized i need a forge but how do i get the rocks for that ?
i do n't really understand all the demon imagery .
i know it 's been talked about that venom did n't really do anything bad and that he did n't have a dark arch where he ended up as a demon so why all the imagery it feels out of place .
the horn ... the tail strap thingy him saying he 's already a demon etc ... not to mention all the marketing ... does n't fit with the character he is .
this is my dad 's car and the car i learned to drive in .
last night he got rear-ended on a highway interchange with a yield by a ford fusion traveling according to my dad about 60 mph faster than him .
my dad tried to swerve away a little but there was a car in front and not much space so the fusion basically wedged itself between the trunk and the exhaust .
the other driver 's insurance declared it a total loss earlier today and are towing it tomorrow .
thankfully no one was injured minus general bruises or anything but the car will be missed .
the fact that no one was injured really speaks to the safety of cars nowadays .
i definitely want to thank the engineers for building such good safety measures .
however i do wonder why neither cars ' airbags went off .
my dad absolutely loved his car and loved every mile he put on it .
he 's driven all kinds of cars from bmws to camrys but loved this his infiniti g37 most .
he 's extremely sad to have a car he loved taken away from him and he is upset that he 's going to have to put down money to buy a new car probably another g37 especially since he was planning on buying my mom a new car .
i guess if anyone has car recommendations for a previous infiniti g37 owner car before was a lexus es 300 please leave them here .
my girlfriend car b new driver uninsured and i were rear ended the other day on the highway by a possibly underinsured driver lets call her car a .
and we were hit at such force it hit us into the car in front of us car c
the police report indicates she was at fault as both cars gave statements saying essentially that she car a was 100 at fault .
however that still leaves us with the question of how we proceed in this case .
2. get 2 estimates from body shops about damage visual estimate says approx 7,000
3. gather our personal injury associated costs visit to er xrays pain killer medication
4. not forget to account for a loss of value '' claim now that the car has been in a wreck .
5. do we have to report this to the dmv ?
my questions for legal advice is if the driver of car a is at fault but is under-insured ca minimum insurance is 5,000 in damages and she is responsible for 2 cars and damages are already around that amount for car c what the driver of car c told us via text then how does that work are the drivers of car b us and car c in competition for who can get that amount first or are we each entitled to that much separately ?
from what the insurance company of the driver at fault access insurance has told us they only sell 5,000 and 10,000 policies so does that mean if our claim of damages is more than 5000 dollars it will be car is in bad shape that between car b and c 's damages claims against her her insurance will run out and we will have to end up suing the girl personally for the remaining cost .
who is entitled to a larger portion of the insurance claim our damage is a lot worse in addition to it being a newer car and loss of value isnt even factored in at this point .
is an insurance adjuster just trying to pull a fast one to lower our expectation of what we can expect ?
or should we be preparing to both sue the driver of car a as well as race to get car b fixed and paid for before car a 's insurance policy runs out/dries up .
when she had just got married she thought that she was too young that it would never last and that it had all been a mistake and yet here she was 23 years later with the same man a house and a car and a child now a 42 year old .
for the longest time she could n't be happier until some nagging thoughts that had plagued her for years finally pushed themselves to the surface she was losing her looks .
her husband does n't find her sexy any more .
sure she was getting older not much she could do about that and her husband has told her countless times that he loves her curves and she knows that her husband works all day to provide for her and her family so it was okay that he was too tired for sex but finally after all she did for him all she stood up for.. she was divorced by him .
he had a mistress and for poor melissa who stayed loyal for the past years of her life she was now alone with her 8 year old son and with only money she can barley survive on .
soon enough melissa moved from a rather nice neighborhood to the slums in the bad part of the town living in a small apartment room rather bad and dingy part of the area .
the only thing her husband had to pay for was this apartment and her costs for food and son .
sadly there are some things that could n't be rationalized or tucked away and it dawned on her that she was lonely she was alone and she had nothing to do all day besides watch daytime soaps and trashy reality tv while picking at junk food .
determined to beat her own self she would soon try to find a job in this area she had an old car she drove her son to school which was bad as well now she needed a job .
something about where she lived was off.. very very off .
basically a 'used to be ' rich woman who is now living in the slums with her son .
i love the idea of corrupting the woman slow corruption slow build up and teases..
starters we could use raped by some homeless guy taken into his shack abusive new boyfriend finding a loving new man thugs ganging up on the poor woman mind play..
i usually do anime pictures but i will do real models just tell me what you want .
also literacy is a must i do paragraphs hopefully you do too..
dubcon this is likely how all plays will eventually end up .
it might take a few sessions but soon her guilt shame and reluctance will melt as you force her to eat more and more sinful spoonfuls of debauchery until sooner or later she starts to get aroused at your sight and eagerly accepts anything you do to her .
savage noisy sex slam her holes savagely balls deep until she ca n't contain her moans and your name is the only understandable thing she can muster make her son wonder what his mommy 's doing with that man she met
musk nothing too heavy or anything hypnotizing just the heady salty natural smell of a cock the kind that permeates her nostrils and give her biological need to have sex a little push in the right direction .
reluctance she 's not going to take one look at your cock and go wow that 's huge better ride it ! ''
she 's going to hate what you 're making her do and hate the fact that she 's slightly enjoying it even more .
it might take a while maybe even a few plays before she 'll eagerly start servicing you without hesitation .
maybe even her own son 's bully who 's old enough .
16 please maybe they bully him as he walks home .
public drag her away at a party to bang her in one of the back rooms or have her give you road head while you 're in the middle of a traffic jam .
if there 's a risk of being caught then it 's a major turn on .
i 'm doing an ap world project were we have to choose one item that would have been traded on the silk road .
since in this unit islam is the most important development i choose a quran .
so i was wondering what were some of the major hubs of the silk road around the time of the umayyad dynasty .
i was thinking about cities like samarkand esfahan agra fustat of maybe beijing .
i did n't think a quran would make it very far in byzantium or western europe but i 'm open to any thing .
i do n't know if anyone noticed but the overall shape looks exactly like a key ?
i have the avermedia live gamer hd and this http www.amazon.com/gp/product/b009a6pjkq ? psc=1 redirect=true ref_=oh_aui_detailpage_o07_s01
all i get in obs is normal audio with really messed up video or just audio with back screen .
it goes through the capture card just fine as in i can see the output on my monitor .
can someone help me with settings i can try to get it working normally ?
cheers mates help me find a plan with the following requirements .
currently on the 30 t-mo/walmart 100min/5gb plan and needing more minutes but can sacrifice some data .
voip hangouts dialer is n't a viable solution right now .
i 'm selling a brand new ebbets field mn united hat .
hat was given to me as a gift but ended up being too small .
i 've only tried it on a few times .
if you want to join a sim no switch lg that is advancing to wk 10 tonight hit me up with group me info .
all cpu players xp is stacking as progression is set to end of season .
1 rule is no free lancing from mlb spot .
play assignment football does n't mean you ca n't read and react as ball is snap and adjust off assignment just stick with your read .
no running around all over field looking to undercut throw .
and i farmed four stores and jewelry store for card drops for 6 hours .
just wondering if anyone else got the commemorative finale ball ca n't seem to find any others online .
i 've still got mine fully sealed in the box..
i was watching some streams and i saw that they could see like 32nd ranked ect .
i 'm in bronze so does that only show when i get silver ?
it would just be nice to see my rank without going on that website .
only been playing for roughly two months and sort of reached a wall .
it 's easy for me to farm the technical dungeons for pengdra and for now i 'm trying to level up my monsters to be able to farm wednesday and friday expert dungeons pretty easily .
i 'm not sure what to work towards for the long-term .
so i 'm posting here for late-game teambuilding help .
i 've read the mid-game daily guides and teambuilding guides for late-game but since a lot of them recommend all god-tier or at least 5-stars i 'm finding it hard to understand the newbie equivalents for those teams .
my four gods so far are apollo krishna leilan and amaterasu .
it looks like krishna and amaterasu are most useful lategame but leilan seems to be the most help to me right now for farming dungeons .
can any of you recommend solid teams i can build with what i have now without relying on luck from the rems ?
help me with guidance/direction on 1 the strongest team i can build with what i have 2 which leader to level up first .
we need a titan 295 please were so close to beating this just need that titan bubble
episode synopsis an ancient artifact has the ability to transform a human into a terrifying figure from the past scaring the residents of sleepy hollow .
my wife and i just inherited a 1953 packard caribbean convertible .
i have n't seen it yet so this is all i know except for that it 's been meticulously restored with original parts in pro shops .
he would show it every now and then too .
we may not sell it just want to know what we 're getting .
honestly we do n't even know where we 'll put it .
he loved these cars but did buy them for his kids as appreciating investments .
one daughter got a 1955 convertible vet another daughter got a 53 buick and we got the 55 packard .
you guys have helped my wife and i budget .
i 've been lurking for months and just reading posts has helped our situation tremendously .
my wife and i previously lived in iowa and made decent money 50-60k each when we first got married .
after a while she got pregnant and we decided after we had our son that we 'd like to move to texas in search of higher pay and a better quality of life more entertainment options newer house etc .
i 'm in sales and the company i took a position with in dallas went bankrupt 3 months after we moved here .
she was staying home with the baby at the time so her portion of the income dropped to zero .
it was tight on my income alone but still doable just less meals out cutting out cable the normal stuff you do when income shrinks .
when my company went bankrupt i was obviously forced to find another position with a different company .
i ended up taking a terrible base paying job 8 hour that promised high commissions but never really delivered .
my highest commission check in the year i stayed with them was 1000 .
in that time my wife had gone back to work at a daycare in order to get free care for our son .
the daycare that he 's at charges 1200 a month .
that coupled with 10 an hour seemed like it was a good idea .
in hindsight it was n't nearly enough and we began to see our sizable savings account start being whittled away by car repairs house repairs and medical bills .
next thing you know 15,000.00 in savings was completely gone .
surviving on a combined 20 an hour was impossible with the bills we had .
car payments went 2 months past due on each vehicle never reposessed though internet got shut off student loans went past due stopped being able to afford health insurance and we maxed out all 3 of my credit cards .
my previously great fico score took a gigantic hit .
in early 2014 i was finally able to get a much better paying job and since then have gotten current on both car payments got insurance again through work got squared up with my federal student loans and life is seemingly back to normal in some sense .
there are a few glaring issues though which i 'll list below .
i want to take care of these bills but would also like the negative remarks removed from my credit file if that 's even possible .
i have no idea how to go about this so here 's where you come in .
we 'd like to purchase a house in the next year or so and all of the negative accounts on my file have to be taken care of first .
outstanding dish network bill of 492 i have no idea why this one is so high .
i also have two vehicles that are still financed.one has 4800 left to pay and the other is 3760 .
i had a capital one credit card that had a 300 balance on it it 's showing as closed 0 balance '' on my credit file so i do n't know what that means .
i also have a td bank credit card that says closed 2650 balance '' .
did the company write these off as a loss or do i still need to take care of them somehow ?
i currently make roughly 5000 a month before tax my wife makes 1600 a month before tax and is in nursing school .
we have 2200 in savings we 've been paying cash for her classes so as not to take on any more debt .
i do n't have any credit cards do n't go shopping for anything that we do n't need etc .
i 'd just like to know which of these accounts to knock out first and what steps to take in order to have the negativity removed from my credit file if that 's even possible .
i 'll list all of our bills below just so everyone can see what we 've got to work with every month .
car insurance 155 full coverage on both through esurance .
utility bill 250 average including electric trash and hot water
cellphone bill 260 this includes both of my in-laws and my parents .
everyone chips in so our portion is roughly 120 with tax .
wife 's classes 190 a month these are at a community college so there 's no way to cut them down any lower .
thanks for your help guys sorry for the wall of text !
edit one thing i 'm interested in knowing is it better for me to pay off the small accounts first one by one and then start tackling the big ones ?
or would it be better for me to take say 1000 a month and split it equally between all of the accounts paying them all off gradually ?
sorry for the horrible formatting by the way this looked much better when i originally typed it out .
i am trying to find a solution to replacing all of my remotes and add keyboard/mouse functionality .
some bonuses would be voice recognition and compact size but i think this keyboard might fit everything else .
curious about their set if it was just a dj show .
it was too late of a start for me to see on a work night sadly .
i had an egd last week and remembered a medical taste come into my mouth .
some iv users have reported experienced this taste '' .
what causes it and why does it have the flavor it does ?
i ask all commanders to make the blockade as peaceful as possible .
i 'd rather not have asked for the blockade .
i 'd rather we bought slaves of any kind shipped them to cubeo and set them free .
but that was n't an option available to me .
whilst i 'd have rather done something productive and not quite so inflammatory as a blockade i 'd rather we had a blockade than did nothing .
if arissa frees the slaves we 'll call it off .
lord corwin ryan of the prismatic imperium will be handing himself in to the emperor on monday morning for judgement for calling for this action .
it seems like my workplace is the only thing i dare to hold onto in my miserable life .
things fall apart relationships ... people forget about you people will disappoint you people wo n't have time when you need to meet someone people would n't think of a comforting hug or a hand to hold on to .
so what do i have left that remains static ?
i do n't want my shift to end i feel good at work because that 's the only time where i know how to do things right and therefore where i actually will do things right .
i get positive feedback if i do well and people will at least act as if they care .
my boss likes me because i will always always walk that extra mile and i will always always be there if things go south .
even if it 's just my performance what he likes about me and not me as a person it still feels good to hear someone saying good job '' .
i get home and i feel empty lonely and i do n't know what to do .
my former friends all moved to other cities my girlfriend of 4 years broke up with me and i 'm sick of short-term relationships but at the same time tired of looking for another relationship with a long-term perspective .
so at the moment i even prefer to be by myself simply because i do n't even have the energy anymore to look for new things .
after watching woolie and liam play the beginner 's guide the concept of an unplayable '' game is baffling and confusing to me .
could someone please explain in more details as to what an unplayable game is ?
looking for people to play some games with ideally between the ages of 18 and 30. both genders welcome .
im easy going and have a disgusting sense of humour d which is always the best kind .
as you can tell im terrible at this sort of shit so bye for now and might talk to some of ya soon .
i have gotten on board and fallen in love with ass play on men .
i am curious how many have tried it and how many are curious ?
if you have n't tried it ... would you ?
first i know the wiiu gamepad is a weird request mine died recently out of nowhere and i have n't had any luck repairing it myself .
if you have any recommendations or if you somehow have an extra gamepad i would love to trade for it !
i 'm still looking for super mario maker but i need a gamepad ...
the wants in the title are the main games i am looking for now i would take psn/paypal credit for games/differences in prices as well .
smt devil survivor 2 cib i have ds2 overclocked for 3ds now so this needs to go !
solatorobo cib not the big box version with music cd would prefer to obtain the big box music cd
radiant historia nib w big outer box and music cd outer box is opened carefully to check inside contents game and music cd are sealed
pokémon blue cib has a large rip in the back of the case
zelda majora 's mask soundtrack that was platinum club nintendo reward sealed
3ds/ds game case with zelda inserts also club nintendo reward
wants bolded items mean i 'm really interested in them
just posted a new r/gamesale thread i 'm open to accepting paypal for a lot of my items
mega man legends 1 psx black label pref for mml1
ohio is one of the usa 's major tipping points for all things political .
what do you think or feel the next steps are ?
to play games mainly the sims 4 but other games such as skyrim and minecraft .
if gaming what kind of performance are you looking for ?
just anything to be able to at least play on moderate graphic settings for games above and similar games .
post a draft of your potential build here specific parts please .
http www.reddit.com/r/buildapc/wiki/pcpp do n't ask to be spoonfed a build read the rules !
be as specific as possible and include specific games or programs you will be using .
note beyond a week or two from today means any build you receive will be out of date when you want to buy .
what exactly do you need included in the budget ?
which country and state/province will you be purchasing the parts in ?
if you 're in us do you have access to a microcenter location ?
if reusing any parts including monitor s keyboard/mouse/etc what parts will you be reusing ?
if yes are you interested in overclocking right away or down the line ?
are there any specific features or items you want/need in the build ?
ex ssd large amount of storage or a raid setup cuda or opencl support etc
do you have any specific case preferences size like itx/microatx/mid-tower/full-tower styles colors window or not led lighting etc or a particular color theme preference for the components ?
nzxt h440 designed by razer™ atx mid tower case bit of a razer fanboy love this case
do you need a copy of windows included in the budget ?
if you do need one included do you have a preference ?
i was asked to present more of an argument of my position .
in stranger in a strange land by robert a heinlein a martian named michael comes to earth and teaches humans how to grok water share and love .
another example is the theme of pain in a voyage to arcturus by david lindsay
i do n't know how to present more of an argument .
i stated my simple point and i cited book recommendations .
i 'm debating something inherently unknowable and mystical by the uninitiated .
however theoretical discussions of mana vital force etc exist in a lot of religious and anthropological literature .
my point is simply that purification requires the hostile parasitic act of a master priest shaman etc.. removing energy and impurities from your body .
this purification by demonic forces is often conflated with evil .
the night-mare and sleep paralysis phenomenon is a scientific example of purification done by demonic forces which can result in ecstatic states .
interview with david gordon white author of sinister yogis http newbooksinreligion.com/2011/11/01/david-gordon-white-sinister-yogis-university-of-chicago-press-2009
this approach challenges many of the preconceived western notions of yoga .
there is little meditation breathing exercise impossible contortionism etc .
further it offers an alterative reading of histories of the philosophical development of yogic teachings which are based primarily on the yoga sutras of patanjali .
what we are presented with is possession shape-shifting and creation of multiple selves among other things .
overall yogis were defined as such when they entered into or took over the bodies of others .
i 've been trying really hard the past month to stay clean .
i 've thrown myself into the na program gotten a sponsor and been going to meetings at least twice a day .
i 'm a chronic relapser so i 'm doing everything i can to make sure i stay clean .
my boyfriend and i have been together for 3 years .
we have been to jail together used together and been clean for 9 months together .
he wants to get clean as well but refuses to go to meetings .
acts like he is going to get ebola if he goes .
so he just tries to go on will power .
in april his brother committed suicide because of this disease and he has never really dealt with it .
his bro lived with us for up until it happened .
his brothers birthday is the 29th of this month .
so last saturday we spent all day with his brothers kids and it was the first time we had seen them since the funeral .
that night we go to a meeting and he sits in the car of course and on our way home he stops and gets some dope .
i 'm just in disarray and shocked hurt upset !
i did n't know what to do or say but he knew he fucked up .
he said i 'm just fucked up from seeing the girls today !
i promise never again and of course my dumbass took his promise but a part of me knew that he would break it because i just knew .
we are in bed and i hear a knock on the door .
i 'm still pissed at myself for opening it his friend was there a known drug dealer and the first words out of his mouth to my boyfriend were i just got ta show you this awesome stuff i got '' .
so i have to go lock myself in my room because i do n't want to be around that .
so my boyfriend comes back to my bedroom and he is scratching groggily voice and i said i ca n't believe you ! !
he tried lying to me over and over again about it .
then later on that nighthe ended up telling me that after i accused him of getting high is when he got high .
the whole you think i 'm doing something when i 'm doing nothing so i 'm gon na do something mentality .
i said do not blame me for you getting high that was your stupid decision !
i then caught him this morning stealing money out of my purse to pay for the high he got last night !
when i told him to leave he kept saying what about your family they 've given you a million chances but you wo n't give me more than two .
he said i need people on my side wanting me to succeed and he has never given up on me the entire time we 've been together .
i 've been wearing nudies forever and have been rocking cuts like the regular ralf average joe etc .
i 've been interested in the wide variety of crazy denims n f has been putting out so i ordered a few pairs of slim guys in left hand twill off amazon to figure out what size i wear .
i was hoping this was going to be super conclusive and easy but i 've really god no idea what to expect as far as stretching with n f and this particular flavor of their denim .
i ordered both a 30 and a 31 and the 31 right now fits like my 31x34 average joe 's .
nice and comfortable with a waste that 's just a little on the loose side .
the 30 on the other hand i have to supremely suck it in to get the top button buttoned and peel them off me when i take them off .
i have no idea what to expect when it comes to stretching as i could see the 30 's eventually winding up being really comfortable if they stretch as much as my nudies have .
what 's kind of weirding me out about all this is looking at the original measurements tables the 31 slim guy and 31 average joe are very similar in size which makes me hesitant about sizing down ...
but i do n't want to dump 140 on jeans and have them be too big in a couple weeks of wear .
also why the hell does the slim guy have such shallow pockets ? ?
please use these recruitment codes thank you 1 69mxccw2 free 2 ycrmqep7 free 3 rdwc7uwg free 4 xekfbb6j
please refer to the page below for more details on bonus items .
recruitment codes are valid for 120 days after they are generated .
the recruitment code can be used for the windows® playstation®3 playstation®4 and mac versions of the game .
please refer to the page below for more details .
how do you other enfj 's deal with elongated sadness or depression ?
it does annoy me that most of the issues i deal with are those that i have helped many others with .
i become frustrated with myself and the fact i ca n't just logically solve the issues at hand involving irrational emotional episodes .
would love to hear what you guys think or suggest !
looking for a heavyball tyrunt and lureball venipede i have the following to trade
really interested in the 4 color jeskai decks floating around .
here 's my take since i am on a 125 budget .
i had two thunderbreak regents in place of dragon whispered but i thought my mana curve needed a little smoothing out
i have the tobeco velocity clone and a temp control mod on the way .
could n't get a ticket for the ess/cscu/bugs evening excursion ?
we use ecs lab computers with all the games we will be playing already installed for you !
i find that there are plenty of sites out there on the best cashback cards how to best use credit cards etc but i find very little on good ideas to spend your cashback .
i would like to know what are some good ways to spend that cashback .
after every restart i get the message that my membership has expired then i have to try to log in multiple times for 2-3 times it seems to work but ultimately returns me to the login screen saying my membership expired .
then usually on the 3rd or 4th attempt it works .
ok ikea used to make these little round jars with flat sides and they were absolutely everywhere .
i wanted to pick up a couple more from ebay or craigslist if i can find them but i ca n't for the life of me figure out what they 're called .
pinterest is practically a shrine to the things but damned if anyone ever mentions the name .
just wondering before i ask my manager if we can get our regular printer switched for a printer/fax/copy machine .
it 's quite a bother to go to literally the opposite side of the building from receiving every time we need something copied or to send/receive a fax .
edit i do n't mean a big standalone one like in the office area just a desktop one .
a legendary so bad that even if you built a deck around it it would still be useless/unviable .
so poor that no expansion in the next decade will make this legendary viable .
so awful that when you dust it for 400 dust you thank blizzard for being so generous .
and of course why have you chosen this card ?
here 's a cartoon i made https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=1mlusikhv5sv about ladder-smith gilligan .
i thought he was a real weirdo and always wondered how he made those ladders so quickly .
loved the game though lot 's of good times when i 'm not buying ladders .
which choice is better when taking dx12 price and crossfire issues into account ?
oh and i guess psus too but not really a problem to me .
anybody know a good counter for explosives so your vehicles doesnt get so easily blown up by other people .
the other day i got a phone call from a telemarketer .
i really did n't want it though so i told him i did n't want to buy any .
he probably suspected i was going to hang up so he quickly said but wait there 's myrrh ! ''
do n't need the digital copy so if you want it just post an entourage quote or something and i 'll pick someone randomly after work tonight .
hi r/sysadmin i 'm u/vocatus the author and primary maintainer of the tron r/tronscript and pdq deploy packs https www.reddit.com/r/sysadmin/comments/3ozyh5/pdq_deploy_packs_v350_20151016_full_refresh projects .
we are doing a small upgrade of our seed server as well as a charity drive for streetlightusa an organization that works to rescue children from abuse and exploitation due to sex trafficking in phoenix az where i live .
i 'm posting this from over at r/tronscript since tron and the pdq deploy packs have been well-received in the r/sysadmin community for a while .
mods if this is against r/rsysadmin policy let me know i looked around but did n't see any rules against posts like this .
tl dr the tron and pdq deploy seed server is badly in need of an upgrade .
the hardware is a get ready for it very old acer laptop running windows xp acting as a head unit attached to an unraid http lime-technology.com/network-attached-storage nas on the backend .
originally a functional solution with tron 's growth in popularity it 's perpetually overloaded to the point where it frequently crashes and is always at 100 cpu .
it also ca n't be upgraded to a 64-bit os due to the 32-bit celeron processor and the motherboard being maxed at 2gb of ram .
the plan is to replace it with the 255 intel grass canyon minibox https www.reddit.com/r/sysadmin/comments/3p052s/intel_grass_canyon_nuc_is_a_windows_10_minipc_for which has plenty of power for our purposes as well as a low electrical footprint .
i will post pictures of the server if we get enough to cover the cost .
a. i have a full-time job which allows me to work on tron and the pdq deploy pack projects for free and
b. i will use the server to host other projects i mess with including personal projects .
its primary purpose will always be hosting tron and pdq deploy projects but i want to make it clear up front so no one is shocked if one day there is another project hosted on the same hardware
something i feel very strongly about is the exploitation of children via sex trafficking .
streetlightusa http streetlightusa.org/the-issue is an organization operating in phoenix az where i live that works to free children from trafficking and sexual abuse .
15 of all donations as well as 100 of any funds that exceed the 255 needed for the server will be donated to streetlightusa with a receipt posted here as proof .
this seems to me like a good way to use any extra funds .
you can donate to the bitcoin address here which is only to purchase the server and for the charity
the reason i use bitcoin instead of things like paypal or gofundme is because it allows everyone to publicly see how much was given and there can be no question about the location or amount of funds .
you can track the donation address you can track the donation address here https btc.blockr.io/address/info/1ep1r545tqqteuh5ux6wuc3jvadhhyddxc i 've donated 0.01 btc to it to demonstrate how it works .
lastly this is purely voluntary and tron and our pdq deploy packs will always be free open-source and have no advertisements so please do n't feel obligated to donate or that we 'll starve to death if you do n't .
the donation will stay open until 2015-11-07 at which point i 'll use whatever 's available to purchase the server and donate to streetlight then post receipts and photos as proof .
thanks again to all the tron and pdq volunteers and keep up the good work !
i 've been searching for so many specific subreddits but to no avail ...
it opens to a black screen then closes after a second .
mino monsters 2 does this too it opens the game for a few seconds and works then closes .
oh how i long to enjoy king of thieves on this big screen .
dell u2414h http i.imgur.com/aiuv4g9.jpg bought secondhand from u/sharkbaitjack revision a00 .
lost the little backplate that holds the neck since i had it vesa mounted but will include the neck and stand .
also 170 shipped 150 local. sold to u/hello99399 for 130 turns out there was a single stuck red pixel .
once i got level 35-38 gear i could n't get anything better because my only option is hard mode until level 50 so it 's been a horribly boring grind of the same levels on the same difficulty over and over again .
have the developers said anything about possibly adding insane difficulty to pre level 50 or maybe making the levels give more exp ?
edit a lot of people are commenting thinking that i 'm complaining about the grind aspect of it but my problem is the fact that from level 38-50 there is no new challenge and you never get any significantly better gear .
just a quick update on our progress as a post-apocalyptic society and some other items .
1 i have n't made a steam group yet .
our town is pretty full at this point so if you want to join ... get creative with your requests .
2 the mayor has a twitch stream i forgot to mention that before .
i credit the bible i am carrying in my tortilla backpack .
fun fact if you put a book in your inventory then assign it to the hotbar you can actually read it .
thanks to our resident dayz expert hero '' for that gem .
we went out on a quick scouting mission to try and locate the camps of the bloodz '' aka the red-arm bandits '' .
in fact it went horribly wrong i timed out of dayz while being a passenger in a truck and my character died .
yes my m4a1 and my sword were consumed by the mystical beast that we call dayz .
i will openly admit i rage quit and went to bed .
anyways after i got off work this morning i made my way up to the myshkino tents the loot capital of the gods themselves and geared back up .
a couple town residents met me there with a truck which we filled with weapons and ammunition .
not enough for a catastrophic attack but a very good start .
the residents and i also played around a bit at night in the town trying to give it a little life via lighting .
viking '' and glock '' guarding the southeastern exit/entrance of the town at night
a few minutes before i died in that truck ... we stopped at a pond so our guy in the ghillie suit could cool off .
to my mild annoyance we sat and waited while our compatriot bathed and swam around like a labrador retriever .
however the delay turned up something very interesting someone stored a barrel in the middle of this pond !
sir i just want you to know ... we were not looking for your barrel on purpose .
it was a total coincidence we found it you actually had an outstanding hiding spot .
sorry about the cr-75 mags and pumpkin slices we borrowed '' .
we will pay those back with interest eventually i promise .
to wrap up this update a slightly orthodox '' screenshot of derek and tableflip '' at sunrise .
we ca n't wait for .59 ... ... ... bus driver will be an available position in sin city the day it drops .
i have a notebook with windows 10. when i begin to jailbreak my iphone 5 with my laptop it says pangu 9 is not supported with my operating system .
is there any other version of pangu for windows 10 ?
so i made a post not too long ago looking for a standalone fantasy book .
i just finished reading the first law trilogy and decided on tigana for my next book .
i 'm only 2 chapters in but so far i 'm finding it really interesting and unique .
but i am having some difficulties with kay 's writing .
i think it 's mostly because going from abrecrombie 's writing style to kay 's is pretty drastic .
it seems kay packs a lot of information in just a few paragraphs and i find myself having to reread some parts .
also i 'm having trouble remembering the names of places and people .
not sure what it is because i usually do n't have any trouble remembering names in other books i got through the silmarillian alright and that book is filled with all sorts of crazy elvish names .
it might be the italian influence that i 'm not used to .
i plan on pushing through it no matter what .
i was just wondering if anyone else had any trouble like this at first will it be something that i eventually get used to and adapt to ?
hey i was wondering what a strong team is that can take me a couple of hundred levels .
i use 1x knight 2x healer 2x thief in that order at the moment it 's doing alright but i was wondering what 's the best formation .
this is going to be a little long so i 'll get right to it .
i did n't feel like going to school today .
i woke up at 7:45 a bit tired as i had slept 5 hours .
i tried to get up for a couple of minutes and i decided to go back to sleep .
i jumped between resting and trying to wake up for about 30 minutes when i finally decided that i 'll just go to sleep .
now this is when things begin to get weird .
i feel my body getting numb my mind still conscious .
i write if off as one of those sleep paralysis experiences that i 've had before off topic i am not sure if this is sp .
it 's a bit different than what most people describe .
the first time i had such experience i had just awaken from a bad dream and i realised that i could n't move my body and i heard a constant buzzing inside my head .
i panicked and i tried to make my body move as hard as possible .
it took about 5 or 6 seconds and my body woke up '' .
i do n't remember if i had troubles breathing and i fortunately ca n't recall seeing any presence .
i was just too desperate to get my body moving to notice anything around me .
i 've had this feeling creeping upon me several times since and every time i would shake it off when my body started to feel numb .
it sometimes also happens that if i fall asleep this way i get dreams where i feel that i am high or drunk and i am not able to move my body inside the dream so i wake up .
so my body starts feeling numb my mind aware but i am too tired to give a shit .
it 's daytime so i do n't really feel scared about the presence that my mind could create .
so i try to stop caring about this sp feeling and focus on getting asleep .
shortly the i start to hear the buzzing inside my head .
it feels ticklish but i still focus on getting asleep .
i a matter of seconds still aware that i am ignoring the paralysis feeling and trying to sleep i feel like i just enter '' a dream .
now i obviously dreamt before and numerous times i realised that i am in a dream but i never noticed anything special about it .
so i find myself in a room with two guys i know .
i never had such a clear first person experience in a dream before .
i felt as if i were there with my body .
i instantly think that this must be lucid dreaming .
they say that you can do whatever you want here so i start running towards the wall .
it suddenly disappears and i jump into the air .
i can almost feeling the adrenaline rushing in my body .
i start floating and as i am reaching the ground i see a huge wall of ice or rock i ca n't remember sort of like that ice wall from game of thrones .
it has a huge ancient looking door and in front of it is some sort of pool with water decorated in beautiful golden patterns .
however i remember that my friend told me not to get to excited because i could end up waking up .
well do n't ask me why but i tried to get as excited as possible .
i felt like that was so real that it could n't end .
some moment later image gets dark and i feel like i am half awake '' again body still numb and buzzing inside my head .
i tried to focus again to fall asleep but instead the buzzing only gets louder .
after a couple of seconds i feel like that dark turns into vision without me opening my eyes .
so i get the feeling that i 've been dreaming with my eyes opened all along ? ? ?
i must have been dreaming because i can not remember anything after that .
all i remember is waking up at about 10:30 .
i just wanted to share and hear your opinions about it .
i am not too familiar with lucid dreaming hell i thought that realising you are in a dream is all it means but i researched for a bit and i think i might have tried the wake-induced lucid dream technique without realising it .
i 'm probably going to try some other techniques during holidays because i do n't really want to mess with my sleep if i have to wake up early .
i 'd love to have a mega mewtwo z in the next game .
i imagined a psychic dark variant when i played y already
im looking to get a pretty new xperia z3 soon for a fair discounted price .
i have been using a note 3 for 2 years now .
i want to get a z3 now because i heard the battery life is very top notch and is getting marshmallow .
i want to skip this years phone partly because of the snapdragon 810 issues and the price .
i dont want to get samsung device anymore either .
ležao sam u požegi u poluotvorenom ali kako smo bili na održavanju prošao sam i ženski zatvoreni poluotvoreni otvoreni muški zatvoreni maloljetnički .
edit i gospodo zapamtite zauvijek novac nema vrijednost dok se ne potroši !
i 'm never going to get to the point where i have max cash but i have a query about it .
when you have max cash and go to pick up a cash drop or alch something what happens ?
are the jersey options limited on a team that you did n't select as your favourite ?
i just wanted to clean up my hdd and then i saw this folder which consits of the normal appdata-folders and itself whats going wrong ?
i can not imagine with everything she has done and lied about you can still be behind her .
i 'm looking to possibly buy a house sometime in the future .
i 'm looking to buy around a 250-350k house with little to no down payment .
i know its recommended to have a deposit but is it required ?
there were a bunch of games from the ps2 era ported to the ps vita and while some of them were good a handful of them were broken or unplayable .
rate the ones you 've played in terms of how good the port was !
ffx hd not just a port but also has improved textures models and music !
as well as the extra features of the international version .
mgs hd collection while the games are n't unplayable and it 's amazing being able to play them on the go i do get a sense of slight button delay .
other than that the games are overall better quality on the vita than the original ps2 version .
ratchet clank trilogy these games do not play at the vita 's native resolution and the cutscenes have been very compressed in quality but the games play quite well .
there is also a little bit of button delay which can be frustrating for a platformer .
the physical version of r c 2 is broken .
there is a crash bug that happens on the 3rd of 4th level which prevents you from continuing .
been waiting for a moment like this since the emotes were released .
i 've always wondered what the causes for my social anxiety could have been .
even as a child in primary school i was always scared of being seen as stupid etc all the common thoughts with sa .
i was talking about it with my mum and she told me when i started school aged four i got picked on .
i 'm assuming this was because i was n't really a pretty child and my parents are foreign .
i only had one friend all the way through primary school who was also extremely shy though probably did n't have sa she never got picked on .
i find it quite weird how i have absolutely no memory of getting bullied .
the earliest memories i have are probably aged 8 i 'm 17 now .
all this time i was so confused as to why i 'm scared of social situations but i always thought i 'd never been bullied .
i do remember being really unhappy at school though .
i think my mind just maybe blocked out all the bad memories .
i 've always been confused on how expansive the forerunner empire was space wise .
were they all over the milky way or just in the orion arm ?
hey hey i 'm in a band that plays live a lot .
part of my setup involves synths and samplers listed below .
currently i share a large folding table with one of my bandmates which is fine enough but we 've agreed that it 's time to separate and get our own stations .
my goal is to get a road case keyboard case or something i have n't thought of to mount my gear for safe transportation and plug-and-play setup in a live environment on a possibly two-tiered ?
so my question is for live performers with multiple pieces of gear do you have any sage advise or techniques that you 've fallen in love with ?
any specific containers or features i should be looking at ?
i 'm a student looking to get into animation to design an educational web series .
i 'd like to preserve some some classical artistry with styles that resemble pen and ink and watercolor texturing .
can anyone recommend software that would be good for that simple to learn and not all too costly ?
the season 5 schedule keeps changing around for some reason !
was it the one about shining armor and cadance 's baby ?
starts off normal speed then it starts lagging and slows to half speed video the video then catches up by jumping to whats currently happening then after a bit starts lagging again .
i have to refresh stream to fix but comes back after a bit .
i want to ask a question that is always on my mind .
if god had a son jesus whether you consider him white or tan or whatever wouldnt this people of different races to feel an inferiority complex ?
wouldnt they think oh wow god is a white/tan man or the son of god '' ?
i am not here to insult anyone so sorry if i did
i was at hollywood studios at the end of july and a worker said that none of the shops sold cotton candy .
it was during fantasmic so that may have played a role in his answer .
me and my fiancée are honeymooning there in about a week and we both love cotton candy .
where would be the best places to get it in each park ?
as i recall the video had a guy the boyfriend and a teenage girl maybe the daughter .
they were fooling around in the bedroom for a little while then the milf possible the stepmother comes out of the closet and i believe she might have had camera of her own .
in fact i think she was recording them the whole time and we were shown shots from the closet .
after the milf came out of the closet she joined in .
she might have been teaching/showing the teenage girl how to do things ?
sadly i do n't remember much about the actual people in the video .
in the rural areas of the most northern english county stood a castle .
not just any castle constructed in the days of the normans this castle has only stood for 308 years .
yes it was old but the gothic façade was not the most interesting thing about it it was the inhabitants .
throughout the castle vampires roamed some old some ancient some young some even half bloods but none the less this was a place a human would not dare to enter unless they wanted to be fed upon .
so i have been waiting to raid due to me wanting to run through it the first time with a friend of mine .
we are going to get on tonight and knock it out .
would love if some guardians would be willing to show us the raid .
i 'm a 294 warlock and he is a 290 hunter .
if an alien landed on earth how would you describe what taxes feel like ?
hey i 'm looking to interview students who double as weekend warriors for an article i 'm writing !
i 'm just looking at your experiences in the reserves how you balance it with school etc .
the hipsters in kerrisdale are taking it too far .
rt bentennant teamgleason at least we do n't need a machine to tweet
how about the crazy fee you have to pay to send money to someone locked inside .
if you have been blackout drunk often and that 's your worst instance then you are ether very lucky or are n't actually getting blackout drunk that often .
i stopped hanging out with a group of people who did n't mind getting blackout drunk .
more often than not when someone reached a point of blacking out a little puke was the least of our concerns .
you live in a self created bubble of butthurt and victimization .
the rest of the silent majority will simply chuckle at the guild name face palm at your pmsing and move on .
up to the d now to keep them in it
do you have the ability to leave work during your lunch break ?
my job requires a lot of interaction some of the other introverts go take naps or listen to music in their cars during lunch .
i 'll find a quiet spot and read during my lunch break .
something else that 's helped me is waking up fifteen minutes earlier and just spending some alone time in bed it helps me start the day a little more grounded .
again ask to speak to a supervisor scream into the phone .
i know that seems harsh but that is your phone .
he totally should be and he is but does n't abstain him from receiving criticism .
i had to look that quote up.hmmmm.i might have to incorporate that into a conversation later on with a human to make me look hip and with it regardless of when the movie came out .
so what would a world series win mean for you guys ?
i 'm interested to hear your stories of fandom .
this is an article that basically explores the topics that unions are inherently institutionalized gangs because they necessitate the use of force or threats of force against employees and non-union employees scabs '' in such a way as to try to negotiate with employers
this does not go into laundering or control of unions by street gangs or other institutionalized gangs
well at least freeman scored a bullshit td at the end so i could lose my fantasy matchup .
my gf of 2.5 years found out about my addiction in february .
she had no idea thought i was 100 drug free and is totally against drugs .
after the initial shock and awe she finally agreed to help me get clean .
however i relapsed biggest mistake of my life she left me and is now with someone else .
i lost the love of my life the most beautiful kindest amazing woman i 've ever been with or will ever be with over a fucking drug .
i do n't think i 'll get over it ... ..all i can say is support him .
it wo n't be easy but hey ... idk .
do you feel that you 've been accepted by society as a whole or are there still a-holes that make fun of you ?
oh well it 's because of our motto yeah we have a motto for a hockey team it 's srs
to you from failing hands we throw the torch .
i definitely see saint 's row but the torch could be anything really .
so why ca n't the kentucky fan have his moment too ?
bungie got us very excited when they announced the upcoming ib and even seemed excited themselves .
it feels like they fumbled it to be honest .
well there is that story of the woman who shit the back seat on the front page .
i thought only the loose batteries suffered from slowdowns in shipping .
except i do n't have the time to watch this interview video so this transcript is perfect for me
if the company would like me to visit their site they can provide a transcript themselves
yeah because attaching blades to the bottoms of peoples feet and letting them haphazardly skate around with low visibility is forward thinking
i know this could potentially get me down voted into oblivion but i think that the pg producer 's have creatively edited this to increase the drama effect ... which based on some of the livid reactions on this sub they 've done a hell of a job .
they had way too many other things to worry about like securing a location and when jason chose film over an additional 2 days shooting he immediately proved to me where his head is at .
there 's nothing about his story that shooting on film will enhance .
this wo n't even be released in theaters and by the slim chance it is it will be a very limited release ... so why film ? ? ?
but kudos to jason for gaming the system to his complete advantage too bad he does n't see how much it 's hurting his production and the quality of his film .
she did n't put a gun to his head .
if he chose to quit that was his decision .
i also think that was creatively edited and really doubt it was only because of one conversation with effie .
pete jones not being able to be on set .
and i find it hilarious that this is the same writer jason wanted to immediately fire after he was chosen .
he wanted to replace him with one of the writers from boys do n't cry .
you want to hire a writer from one of the most gut wrenching dramas of last century for your comedy .
that 's the best he could come up with ?
i mean if you 're going to attempt to get someone fired at least come back with a legit comedy writer .
in america we somehow think that if we treat people with harsh or violent behavior with harsh and violent incarceration that they will somehow not come out of the experience even worse .
it 's the same illogic where a country that was founded on violence expanded by violence rules by violence and keeps the empire going with violence somehow is mystified that we shoot and kill each other on a regular basis .
add to the insanity that the supposed solution to mistreating your fellow citizen is to be systematically mistreated in prison to show how wrong it is to mistreat people .
in florida a man who believed that abortion is murder shot and killed a doctor who performed abortion to demonstrate that life is sacred .
the state of florida sentenced him to death because the taking of human life is so very wrong .
the current punishment is excessive and punishing another user that was innocent of the matter .
if it 's a tricycle landing gear aircraft you 're flying make sure you hold that nose wheel off as long as possible .
let it settle to the surface while you maintain full aft deflection of the elevator/stabilator .
do n't try to force the landing '' by holding the plane on the surface with less than full aft deflection of the controls and absolutely never apply forward control pressure during your rollout .
this will cause wheelbarrowing '' and may result in a loss of control .
keeping the nose off as long as possible ensures you get the maximum aerodynamic braking available out of the plane once the nose wheel comes down your continued aft deflection of the controls increases the weight on your mains which improves traction and the whole procedure ensures you are controlling the aircraft aerodynamically to the greatest extent possible .
payday 2 is n't a competitive multiplayer game right ?
afaik it 's just pve co-op so there is no serious reason to be angry over them adding 'p2w ' weapons .
but if they did nerf default weapons and killed modding so as to incentivize their new paid weapons that definitely makes them assholes .
capoeira is one i wanted to learn but i wanted to get more of a base in kicking and striking in general first
i agree that i want to hear more about its implementation .
however if a high frequency trader wants to do business with or inside the us it 's only fair to pay any applicable taxes .
especially if high frequency trades leading to large fluctuations in the market .
those traders should have to pay for the trouble they cause .
from what i 've read it would have two effects
slow down the trading by making speculation less worth it . ''
one big question i do have is what if the revenue generated is n't enough ?
are we guaranteeing education or just funding as much as we can ?
its weird hearing all the youll def get banned '' stuff esp for swagbucks tv app i dont have the capacity to own multiple phones atm so i used andy for the tv app and i never got banned for it ?
ive switched to a different emu since then though so ill avoid doing it on there then .
lol so true there 's tons of challenger people who do n't care about lcs or so i 've heard .
hopefully that changes with the server move in a year or two .
reason your post does not match the title format for this subreddit .
if your new post is removed for the time limit message the moderators http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fsteamgameswap .
click here to read the required posting format http www.reddit.com/r/steamgameswap/wiki/rules_and_restrictions wiki_required_posting_format for more information on how your title should be formatted .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/steamgameswap if you have any questions or concerns .
i could 've sworn we were just above the saudis in oil and just above the ruskies in gas while qatar has the lion 's share of the lng
adam asks her looking between her and the strange man .
paizo 's creative director has a pretty good houserule http paizo.com/threads/rzs2m7cd ? breath-of-life-useless 28 about this spell rename it cure deadly wounds '' so that it can be cast spontaneously .
i hated that women within 5 seconds of the video starting ... .wow that 's some world class level annoying right there .
wait you 're complaining that you were banned after you went afk ?
oh and many many many people have made threads about this .
psyonix may or may not be working on a report feature but as it stands its not like you can ban people for being assholes .
i mean it was a frustrating game here and there but the game had a lot of energy for most of the game and kept everyone invested .
the purpose of the endowment is to provide steady income for the university and ideally gradually wean the institution away from needing student tuition to pay the bills .
the endowment is invested and the investment yields profit ideally their goal is to real a point where the endowment is so large that it can replace tuition as a primary source of income .
many ivy league institutions have started reaching this point themselves and increasingly the ivies are changing tuition policies .
some how i 'm better at diagonals with it .
yes the answer is very slim '' because he 's not going to get the nomination for his party .
never mind the part about the electoral college he 's not going to be running for anything by next november because hillary will be the democratic candidate .
the electoral college wo n't even have him on a ballot .
hatcher you do this shit here and i 'll take back everything i said about you .
i want to get to the point where i can write down ideas in my head accurately to the point where i fall in love with my own music .
so all of these entitlement expansions which already comprise the majority of the budget will push us further into debt .
wondering if its just 10.0.10567 that was released a few days ago that 's just being released to more people
it 's done to discourage people from camping at the runway in the far edge of the field waiting for their favorite plane to spawn .
you have to push forward to get a shot at the vehicle token and if you get there and there 's no token you 're probably going to shoot at the guy right next to you rather than stand there pouting .
why did i convince myself to start hankerson again ?
i 'm also not gon na have ptsd for dropping freeman week 1 none at all ... i 'm totally fine ... perfect even ...
det er ikke elektronisk opplegg hver eneste dag men når det først skjer noe så skjer det på de stedene som regel .
følg clubbing in bergen '' på facebook er mitt beste tips egentlig .
why am i not surprised that the deutsche version of the butt related article is much longer and more detailed .
man freeman having a year like bell did last year
that 's not a non-answer it 's a statement of intention .
bungie like many game designers is trying to create situations where the player has to make interesting decisions .
like when you adjust your sub-class talents for a particular fight game mode or when you swap out gear to adjust to a nightfall 's modifiers .
with weapon parts they are trying to make them more valuable so that you do n't just upgrade every single purple weapon that hits your inventory instead you have to pick and choose what is a good weapon and prioritize which one get parts first .
the main issue here is that many of the players do n't want to have to make this choice they do n't consider it fun or interesting myself included .
from what we 've seen so far in destiny the squeaky wheel gets the grease .
let them know that we are not interested in having to make this decision and they will very likely reverse their position on weapon parts .
everybody being sneaky with their scales and i 'm just keeping my normal looking scale next to some postage stamps and letter envelopes .
however they are very stubborn and have a i do what i want '' attitude
desde ver eso no he vuelto a boludear masticando uno de esos .
i must have missed the last 226 years then where i thought it was not valid because of the us constitution negating it
was brought up conservative republican and capitalism has always been put up on a pedestal .
now that i 'm older and even a business owner myself i 'm beginning to have doubts..
hit was in-part retaliation for a jamie benn to hedman hit a minute or so prior .
it 's not like they added this as a reward .
it 's not like you 're being forced to buy them .
it 's not like you play against other people .
it 's not like the update added difficulty hurdles to the game that can only be beaten by purchasing extra shit .
you guys probably have hundreds of dollars spent on tf2 hats and shit but when it comes to overkill you wan na bitch and complain .
so no not fuck you overkill '' more like fuck you crybaby ass entitled bitches who like to complain about every little thing '' .
edit 2 i know i 've been having fun while all you crybabies flood the sub with shitposts .
old people deserve familiar things not bland nursing homes full of strangers .
pm me i own a team that spans multiple games .
i 'm so glad i 'm not a teenage girl right now .
it was bad enough growing up without social media but man i ca n't imagine how hard it is to navigate life as a teenage girl today .
julio 's hammy because shanahan has been in full julio meatgrinder/eggs in one basket mode since day one .
i hope mr. jones can stay healthy the whole season .
i have the same thickness and wave only at 7 months now !
i wish they would do a brand split but without making a big deal..maybe having ko be the top guy on smackdown and the divas maybe can do more singles matches with the nxt girls .
oh my god i never realized how much papi looked like the joker
you can do a meet up with her if you 're local to pick up your order !
but there is a very long history of slavery in africa that proves it was capable of sustaining itself before there was any economic pressure from europeans .
it existed in europe just as much yet i 'm not a slave today .
so i do n't see what the ya but africans also enslaved themselves '' is supposed to mean .
this submission has been automatically removed because it is one paragraph long or shorter .
your thread may need more detail or breaks our rules for being too specific such as which of these two games should i buy ? ''
or too general such as what is the best pc game '' .
if your thread was asking for suggestions about what games to get r/gamingsuggestions r/shouldibuythisgame or r/askgames would be better places to ask .
if you think that your post was unjustly removed please send us a message http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fgames . ''
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/games if you have any questions or concerns .
i think you 're overthinking but that 's just one opinion .
would you feel dumber starting ab and he puts up a dud or sitting him and he goes off ?
and which one do you think is more likely ?
lots of 5-9 million smuggling mission payouts with less than half a dozen cargo needed for each .
best i could find is two places in austin brazos http www.brazosfp.com and fine lumber http www.finelumber.com .
i 've not been to either and ca n't vouch for anything other than the fact that they have a website .
it depends which stamina you use one of them just slows the phone down but the other actually turns the network off when you are n't using the phone which is n't really an option when you still want to receive im 's
it 's a video streaming app for anime and asian live action dramas .
many of their shows are free to watch if the episodes are more than a week old .
i am dressing up as batman and it 's a pretty sweet costume b
i have some money sitting there but my paypal only has 10 in it right now and the bank account i have linked to it is not my own .
i may be able to include a set of caps for a little extra .
shoot me a message and i 'll get back to you in the morning .
well ... it 's 5:23pm in the west coast and traffic in la sucks .
degrom will get into a groove dodgers will complain about the length of the laces on his glove .
i thought that song sounded familiar even though it is original to nge .
the reference i was referring to was nge s the evolution aspect of seele and the human instrumentality project .
the human instrumentality project is viewed as the final stage of human evolution as humans have otherwise reached their apex in terms of natural evolution .
the same idea that humans can no longer naturally evolve can be seen throughout 2001 and is one of the few themes in that movie that is fairly concrete ie is n't veiled in crazy unintelligible symbolism .
the monoliths in 2001 were built by beings who also had reached the point where they could no longer naturally evolve . ''
nge s i say all that only to realize that they did n't mention the evolution aspect of the human instrumentality project in e02 .
man you are being a little bitch in the entirety of this thread
this chart was last updated was on 10/16/2015 at 07:25pm edt
im still replying because i want to laugh more before this day is over .
ca n't miss out on this type of humor tickets to standup shows are like 75 bro .
u/mraxlee u/_bindersfullofwomen u/n0mar iblank package named iblank for ios 7 and ios 8 '' on modmyi is working on ios 9 .
the original max would be as old or older than immortan joe if the timeline added up .
given that there was enough time for a complete religion around immortan joe it must be far longer .
the nuclear war happened sometime inbetween at the end of the oil war .
in fury road there are grown up warboys who know nothing of the past and really believe in immortan joe .
whatever this guys reason is he needs to serve you with an eviction notice from the landlord and tenant board .
these documents explicitly explain the situation and your rights .
to sum tell the landlord to serve you with legal documents .
but you ca n't be kicked out without due process .
hard to tell what the problem is if any .
i think it 's made unsatisfying by the fact that the all the batman movies avoid gore .
in reality taking a cannon shot to the gut like that would shatter your abdomen and rip you in half spraying viscera all over the room behind him .
it would n't be disappointing in that case ... but it would certainly have affected the pg-13 rating !
not anyone can appreciate it as much as you .
i feel as though if you sold it to someone they 'll start replacing parts almost immediately .
i do n't know how much she actually considers the consequences of her actions
but she can appreciate that her actions must be concealed which shows consciousness of guilt ... also the fact that she is able to develop quite convoluted plots against e.g .
margaery suggests that though paranoid she is of sufficient sound mind to stand trial .
i 'm almost done with my next st but i 'm hoping that it wo n't upset people for the wrong reasons .
amaa and i 'll try my best to respond as soon as possible
yeah me too man this is the most hyped drop in supreme 's history so i just do n't want to get my hopes up .
i came to this subreddit to ask if i 'll ever see great karma ever again .
i do n't want to blame it on being a solo q'er but i 'm stuck on good karma and i do n't see an end in sight .
i play respectfully i do n't throw question marks all over the place but my goodness do i see a ton of them in the games i play .
i get stuck playing roam more times than not because other solo q'ers insta-lock and i have no choice .
i play smart i know how to build and play roam .
my teammates build no health no defense and then throw ?
? s all over the place when they get destroyed in a late game 3v3 and i 'm the last one standing running for my life .
it 's a never ending cycle of stupidity and my karma and glory are the ones that take the hit .
as someone who has purchased ice literally just to show the devs my appreciation for the game i 'm incredibly frustrated .
i 'm on mobile so sorry if this post sucks .
this truly is one of the more wtf things i 've seen on here .
i 'm not saying it 's legal or ethical .
do you really think byu or tscc have never broken the law ?
do not underestimate the level of assholery that byu/tscc is capable of .
recycle can mean to take waste and make use of it again it does n't always demand a specific use .
i have a shirt that is made out of art .
and also an art that is made out of shirt .
ah crap ive been searching for like 2 days how to get over this bug nothing has worked i guess you never found a fix either ?
what a shame i had really gotten into it and probably put in as many hours
gta v would indeed be a great choice for a giveaway next week .
on metacritic rb4 is sitting at 80 for ps4 and 82 xb1 respectively .
other than word of mouth from some players what bad press are they getting ?
never been with a black woman i have always wanted to experience it .
i would lick your ass until you begged me to fuck you .
i agree though i am planning on benching him this week against denver .
how is adnan going to explain this one away ?
i always reply to stuff if i have something to contribute it 's just that normally i mostly agree with everyone .
i do n't know why you 're getting so upset i just wanted to talk about melee
yes of course each class has different roles and niche playstyles .
the difference with overwatch is that it will be harder to learn how to play a new character as they have less in common whereas in tf2 you can main 2 or more classes medic/spy main here .
i would n't sell tf2 short as i love the game but overwatch seems more tactical like cs go or a moba .
after two batters i can tell you they 're looking to go the other way .
that two alternate worlds could be merged by a man who was from one universe but lived in the other for most of his life .
if not i have marquess wilson on the bench to plug in .
wouldnt be surprised to see him held out until after the bye to get him as healthy as possible .
completely tore my acl and did serious damage to the meniscus .
instant pain and it sounded like when you crunch a plastic bottle .
i thought it was n't that bad after a few minutes of being sat up was helped to my feet and the minute i tried to put weight on it i was in agony .
easily the worst pain i 've ever been through .
having to sit in the cold for an hour for an ambulance to get me was n't ideal either !
i 've just recently gotten into her stuff and i 'm loving it .
in the middle of the fifth season right now .
if they do n't restart it 's a total joke .
i bet on c9 and they got that 2nd round force buy but this is ridiculous
with a little knowledge of the rise of communism in russia you 'll have a great time plus it 's super short .
i feel like this is a question only you can answer .
in any case a better solution is to start a new toon with the same class and play until you get the hang of it back then jump to your old toon the classes were not dramatically changed in the talent revamp just steamlined to the builds people would use anyway .
bring this to wuffa this is the greatest kind of art
even if one of them was your own child ?
what if yours was the only christian child on a majirity muslim team ?
would you be at all worried about your child being singled out by this team ritual and pressured to pray to an idol ?
it 's either the loyalty boost or manager boost .
show the full team manager and how many games have you used both players ?
i just think missing most of the season and then facing 2 of the best pitchers in baseball 4 out of 5 games has him off his game .
what 's keeping me going is the fact that i 'm better now than i was earlier this year .
i know i have improved so i need to believe i can improve more .
you 'll have to judge for yourself what would be appropriate for the situation .
that being said do n't let social pressure force you to eat animal products .
i would suggest that you could bring and eat your own food before you go to the restaurant and then just have drinks .
if anyone has a problem just say that you have no other option .
wish i lived in that area mate i 'd be all over this .
i 'm a noob at this stuff but if moores law keeps up how long will computing power take to increase 9 orders of magnitude assuming nsa can break the 1024 prime ?
now only time will tell if it truly was that website causing the issue probably was tho !
computer is secure as far as i can tell so far with the scans i did .
ehh i personally dislike swapping browsers iv used chrome for so long now that im on firefox i think im just gon na settle with it and quit making changes .
yeah i set accept third party cookies '' to never .
i still get cookies but nothing that should n't be there like doubeclicker.com '' .
assuming oliver is even alive or active as a hero in earth 2 i 'd rather he still be the hood someone who stopped malcom and therefore never adopted a no-kill rule .
if we see a classic happy green arrow we 're just gon na wish we had that guy on the show .
if he 's still a murderer we can compare and see how far our oliver has come .
try clearing the cache on the other computer if it works on one computer and not another then the problem has to be client-side .
well it 's a damned expensive bait seeing as it only works once and costs 4 million sp .
other candidates are whiskey and video games but really nothing keeps me up later and with more regularity than good fanfic in areas i 'm interested .
considering assad has been covertly supporting isis and his party has ties to neo-nazism ...
nah because it can only happen if you have no heir .
i noticed that you had psa '' in this title and i automatically removed your post .
this tag gets overused in ways that annoy a lot of people in the subreddit so it 's best to omit it from your post titles .
please resubmit your post with a new title that does n't contain psa '' .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/jailbreak if you have any questions or concerns .
so you remember who they are when you run into them again .
if you can not find anybody else here is my submission i understand i do not meet all the requirements .
i can play pretty much from 3 to maybe 8 everyday of the week
entry rifle or i can awp but i am better with rifles
are you fucking twats being passive aggressive little bitches ?
you two should date each there since you 're such bitches to begin with .
microsoft has already pushed updates to my win7 machines that completely ignored my previous decisions to hide said updates in order to try and trick me into installing them..
instant sampling of dna is a long time away if ever possible at all .
first time someone needs to use one and it does n't work ...
you look like you need to put on a little more mass bro .
i feel like this should have been talked about more .
i was bullied sorta he tried to bully me but i just ignored him by a mixed race kid .
but not for free you see ... at least not in the us .
only thing i can think of is when he called clarence thomas a clown in blackface .
i think he was angry after some court decision concerning gay marriage perhaps ?
protip for your entire future life never fix a cable with sticky tape .
it 'll only make a mess and the cable will become really gross as all kinds of dirt will stick to it .
i feel bad that they have to put up with so much but they did it to themselves .
you ca n't let her get away with anything she wants and then expect her to turn out okay .
give me one citation in which protected classes are enumerated in the constitution ?
the right to privacy is not enumerated in the constitution either yet matters arising regarding it are a constitutional matter .
other than enfranchisement there are no explicit protections or restrictions hinging on race gender or age in the us constitution .
the protections you 're citing come from the civil rights act of 1964 and while they are important and rightly implemented protections they are not part of a debate on constitutionality .
i 'm not talking about any protections vis-a-vis the civil rights act and religion .
i am talking about the strict scrutiny protection '' if you want to call it that with regards to religion .
u.s. courts apply the strict scrutiny standard in two contexts when a fundamental constitutional right is infringed 1 particularly those found in the bill of rights and those the court has deemed a fundamental right protected by the due process clause or liberty clause '' of the 14th amendment or when a government action applies to a suspect classification '' such as race or national origin .
as you can see the religious right derives from a fundamental right of the constitution .
i do n't understand the point you 're trying to argue .
i was under the impression that you had beer but oh well .
kris shrugs and began to walk towards the kaan dorm .
worst comes to worst i suppose we can either flag down a bullhead to the city and head to a bar there or we can find someone who does have beer and i can pay to restock them . ''
right but they do so what 's the issue ?
they 're not the best quality but that does n't really affect their ride at all they 're fantastic trucks .
i 'm loving reborn but let 's be real flash is an excellent show that 's definitely riding high in the list of hero shows at the moment .
also seasons 2 3 were in the middle of a writer 's strike most anything should be better quality than them .
there was a riding called lakeland from 1997 till 2004 .
before that there was a riding called beaver river and in between 2004 and today there was a riding called vegreville—wainwright .
that 's a lot of changes and it 's not just names too it 's boundaries .
so i ca n't quite say this is the former riding of beaver river . ''
but i 'll say it anyway because that lets me say this is where the reform party was born . ''
in any case this is where the reform party got its first foothold in ottawa .
deborah grey contested the riding in 1988 but came a distant fourth .
but then he died just five days after the election the poor bastard .
so there was a by-election in march 1989 that was handily won by grey .
as i 've mentioned elsewhere grey quickly became party royalty .
she became reform 's deputy leader spent half a year as leader of the opposition the first woman ever to hold that title and had stephen harper as her legislative assistant .
wikipedia helpfully informs us that she called manning misterbrainiola '' jean chrétien the shawinigan strangler '' and paul martin captain whirlybird . ''
which is a bit dickish but when you 're party royalty it 's a-ok .
i 'm talking about deborah grey because the riding today despite its pleasant name is dull as dishwater .
i 'll give you names leon benoit one of the old 1993-era reformers has finally stepped down after winning elections time and time again with vote counts in the 70s .
yes i know but when you count the plans to connect navi mumbai and surrounding districts in the mmr with metro lines the network can become quite big .
a new government study conducted by the national center for health statistics nchs discovers that 2013 had only 62.5 births for every 1,000 women of child-bearing years the fewest number of kids ever .
compare that 62.5 figure to 120 births in the 1960s .
flower dance https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=aulg4moyxqk luv letter https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=cgvizfrcrma and bluebird story https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=1lnyyd0jxkm are incredible songs .
i think he was kinda forced to say some shit like his constant mention of pitchtrax .
you see me walking coolly around the line but this is a false front as i want you to remain cool on the line ... you think my job is easy and i walk around doing nothing .
truth is i am in a constant state of heart attack over your safety my equipment your safety my product flow your safety ...
on the plus side it looked like a grape soda can so when we drank it in public no one batted an eye .
i just did it for a long time over a bunch of days using tons of photos and got this
culturally its an expectation that the man leads is forward escalates the relationship to the next level is enthusiastic about meeting/hooking up and so on .
you are failing to fulfill this role which looks to an outsider like you are n't that interested .
while you and i know that you are interested but simply lack experience to know how to do the above things the chick you are with does n't .
however the good thing is that you two seem to have so much in common and she likes you .
so what you can do from here is just be honest .
i do n't have all that much experience in relationships .
i really like you but i may have a hard time showing that properly .
let 's talk about things like this so each of us can understand how the other feels . ''
rebel propaganda an army is necessary to keep things in order there are always threats around every corner they wish to disrupt the peace .
i also take issue with your acid wash jeans .
highest i could find so far was 75.8 with u/unlimitedbassworks
note that this story was written before even the friendship games shorts came out but is only now being published so friendship games is essentially noncanon to this fic .
because i 'd be interested in getting a second opinion .
blockquote class '' imgur-embed-pub '' lang '' en '' data-id '' 2spuzlr '' a href '' imgur.com/2spuzlr '' view post on imgur.com a blockquote script async src '' s.imgur.com/min/embed.js '' charset '' utf-8 '' script
not at all just the guild id and you set .
if that post is the same one i saw i think they meant modern '' as in the 60 's or 70 's .
we use lagging indicators to predict what should be done to change course to help those in the future .
'historical context ' does n't make it any fairer that young women are now advantaged by the systems put in place to give them a leg up .
i went to textra after getting fed up with 8sms 's shitty material design .
like i said i am new around here and this is the first time i posted to this sub are there some specific rules here that state what is and what is n't allowed to be posted ?
do all posts have to be about stuff that you have specifically printed yourself with your own 3d printer ?
you can get a decent hd antenna for like 20 .
thursday night games are on cbs for the time being
bonus points take their payment method set it on your side of the counter then lean alllll the way over the counter and show them the brochure .
end by saying it 's great and they should try it then tender the transaction .
i think salt and oil have to come first .
the 4 major operators here are always late to the market with updates and they load tonnes of carrier bloatware .
i assume that marshmallow will only be released for the retail version of the g4 .
walking around the streets of a dodgey part of athens one night got lost trying to find hotel and just down one of the narrow alleys there was a black van lights on sliding door open idling with some creepy looking bloke sitting in the front seat watching people go past .
we noped out of there pretty quickly straight into a nearby hotel to ask directions home .
that 's why most guys immediately click off the video when they are done
i do n't really know why they came to that conclusion .
you will downvote every single one of my comments if you start playing with me .
after this thread i am seriously considering making the switch to wow .
the content of your post does not appear to fit r/anime 's definition of anime-related .
have a question or think this removal was an error ?
there are other options such as dm from crestron but that requires more parts .
i 've never seen a career .300 hitter have such an ugly at bat in such a critical situation .
i saw them open for slash a few years ago and they were absolutely amazing .
or maybe you 're just being pedantic and choosing to not understand what i 'm saying .
i meant that women comprise nearly 60 of the university population in many developed countries .
your moral code is shaped by your experiences after birth .
your mom could have and should have gotten that bitch fired and brought up on charges .
that 's my hope for the tournament as a whole .
i do n't give a shit about the result but we need to be using that as an extra opportunity to fine tune the team in supposedly competitive games .
i grew up in timaru so the idea of growing citrus here is just amazing i always wanted a garden full of lavender and lemon trees now i have both !
if funded indivisible will be released on playstation 4 xbox one and steam windows mac linux . ''
the medrazo house m and f pull down is another place that stays messed up .
i never checked it after you can switch from t to the others .
learn the concepts of pf and realize that this is the sub for you .
it will teach you how to manage your money to go on to acquire wealth .
it 's not going to hurt you the alcohol would have sanitized it but kinda gross .
sounds like an accident i wouldnt post on social media
the fingerprint scanning being 3-4x as fast as an iphone is a lie .
the 6s touchid is faster than any android phone available currently the nexus 6p claims it 's only milliseconds faster .
as for battery life your mileage may vary so no point in really arguing about it .
maybe that 's what the cop thought too and was pulling him over as retaliation for fucking with his quotas ?
cops love fucking with people and abusing their phony power .
they really do n't like people challenging their orders cause it 's this in-your-face reminder that their superiority is n't real .
yes that 's the idea behind the basic income .
in my opinion it is the only way at some point further in the future and i really like seeing finland researching it before that point comes .
at some point people have to accept the fact that there can not be enough paid work for everyone and stop complaining about unemployment rates .
instead people need to be able to contribute to humanity or society without the pressure of having to have a job that pays enough .
and yes there will be lazy people but if you have the choice to be entirely lazy or do something you like without getting more or less money people might choose to do something anyway .
i get those tins 2 for 5 at the local dollar store and i bet its just as delicious !
i bet you live in an area with a lot of libertarians this ideology seems to be the sort that would be real appealing to that kind .
the thought of a french judge watching escape from new york and lockout and comparing them somehow warms my heart .
unfortunately your post was removed as it violates rule 3
a complete and detailed product list is required to be posted in the comments for every single makeup look including fotds hauls .
if you are unable to please message the mods .
if a complete product list is posted this can be reapproved .
if you do message the mods http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fmakeupaddiction subject message or reply to this message .
this is what you get with a generation of cop hating obnoxious cunts .
damn that officer kept his cool like a fucking jedi .
if by best you mean the fastest then i would suggest fast-tracking fortification supplies and dropping them off in guathiti .
0 to 10k merits in 5 hrs if using a 500 ton t9 .
weekly 5.5k merit decay can be done in 2.75 hrs .
you will have to burn through the rank 5 salary for that though .
everything else is mind-numbing and takes far far too long to do .
people oppose this method because it does nothing to help ald '' but quite frankly it 's up to you to judge for yourself about whether you care more about ald or your own self-interest .
it is n't automatically the former contrary to all the propaganda .
wait for the scientific polls people and then watch them under 'controversial ' because it does n't match our predetermined narrative .
fucking hell as a braves fan who also loves the cubs have you people learned nothing ?
my cousins a teacher as well and that 's the host i got from him too .
i can see how the work is never boring .
hats off to you and all the teachers today inspiring tomorrow 's professionals
i 'm going to fear loathing ix and can not wait !
it 's outdated as shit and afaik it does n't even mean 'you may ' .
it sounds like a real word but ... what the fuck .
edit obsi 's match thread status should be fine .
i 'll be perfectly honest i do n't notice any difference between iron banner and crucible .
i really liked your first post and it 's an interesting contrast to this one .
when i take afinil music is amazing i wish i could have it playing all the time in the background lol .
i would highly recommend trying out an ambient music playlist on spotify or one of the brain/zen playlists .
the key part to getting things done on afinil in my experience is setting a time frame to get things done where there will be no interruptions .
socially i can say that afinil gives me a total lack of empathy for others .
this can be a downside in the work environment since an individuals chances of succeeding in life are greatly determined by their emotional intelligence .
just like you said using it on days when you work in a private office is ideal .
conversations really tend to bore me when i take afinil as i feel completely disconnected from anything past raw information '' although i do notice i am actually better at communicating effectively with afinil .
if i am doing something in the opposite spectrum of afinil i am looking into trying a low dose of a beta-blocker .
armodafinil is the better choice in my opinion especially if you are factoring in the habit forming potential .
armodafinil if you have noticed seems to be more consistent in its efficacy and mood-stabilizing effects .
i enjoyed reading your post and i hope there are more to come .
yeah well i 've also decided i wanted a gnorbu .
i have a christmas http www.neopets.com/petlookup.phtml ? pet=norbunas found him stuck in the pound a few days ago pastel http www.neopets.com/petlookup.phtml ? pet=jubillance adopted from a kind person from reddit faerie http www.neopets.com/petlookup.phtml ? pet=sheet_of_the_sea adopted as well chocolate adopted and cloud saved from the pound gnorbu but the last two are still waiting for proper customisation thanks cc for inflating the prices of clothes . .
take this as a warning once you go gnorbu there 's no way back .
i think the world nobles want sanji for his awesome parage shot ability .
i 'm pretty sure you guys played us last year
it 's on clip4sale but you might find it on a free site
the middle ground on that issue would be people who find it insulting boycott your publication '' and the counterpart would be do n't overdo it or too many people might boycott you and you 'll go out of business '' .
i do n't think that would qualify as surrendering to unadulterated evil '' .
especially for a longer game where only 3 people want to surrender and quit the feedfest .
greg is the audio daddio dear gosh what the fuck did i jus would n't put it past him lending steven spare or old gear .
or just chill and accept that missing it wo n't change your life .
perhaps what he/she is saying would work in a sarcastic conversation but they honestly believe killing babies is all well and good .
all paradoxes rely on anomaly there 's no way there could be true chaos or anomaly in the world
the project looks fantastic lead by very talented great people and it would mean the world to them if you could help a bit d
i 'd really love to see this project come to fruition !
together we can make sebastian 's odyssey come to life !
holy fuck jagr found the fountain of youth in florida .
no fuck that shit i ca n't play a single fucking game without bronies infesting it and memeing .
it wo n't fucking die either has n't it been 5 years ?
yeah i was n't clear let me rephrase in the op as well .
if the second than the charge that caused the npc to move never occurred .
he would be reacting to something that did n't happen . ''
you 're very welcome and thank you too so much for hatching him .
those were the guys that sparked my attention to check out wrestling again after i got tired of cenawinslol era and moved more towards mma .
my english teacher wanted to flunk me in junior high
i smacked him in his face with an eraser chased him with a stapler
as a parrot from the future i can tell you its pretty spiffy .
i say keep going out to restaurants with questionable health ratings .
already got someone doing it thanks for the reply though !
a skim of an upper atmospher would cause one hell of a violent ripple .
but likely no one would notice because ... it 's a ripple .
i 'm not sure but it seems like i 'm definitely not in my element whenever walter is agitated ...
i have left reddit for a reddit alternative https www.reddit.com/r/redditalternatives/wiki/index due to years of admin mismanagement and preferential treatment for certain subreddits and users holding certain political and ideological views .
the situation has gotten especially worse since the appointment of ellen pao as ceo culminating in the seemingly unjustified firings of several valuable employees and bans on hundreds of vibrant communities on completely trumped-up charges .
the resignation of ellen pao and the appointment of steve huffman as ceo despite initial hopes has continued the same trend .
as an act of protest i have chosen to redact all the comments i 've ever made on reddit overwriting them with this message .
if you would like to do the same install tampermonkey https chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/tampermonkey/dhdgffkkebhmkfjojejmpbldmpobfkfo for chrome greasemonkey https addons.mozilla.org/en-us/firefox/addon/greasemonkey for firefox ninjakit https github.com/os0x/ninjakit for safari violent monkey https addons.opera.com/en/extensions/details/violent-monkey for opera or adguard http adguard.com for internet explorer in advanced mode then add this greasemonkey script https greasyfork.org/en/scripts/16006-reddit-overwrite-extended-with-list-of-alternatives .
finally click on your username at the top right corner of reddit click on the comments tab and click on the new overwrite button at the top of the page .
you may need to scroll down to multiple comment pages if you have commented a lot .
after doing all of the above you are welcome to join me on a reddit alternative https www.reddit.com/r/redditalternatives/wiki/index !
i do n't have an omnipod but i am pretty sure they are the same .
do your existing test strips have a butterfly on them and zipwick mini prong things on each side ?
you mean places like mississauga who 's most popular mayor of all time endorsed trudeau ...
they were liberal for a decade after being conservative for a decade .
if they are the same people who would never vote liberal they would n't have voted for wynne !
those who voted for wynne are in the vast majority and thus who trudeau wants !
edit i wish people would look past the last decade before they type things they know nothing about ...
mulroney 's team won both kent and lambton-middlesex source above how exactly has it been liberal for decades '' ?
you would think so but sometimes that 's a bad idea even .
calling the police would have been the smart idea .
it makes things worse now they have to hide the fact that they are texting .
people are always going to do it no matter what .
unless people 's mentalitys change that law is not going to do no good .
i like when it 's yoda and the force !
one of my favorites ... there 's too many !
so are you trying to make the point that by not helping rectify people killing pandas by way of habitat destruction in the past via money or volunteered time that he should still feel guilty on behalf of people who have caused the endangering of wild pandas ?
is that what you 're trying to do here ?
i agree with nearly everything you say but the last sentence .
i find it strange that your conclusion to cops ca n't gauge each person '' is that they should treat everyone as dangerous and violent criminals rather than as perfectly innocent and upstanding citizen .
i think oprah used the term once in her show .
i am aware of how i normally get into safe mode maybe i worded the question badly .
how do i get into safe mode without having any video and thus knowing when you reached it and assuming i made it what use is it if i ca n't see what i 'm doing because i have no video ?
should take about 10 minutes for any message to get to eeloo on a bad day .
but unless we 're planning on implementing time delay for all aspects it just seems like an annoyance that people will quickly bypass
if anything like this ends up being planned i 'd be totally up for casting/streaming the games if that would help !
strange that noone considers hungary as a fairly easy but still fun start .
the pechenegs to the south are part of your dejure empire and they are not catholics .
sometimes even if you are a duke since they tend to go crazy and civil war themselves to the ground .
name one thing other than religion that requires religion and can not be replaced with a secular community .
this community is oversensitised by riot lytes inane behavioural science experiment .
that 's because the leafs are crushed from use .
i think there 's a degree of that here .
i 'm laughing at the community reaction more than anything else .
dunno about perfect fit.. dallas need a center who can defend not a power forward who kinda ca n't
twitter is a retarded fad of a platform that will be gone quicker than myspace .
glad i 'm not alone in wondering why morgan freeman is wearing glasses
someone should poke him and let him know everyone heard it .
time will tell if he is just super inflexible or maybe phase 2 will start eventually .
just a thought do you reckon this red tint issue has something to do with the pixel structure of the amoled ?
i remember older samsung amoleds used to have that horrible pentile structure they 've shifted to pentile diamond now that used to give images a weird colour tint .
i ask this because i notice the pixels are rather visible on the white areas of an ambient display and i do n't know why but something just seems off about it .
all that being said i do n't think pixel structure should still allow for reddish blacks .
when you plugged it did you hear the notif sound of a usb device getting connected in windows ?
what 's the look of device manager when the headset was plugged in ?
if there 's no new weird entries in device manager or the sound of usb connection in the windows then yeah it 's probably not a usb extender .
those devices normally work without their custom drivers but their brand-specific application wo n't be able to detect them if steam link is not extending them .
there 's a new problem then that means any driving wheel flight stick wo n't work on steam link
that would have been a great comment if you tried just a bit harder .
the actors eh i do n't know if i agree or disagree but personally i do n't think they 're bad .
but i also do n't know about many actors that age .
i 'll keep him and his family in my thoughts .
it was a joke rather than serious advice haha congrats on avoiding those wristlocks though .
based on the dosage of hormones for the third week yes you can take one extra and be protected .
2.however when you do something like this throw out the pack that you messed with or keep it for extra and get a new pack .
this is because you must be taking 21 active pills before you take any inactive pills .
and by taking from next 's month pack you do n't have 21 active pills for next month .
do all f2p quests then start questing in mems .
questing is really nice because you jump a lot of early levels where the training is very slow .
the main aims of the amended asylum package are to speed up asylum procedures and ensure that rejected asylum applicants quickly return to their home country .
as part of the reforms refugees allowed to stay in germany should also be provided with better means to integrate into society .
left party member jan korte criticized the policy 's preference of non-cash benefits for refugees upon their initial arrival in germany
deemed the planned withdrawal of benefits from rejected asylum applicants if they do not leave the country as unconstitutional . ''
the coalition is simply ignoring the relevant decision of the constitutional court
pro asyl said in a statement that the aforementioned benefits cuts were an open violation of the constitution . ''
could someone please clarify what is going on here and how this asylum seekers bill is in conflict with german constitution or decision of the constitutional court ?
you to keep playing whereas decay punishes you for not playing .
the current system does not encourage you to keep playing either .
the current system sticks you in a 10-13 range say 24-37 and you never get out of it because of the nature of the game combined with the bum matchmaking .
omg i was laughing so hard after reading this .
you 're not my husband '' haha that 's fuckin hilarious !
you are lucky you did n't get punched in the face .
good story though i award thee an upvote may you carry it with great pride .
the loaner loaned it to me as goods and services which requires a week to check if i mark it as digital services rendered process and a month by default unless i do that .
there could be other ways but i 'm not familiar enough with paypal to be sure .
if i submit a request for money and someone fulfills it is the process instant ?
large urban high schools in poor areas probably have higher densities of gang members than anywhere outside a prison .
in places like that you either have cops handy or the inmates run the asylum .
nope it should run fine even on recent foss drivers i can test it later if you 'll like to have a report also proof https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=flesgksatq4
slam is still missing stuff like an aimbot or ddos'ing enemies ...
im in the process of re-doing the tutorial so give me a few
you do n't have to worry too much just use your common sense .
do n't keep any valuable things in your back pocket
do n't whip out a city map in plain sight and do n't run around with a huge backpack
ignore people trying to sell you stuff fucking selfie sticks or are begging for money
do n't go into bars which are right at the tourist center shit 's expensive rather check out side streets and find a small restaurant
do n't let people pull you into their music acts and charge you afterwards
skip the colosseum and spanish steps it 's crowded and the steps are well just steps
spent the first night with my gf there was quite romantic
foro romano and villa borghese are nice as well especially the panorama view
get up early for basilica di san pietro otherwise you 'll end up waiting in a loooong line
btw it 's cheaper to drink coffee/espresso right at the counter than sitting at a table that 's how they make out tourists and charge extra
i will get some pictures from my phone and upload them later
i 'm pretty sure it 's getting a dvd release but i 'm not 100 if it 's every country that 's going to get it .
best bet is to just wait a bit if you are dying for a physical copy .
i 'm no developer but if i 'm reading this right it 's only loading mobilesubstrate .
the fact that it runs in safe mode makes me think this is some kind of jailbreak detection going on here .
if you have any substrate tweaks installed i 'd recommend you use icleaner pro and turn them off one by one to figure out what 's crashing this app .
i 'm sorry if i came off as having an accusatory tone .
i meant to say that you should n't allow yourself to feel that because you 're autistic it should be ok for you to not meet all the requirements of the job .
to put things into perspective i 'm also an aspie who happens to have a small leadership position within a company and i have to deal with nts every day .
i might not show all the proper social cues nts expect but i do n't just say i 'm an aspie and it 's ok for me to do so .
i might not reach nt levels of normalcy but i 'll get as close to that as i can .
i went there right after i thought of this and i noticed they had all those tags .
aside from it being pretty likely that one of the top 6 teams wins the europa cup in which case only 1 team does n't qualify for the play-offs how does this work logistically ?
3rd 4th 5th and 6th have a quarter final match .
1st 2nd the europa cup winner and the two quarter final winners play in the semi finals ?
i 'm not sure if it was a joke but i heard that book is one of the bestsellers in the arab world
when you turned the camera onto your face i immediately understood why you sound and act like an autistic manchild . ''
do you want a general representation map like the ones you see in mrt stations or a more precise one ?
a couple of lrt lines are currently in construction for taipei and many more are in various stages of planning .
danshui light rail https zh.wikipedia.org/zh-tw e6 b7 a1 e6 b5 b7 e8 bc 95 e8 bb 8c just barely begin real construction work .
this line is elevated and therefore will take quite a bit longer than the kaohsiung lrt to construct .
ankeng light rail https zh.wikipedia.org/zh-tw e5 ae 89 e5 9d 91 e8 bc 95 e8 bb 8c it is designed to run in the middle of a newly constructed road so you can say that construction '' had begun for it .
however no hardware directly related to the line had been installed yet .
shezi light rail https zh.wikipedia.org/zh-tw e7 a4 be e5 ad 90 e7 b7 9a plans halted due to uncertainty into how the shezi area will be developed .
shenkeng light rail https zh.wikipedia.org/zh-tw e6 b7 b1 e5 9d 91 e8 bc 95 e8 bb 8c just began feasibility studies
unnamed new light rail a reaaaaly long term plan recently put forward by the ko government to connect newly developed areas to the rest of taipei once songshan airport is closed down .
the talk where i heard him discuss this was amazing .
well most of the police are against being armed for one .
it would cause more trouble than it mitigates and lead to an escalation of violence against police .
right now police are n't armed so why shoot at a cop ?
we have a long and successful tract record of balancing use of force against risks .
it went wrong yesterday and an officer got shot .
however we also have a suspect alive and in custody .
shootings of any kind but particularly police shootings are vanishingly rare in the uk and i have no doubt this is in part due to uk police being unarmed .
i do n't want to have to buy a new car i 'm not good at making decisions and my response to most of the cars that come up are ew that 's ugly .
so why is it not worth it despite the 330 attack at least that 's what i am seeing on destiny tracker is xur 's roll lower ?
this is the general response this question normally gets .
no one is able to justify taxing normal people the majority of what they earn to fund people endlessly pumping out kids .
i grew up in a rough part of se london pretty much everyone i went to school with has 3 kids and almost all of them are on welfare .
the people like me who chose not to have that lifestyle and instead went and got a job .
i do n't know ... they seem only a tiny step away from chips or bubble and squeak .
you should be finding every single ending you can .
i skipped on the pressing button for several hours while running back and forth '' ending/bit and watched it on youtube .
according to the most recent poll http www.foxnews.com/politics/interactive/2015/10/13/fox-news-poll-biden-more-electable-than-clinton clinton 's lead widens when biden is excluded from options .
that could change i suppose but right now biden running would be a positive for sanders .
i wanted to do as many sidequests as i possibly could before getting into the main quest .
after the main quest i had sunk about 100h or so hours into the game and just felt sated .
hey thanks for posting this ... i was trying to find that video a few months ago and gave up .
when even labour are calling for people to bow before the queen you know the party 's finished .
i had been to one in my tier 2 city 4-5 years ago .
avon barksdale wakes up somewhere on the serene plains .
everything feels different the air the temperature the atmosphere .
the sun is nice and the road is good .
he focusses on acquiring information and decides to save judgement for later .
after a few hours of walking avon can see in the distance the majestic high stone walls of a city surrounded by farmland .
next to him is a sign pointing in the direction of the walls which he can not read .
it 's late afternoon he 's starting to get hungry a feeling he has n't felt in a while but which is n't at all unfamiliar to him .
arriving at the city he walks through the open gates with purpose .
a guard in a booth contemplates running after him but decides he is n't paid enough to do his job .
absentmindedly he walks through the city until he stops to look around .
like his home it stinks but it 's a different stink which he does n't like .
there is danger in the air he knows this atmosphere all to well .
he sees a kid on the street practicing his punches .
his form is sloppy he 's jumping all over the place and his punches go nowehere .
nah see you aint hitting no one with a punch like that . ''
he says a few words but avon ca n't understand any of it .
you know back in the day my right hook was n't so bad .
the fact that they did n't speak the same language did n't matter .
the man was going to teach the kid some moves .
avon punched the air a few times and the kid would mimick as best he could .
every now and then avon would grab the kid and adjust his posture .
he showed the kid some punches dodges faints and proper footwork .
am hour or two go by until they both hear a female shout and the kid motions that he needs to leave .
as avon watched the kid run he takes a deep breath .
its 12 o'clock midday and i just woke up .
should n't it be 100 for the 100kg person ?
we have been a guild for just over a year .
i do n't feel i need an explanation if i 'm honest .
i 'm doing this for a good cause and if not enough people approve i wo n't do anything about it latyos .
that 's because we 're better than you in every single waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaayyyyy
why should cops get to lay hands on citizens for no reason ?
the cop could have said stay here instead he put his hands on him .
if this kid had a good lawyer he could sue the city and the school
i propose that we fully embrace the shit posting and just turn the sub in to one big off season shit post .
it either needs to stop or needs to become official and it looks like it is n't gon na stop .
she 's a 42 year old dating a 25 year old .
clearly she 's not the most mature person on the block .
you also refer to her as your wife in the post .
we have n't heard from davos in a long time and i think his journey to skagos will have consequences that are linked to the battle of ice or at least its direct aftermath .
i would think we need one chapter that takes place before the battle .
and arianne had not one but two chapters removed from adwd which therefore take place chronogically pretty early .
if we want to have at least some space between those chapters it would make sense to put the first one right after the prologue .
i 've got nillkin h since i got my note3 and it worked perfectly .
superb fit nice in touch easier to put on phone than foil .
this day would 've been the day i drove up to meet her .
i would 've rented a car and grabbed my buddy and we were going to meet at her university .
i was going to get to hug her and kiss her .
i was going to take her on a date and give her an early birthday present .
i feel awful sitting here at home when i could be out actually being with the girl of my dreams .
i 'm broke as all hell and i do n't make enough money with my job but i ca n't quit because i 'm a private teacher and my students rely on me .
i 'm stuck and i do n't know how to fix this .
i know this is a dumb place to ask this but i 've been considering buying payday .
i browsed the sub for a little to get a gist of how the community is and i 'm noticing a lot of anger about overkill '' .
so my question is is the game still worth getting or are whatever shenanigans going down reason enough to not get the game ?
moonmeandher is actually moon-me-an-der if you cut off the h
2nd|18:05 r/calgaryflames josh jooris hi stick double minor against chris thorburn
i 'm looking for sulley from the monsters university mystery set as well as alice tiana anna and elsa from the nesting doll mystery set .
i 'm never sure of what i might want !
also i 'm sorry to say that the pooh bear hidden mickey pin is gone .
following several feints from both sides the launching of operation mugunghwa has restarted the korean war has in truth .
the massive invasion of coalition forces attacking from unexpected angles has quickly managed to seize the ports of pohang and incheon with minimal casualties and coalition forces are now poised to strike inland .
the attack on wonsan was successfully repulsed with heavy coalition casualties due to the forewarning provided by the capture of pohang .
north korean and chinese forces trapped south of the occupied cities are in dire straits as they are now cut off from their northern supply lines .
obvious to everyone involved is the american contribution to the invasion forces in apparent violation of the treaty of moscow .
m just to clarify everyone the west literally only controls the cities and their direct surroundings .
this is not the massive breakthrough that was envisioned and the norks and chinese still have numbers on their side .
there was a post earlier about starting an irc channel for people learning web development .
someone suggested we start a slack channel so i started one and we have added about 20 people so far .
i created channels for a few different popular sites with web dev related coursework codecademy odin project and freecodecamp .
additional channels can be added but it hopefully will be a good way to find some people to learn with .
edit we are also starting a website project to point back to the slack group and to aggregate links and cool resources for learning .
i have low self esteem and because i love art i feel like if i choose to do art professionally its because i 'm too stupid to do anything else for a career .
things are also complicated because i also have a history of being very avoidant and isolative so i 'm really lost on whether i 'm choosing art to cope with not being mentally composed enough to specialize in something else or not wanting to do art because i 'm too unaccepting of myself
guys i moved a couple of menus/frames by mistake how can i reset everything to default ?
add my psn i_elysian or just put your sign down at the given bonfire if willing to help .
factoring ease of ls activation ulti evos available or future team flexibility and team synergy plus anything else aside from looks because kali wins that hands down .
and yes we all know these fine ladies pale in comparison to the one true ra .
since the update i 've noticed i consistently get less catalysts then i used to .
i have to mine several times often with no drops .
but i can not help but get pretty pissed off at the turn of events that have happened to me .
at 56 wins i got le i had been playing a lot better and more consistent thanks to watching my own demos and practicing regularly .
my first le match a full team of le vs le we won 16/10 i top fragged got an ace and most mvp 's .
i was really confident after getting le and felt great .
next game 15/15 second top with a good effort not disappointed at all .
next match 8/16 we lost pretty bad i top fragged and helped as much as i could we had the other team beat but they had one player with a massive 40 kills obvious smurf .
okay brushed it off and kept playing top fragged next match but 2 players on my team failed to get over 9 kills the whole match ending in 8/16 .
15/15 top fragged again these matches are one after another and i am trying my heart out to cement my le rank and get a few wins but one player goes afk at round 10 and we tie .
12/16 we lost i second fragged played on cache a map i need to scrub up on ... a fair few rounds i definitely could have had a larger impact on and rotated better but 2 players fail to get over 10 kills .
next match 16/14 we lost we get a troll who 1 wo n't shut up or call and throws the match for us it 's an extremely tight game with both teams bar the troll scoring 20 kills ea player a player on the other team drops a 40 bomb but we managed to keep it 16/14 there was at least 2 clutch rounds 1v1 or 1v2 where the troll died on purpose .
next game 16/6 i top frag with another player the third player was decent with 15 and helped out but 2 players failed to get over 10 kills and it 's at this point its gg on my rank almost we are facing 3 or more le yet i am always the only le on our team for the last 2 games it 's a mix of dmg and mge while the other team for some reason have 3 or more le 's .
second last game i top frag and we get a tie ... last game i am on tilt at this stage played like shit because as soon as we got in i got told 2 of our players did n't even have mics 1 did n't speak english well at all and refused to use anything other then the ump and the ranks where mg to dmg while the other team had 2 le and the rest dmg .
if i did i would have won the games 1v5 which is impossible for anyone in their own skill bracket sure ace one or 2 rounds i happened to ace 4 rounds total over these games ...
but i get deranked because i was not lucky enough with the team i was put on .
the only map i can easily say as a team we threw was the cache game apart from that it was always a miss match of having under ranked player 's vs the rest of the field or having 1 guy afk or deranking and failing to get kills .
i will admit even though rank is just a number to me i am salty because i played the best counter strike i have played yet for 90 of those games pulling ever trick i had out proving that i belong in le yet mm just kept putting me on teams that could n't win .
i am taking a break from cs for a few days at least to cool down and reevaluate how much energy i want to put into it because this made it painfully clear a large part of mm is luck something i could n't or did n't learn in my 57 total wins so far .
if someone casts a gilt leaf winnower and targets my creature can i pump my creature 's attack to equal to its toughness so as to negate the destroy effect ?
if you came this far you are wondering what ct it .
in technical terms ct ct. and if you do n't understand that then wtf ?
when you use ct in a large group chat you are engaging with another person who has found ct .
ct is something that ca n't be explained by science or by god .
when going into a large chat room you simply say ct '' .
if people respond with ct '' you know you have found another person free from societies restrictions .
you must always respond to your ct brothers and sisters .
then proceed together to send people messages with ct in them used in anyway you choose .
only upon the true rage can you tell them of this santity that resides at r/praisect .
before i say anything i understand that this is just the first iteration of noshar 2.0 and it is subject to change .
i am posting this for the betterment of the maps in hope that it will improve gameplay .
the new version of noshar canals has much potential but right now it is just too spaced out .
one of the reasons i have n't liked the tdm maps in battlefield 4 is that there just is n't enough cover and too much open areas that you have to run through .
well this is also an issue with the tdm map of dragon valley .
i am sure this is a complaint among many bf3 veterans .
please dice take into consideration making a 1:1 copy of the original noshar canals tdm map .
i 've decided to leave this script about finally getting through to that girl in your fantasy again http cuddle.works 5bf4m 5d 20girl 20in 20your 20fantasy 20 5bjust 20a 20starter 5d.txt without a set ending ... pick your own !
today is my cake day and i 'd just like to take the opportunity to say thank you to everyone who has made this a memorable first year especially u/eves-garden without whom i would n't be here .
i 've been playing grimrock 2 for a bit now and when my steam controller came in today i figured i 'd take a crack at it since there were so many bindings options .
looks like you can find it in the steam ui if anyone wants to make use of it .
let me know if i could have done better .
nothing wrong with actual cable but the aux input wo n't work when i press and hold cd '' .
any idea when there might be a alpha testing for this game ?
i am dying to try this out i have been following since day 1. p the hype train is still so real for me !
also are you guys planning on trying to jump in to esports ?
if so my organization will be one of the first ones to pick a roster up i promise you that !
the kaio grow from fruit and i think when one dies a fruit falls from the tree and grows into a new one .
since the others were killed off by kid buu is it possible new ones will emerge and replace n s w at some point in the series ?
is it possible the current e kaioshin will become the new daikaioshin and we 'll see an entirely new e kaioshin ?
why was he able to keep his body and carry on his duties ?
so i would love to see what you guys have in mind and can come up with .
if you have a scene you 've been dying to play or just think of one that suits any of my many kinks lay it on me !
kinks include but not limited to ageplay celeb play starlets real girls athletes incest taboo relationships cheating anal anything goes sex for money/presents and a ton more !
turn offs are scat/watersports punching open-fist hitting is fine !
we should maybe think about voting for an ambassador .
we already have a embassy plot but no ambassador secretary or courier whatever that is p
i want to start collecting science fiction and fantasy books with these types of covers http i.imgur.com/tlfw0um.jpg could anyone suggest some titles to me or point me to where i can find more ?
this specific one is pretty terrible but i do n't mind i just want to check out some of this older fantasy/sci fi leaning more to the fantasy side and collect covers i like .
so today i had the sudden inspiration to try organizing a halloween event for all lovely los angeles raptors .
thing is i have no idea what the event should be .
i 'm mainly trying to gauge interest at the moment .
i 'm looking at pre-ordering the limited edition vader playstation here at the end of the month .
in each photo advertisement that i 've seen and even in the video ad on youtube a physical copy of the playstation 4 game with case is shown .
so my question here is will this bundle actually include deluxe version of the game enclosed in a case or will it include only the disk in some sort of sleeve ?
this is rather important to me because in 10 years i would much rather have the game in its original case all shiny and new looking as opposed to some sort of flimsy sleeve with the artwork printed on it .
i think that it is such a humbling tribute to the game and the players faith .
that 's the reason why i am a pak fan .
but it does n't matter because its my team and i feel like i cherish it as much as a person from pakistan themselves would .
here 's where you can talk shit about my girls or how you think centipede hz isn't the best anco record i keed .
obviously it can be about animal collective or any related side-projects .
as much as i fucking love panda bear i do n't understand a lot of the appeal in 'cosplay ' .
definitely felt like it was the weakest new track on the ep .
edit i 'd probably go so far as to say that it 's in the 3 weakest tracks out of pp tomboy and all pbvsgr era for me
or for that matter are there any significant occurrences of two cultures having developed the same concept independently ?
for example i learned recently that italian and sanskrit share a similar word for snake serpe and sarpa respectively .
from this i could conclude that there must exist some greater language connecting them which if i understand everything correctly is the indo-european family of languages .
however in the absence of other historical context that may link the two cultures together it can also be concluded that this is a simple coincidence rooted in the fact that snakes hiss and it would make sense for words that describe them to make use of the s '' sound .
is there any reason to suspect this might be the case ?
have two cultures developed something completely independently of each other or is it always the case that cultures with some significant commonality must share an ancestor ?
is it possible to distinguish between these two cases in the absence of further context ?
if not and maybe this is too vague a question but is there a well-established or widely-accepted notion of enough '' context to link the two together outside of hard evidence ?
i felt like heavenly bliss ... like the waves of an ocean at the most pristine paradise imaginable crashing against the shore .
chapter 1 episode 9 the chief apothecary of the royal court and the reincarnated pharmacologist style of work http moonbunnycafe.com/parallel-world-pharmacy/c1-e9
a young pharmacologist and researcher in japan died from overworking and was reincarnated in a medieval parallel europe .
he was reincarnated as a 10 year old apprentice to a famous royal court apothecary had attained an inhuman ability to see through disease substance creation and substance destruction .
in a society in which dubious medical practice are rampant price gouging thru the monopoly of the apothecaries guild and good medicine are n't available to the commoners .
he was recognized by the emperor at that time and opened a pharmacy at the corner of the town .
he will wipe out the fraud that has swept the world and deliver to the commoners a truly effective medicine that was developed using present day pharmacology .
thus the boy pharmacist will cheat by using his previous knowledge to create innovative medicines while helping the people of the parallel world a story about living his new life to the fullest this time .
they suck ass and rarely become big on their own .
the seljuks are supposed to challenge the byzzies but instead they usually get taken out pretty quick for some reason or another .
i found seljuk in my game in his 50s just sitting on his ass in someone 's court .
his war probably ended because the person he was fighting lost some other subjugation war automatically closing seljuk 's war .
anyway the byzzies are fucking strong as fuck now because they are easily gobbling up the massive clusterfuck that is the middle east .
i wanted to make rome but now i must take one cocksucking county at a time .
alright guys so i 'm a senior in me graduating this december and have a job lined up for january .
the fe exam for me is n't really required to graduate or for my future career but i decided to take it just in case and just to prove to myself that i can do it ...
but i got busy with classes this semester and my wife had our first kid weeks before this semester started .
so between fluid power systems heat transfer a few other classes and a new baby ...
i 've kind of put off studying for the fe ...
i 've got 7 weeks until i take it and am kind of stressing out .
i 've done well in school a 3.58 gpa i 've gotten mostly a/a 's with a few b 's and just two b 's in multi variable calc and mechanics of materials..
so i feel like i 've done pretty well i 'm just not sure how in depth i need to study..
i have the review book and practice problem book and just barely started reading through the review book to cover any principles i might have forgotten .
pretty much does anyone have any advice on studying for the fe ?
i know checking out the reference booklet and getting familiar with it is a good idea so you can find the equations you need fast .
well i 'm starting a new journey and i hope it goes well .
according to my personnel manager the position is permanent at least in my store .
i have a week of vacation then i start next saturday .
as of right now a 10 minute match in crucible might net you anything from 0 to 2 blues .
compared to a vanguard strike that takes roughly the same time and you get 3 to 5 blues from killing adds alone you get guaranteed boss drops on top of that 2 to 3 drops and even to get a chance at an exotic drop after killing the boss .
as it stands crucible players have much less rewards for the same amount of time invested .
i 'm seldom play crucible myself but i think bungie should look into this .
objectively corrects double kills killing sprees they could be rewarded with a guaranteed loot drop .
i 'm still looking to repair my car to get it back on the road .
i 've saved a bit of money now and i 'm wanting to get it on the road before christmas .
i can use paypal or however you wish to pay me and receive payments .
any information you need feel free to ask i will provide .
i really would like to have this money to fix my car soon rather than waiting until it 's freezing outside .
i was at taco bell today and got some lava sauce on the side and they gave me twice as much as i ordered which was awesome so i ended up taking some home .
how long should it stay good/edible in the fridge ?
on the last podcast of penn 's sunday school penn said lod advocated for the presidential debates to allow advisers and for them to take time to think the question through .
the internet has been around for a while now why are n't candidates debating on internet forums all throughout the campaign where they can take their time to answer and think things through ?
they can have more in-depth answers and rebut their opponents point-by-point .
what 's everyone 's thought on the zaryte bow ?
it was never overpowered and was a lot of fun to use .
i was called and i quote a devil worshipper . ''
found it pretty coincidental because i was playing devil may cry 4 .
i was at school with my laptop playing dmc and some grade nine calls me a devil worshipper .
i hear it all the time but i never really see it .
the outside world has never given me this advice or at least not given this advice without it being part of a greater package of self improvement .
the core non-rp dating advice is very similar to the core rp dating advice .
get in shape dress well self improve gain hobbies and confidently assert yourself in the dating market .
where does the just be yourself '' boogey man advice come from ?
i need to vent and this is the only place i feel comfortable doing it probably because none of you know me and wo n't then look down upon me in person .
i 'm probably just gon na lay here and write shit for a while buckle up .
i 've just got home from a night out and i 'm on a downer .
a friend of mine keeps telling me that i need to get myself a girlfriend i need to meet someone .
i ca n't and i do n't fucking want to .
i do n't like meeting new people it sets off my anxiety and i fucking hate it .
you need to find yourself a nice girl '' blah blah blah .
i do n't want to be in a relationship and i do n't think anyone would want to be in a relationship with me i have nothing to offer .
i 'm not good looking at all i do n't have a job i live with my grandparents and i 'm like this ... what sane person would want a relationship with that ?
so i 'm laid here in bed listening to music moose blood if anyone is interested and it 's brought back thoughts of my ex .
it 's been a year since we split up and i have n't really thought about her in a while .
when we split up i never got closure from her that 's the thing that still pisses me off .
i just wonder if she 's alright and getting on with life i do n't know why .
yet when i listen to this album and the song i hope you 're miserable '' comes on i sing it to '' her and genuinely fucking mean it .
earlier this year i started but after a few sessions they told me someone else 's time was more important than mine .
my lack of trust for people even the little i had was instantly gone .
i 'm getting to the stage when it 's getting really bad again though so i think i should probably go back and try to help myself .
i often feel like breaking down and just emotionally exploding yet i feel like i ca n't because of my family .
feel like bursting out into a flood right now .
i just fucking hate myself and everything about me .
hope you 're all feeling better than i do x
psn huxilliam we are both chill looking for a relaxed run just to learn the raid thanks
my steam http steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197993710502 already sold 3 pins buyer went first can provide proof if needed i´m not going first if you´re still interested or need more proofs send me a pm or add me on steam .
can alice 's god 's art ability only be copied once ?
or does copying it include the option to copy meaning that i can deal 500 damage to a creature for each 1 void will i can make ?
does that mean the ability has to have the black activate box or are any abilities that require a cost counting as an activate ability ?
aka can i glimpse in order to negate deathscythe 's tap ?
willing to ship across north america so please do n't be shy !
it seems that you get better buys per ozt .
looking ahead to the day when i might want/need to sell some of my stack is there some point where it gets hard to sell because of size ?
ps i happen to have a lot of 1ozt rounds and bars right now .
first just going to say i have n't gained this many chromosomes while on reddit .
the fact that payday 2 a small co-op game has been maintained with new dlcs for 2 years is incredible not many other developers can say they have done the same .
now all the sudden when the developers release microtransactions the same seen in tf2 and cs go which everyone is fine with everyone goes ape shit and rages .
the microtransactions involve gun skins you can barely even see and they add nothing to the game .
well there kid have fun with that 4 stability bonus !
also no one has the right to complain about stat boosts if this game is not pvp .
like ... what the hell should n't you be glad your teammate has better stats even if it did increase damage ?
anyway thank you overkill for releasing an awesome game and providing free and paid content to the community .
you made all the severely autistic people leave and uninstall the game .
because you know payday 2 now is apparently a waste of bandwidth '' pay2day '' and now just a shit game '' .
i love the smell of chromosomes in the morning !
wow i just made complete bait while being serious .
do you guys remember routine '' https www.youtube.com/watch ? time_continue=19 v=iacad1fuiy8 ?
it is/was an indie horror game set on the moon on the same vein as soma .
this game was announced in 2013 got greenlit on steam but it seems like it disappeared from the map since then .
started a new vault barely 2 hours into the game and i just completed one objective and i 'm supposed to click on it to claim the rewards when it crashes once i click on it .
i installed a few tweaks like fancy and lockglypth noticing that fancy does n't work and has entered me in safe mode .
now in normal mode it does n't open but in safe mode it does .
this has happened twice now and i would have to delete cydia sub and installer just to get it back to working .
recently danny ings injured his acl while training how bad is it besides just being out for 6 months ?
so if anyone remembers it there was the art genie awhile ago .
from my understanding the creator made it by having people suggest pictures and he then came up with choices based off of the picture itself .
basically you all submit some pictures and i will use them to create a cyoa in a similar vein to the art genie one .
this will only work of course if enough pictures are submitted .
if submitting a picture please make sure it 's okay to use in a cyoa .
additionally no nudity no extreme blood and guts and nothing offensive .
anyways if you all are interested just submit some links to pictures you want me to use in this thread .
if anyone has any ideas or thoughts about this let me know .
i 'd like some advice and general knowledge about them .
i 've had geckos for awhile and would like to start on another lizard species .
plus i heard about there wonderful personalities that geckos just do n't have .
let me just say that before i made this post i at least looked at the oh so reliable ?
void key drop list http warframe.wikia.com/wiki/void_keys/bykey/tower_iv to make sure this has n't always been a thing .
so a friend and i were grinding out our last elytron part when our 2 pubs decided to abandon us at the end of wave 1 .
because we 're men we stuck it out and finished wave 4 only to be rewarded with this shit http imgur.com/ptlyfje .
my friend and i have been having a lengthy debate about the color of ricks hair .
i say it 's a light blue almost a periwinkle while he says it 's grey .
this hotel is filled with drug dealers crackheads prostitutes and all the bugs you can imagine !
if so come on down to the regency hotel .
if you do come and stay and you inevitably get bitten by the nasty things living in the mattress management will barely do a thing for you .
we were downgraded from our king room with at least a tv no mini-fridge or microwave to a double room with a beat up blood stained mattress and box spring no television though it came with a mini fridge and microwave .
given the status of everything else here i 'm afraid to use them for fear of death or dysentery even the ice machines are completely gutted .
the back door is shattered from a recent fight since it 's locale attracts that type of stuff outside their doors .
there was no chance at getting any sort of reimbursement unless we checked out at 2 am with nowhere to go .
they would n't even clean our clothing and luggage that we brought into this roach motel .
oh there was one positive at least the security guard is nice he 'll try to help you as much as possible do n't count on that being too much though unfortunately he 's not management .
if you are like us and tempted by the cheap price listed online stay far far away .
maintenance does n't even have enough trash bags to spare two bags .
when i asked him he was nice enough to grab their very last bag .
the wifi here only works half the time if that .
i also overheard some staff saying they were out of nearly everything for breakfast in the morning which was n't all that appetizing to begin with .
this is three nights and 166 later and we 've been dealing with this since about 11:30 pm the time is now 2:30 am .
i think even the crackheads here deserve better i would n't even recommend it to crackhead boo-boo .
seriously guys i 'm covered in at least 15 bed bug bites complete with rashes do n't fuck with this shithole .
supposedly the owners are millionaires but i highly doubt that considering they work their front desk have only one functioning dryer and several of the entrance doors are completely non functioning or locked with chain and padlock .
i 'm almost certain this place wo n't be around much longer considering they could n't even spare 6 for two loads in their own coin-op laundry after being assaulted by their army of bugs .
tl dr this place is a bed bug infested dive hotel full of drugs hoes and shitty managers who wo n't do anything to reconcile .
i 'm writing to you not to tell you that i still hate you just to ask you how you feel .
i 'd ask you if you missed me but i already know the answer .
yeah i saw you finally married her last year .
i still remember 12 years ago when you told me you proposed to her and i was so excited i made a up a fake wedding announcement to show you .
i could n't wait to be in your wedding .
but you just laughed and said i spelt her name wrong and i was embarrassed .
so did it bother you that your only biological child was n't there after all ?
i want just a teenager it was your responsibility and it still is .
the fact that you have never once even tried to contact me in the past ten years shows how selfish you are .
and the fact that i care so much drives me crazy .
why did you come back into our lives if you were just going to abandon us again ?
does it bother you that you have no idea what i 'm doing now ?
it used to make me happy knowing that i could deny you those things but now i realize that you do n't even care about them so i just feel depressed .
i wish you never came back into my life .
i wish i could make you feel everything you have made me feel .
you are so selfish you can not feel pain .
the only love you feel is between you and your bank account and i feel sorry for you .
it 's not ok and we 're not alright .
but i 'm writing just to let you know i 'm still alive .
thanks to me keeping on getting to atleast quarter finals in cl and a good ai run !
gardiola he was actually the manager of ajax lasnamäe from 2014 to 2013 april !
managed to win the estonian cup fa cup in 2019 granting him euro cup spot despite finishing shittily 2025-2029 finishes were 11-13th spots in the league and in april he was around 17th spot with ajax lasnamäe ...
i think he was going progressively worse with the team and about to get fired .
he took over infonet a team that has been on the edge of top 5 for for a decade .
unfortunately they have had 9 managers in 15 years .
so he left ajax lasnamäe before possibly getting sacked for a better team that fired their manager for falling outside continental spots .
and to my surprise gardiola went 4w-2l and grabbed them the 5th spot !
i think his style of football is not so good in this patch .
he lost all the matches in euro cup group .
he 's been doing very strong but always fell off in the second half of the season .
but in 2030 he gave a really good run and finished 3rd almost getting 2nd ...
need another team to get a loss or a tie .
he has spent some hard cash so i think it will be nice to see him in europe .
antselotti after solid close around 5th finishes he finally got concordia audentes promoted in 2030 .
he is still with paide lm and they just built a new stadium .
right now i think he 's not fired because well you raised our profile a lot and maybe this was just a bad year '' .
2028 lost to aletico in euro cup quarter finals the only year they have made it out of the groups .
venger in 2026 as he got relegated with ganvix another team that got relegated but for the first time in their time hired him .
he won the first league to get trans promoted again and now has finished as 13th and 14th for 3 years .
kloop jürgen kloop got fired by tulevik in 2027 .
because he failed to bring them into top 10 and finished 15th twice .
after 2 years jobless he got hired by a team that has fought its way up from third league in 2019 second league in 2024 .
now his first season with them in first league they finished 4th .
and astonishing improvement but not enough to get promoted on his first season .
junai emeri 2 years jobless he got hired in 2025 by noorus-96 a team in second league .
staying for a year from christmas to christmas he left for a better team võru .
another team in the second league that he got promoted in 2 and a half years .
after getting them promoted he joined tarvastu a team that played in first league but got relegated in 2029/30 ... . why would junai emeri leave võru a team getting promoted into first league for a team that got relegated from first league ?
stayed a year in premier league got them relegated ... . and got offered a job by tallinna kalev a team that in 2027 had ambitions ... . and alleegri is an ambition man !
in his first season with tallinna kalev he finishes 3rd .
the second season he finishes 7th having identical gd and points as the 6th .
in his euro cup year he failed to make it out the groups .
mantsini 2024 he picked up valga in the second league .
the last time valga was in premier league was 2014/15 season .
mantsini has consistently improved the side let 's see what he 's going to do with his new reputation as a club resurrector and tough premier league football .
villa boa the man whos career i thought destroyed proved me wrong .
he got hired by ülikool in the third league .
he got them promoted on his first season while ülikool had showed no promotion promise earlier !
stayed for a mediocre year in second league and left them for tallinna kotkad saving them from relegation in the second league whilst ülikool got relegated .
the manager of irbis has improved and finally gotten his team european football .
the entire club history is a small upward curve every year being a slight improvement over last .
consistency seems to be the key to keeping ones job .
failed because he 's not really mourinho nor is he contained .
left flora for shakhtar in 26 managed to win cl in 29 .
well good on him ... but itd be better if he improved his own country 's club .
im going to be taking a longer break now .
estonia is 2 good seasons away from leapfrogging from 4th to 1st in coefficients .
my best players are close to retiring hell some are already retiring .
i intend to resign when my club legends retire and going on the pentagon challenge or whatever .
and after i 've won all that there 's to win on all the continents i 'll return to estonia to see how they are doing .
i wish there was some easy ingame manager comparing window so i could post visual pictures instead p
i too will leave a parting gift before i am gone from this subreddit forever .
i frequently post here and in fireteams under a different name .
i 'm not posting this on my original account because i feel a great sense of shame .
shame because destiny acted as a catalyst to problems in my own life to make it worse i was aware the entire time and did nothing .
i feel there is a huge problem in this game and ultimately has resulted in me putting destiny down for good .
just to give you a heads up this post will have ranting in it and i hope that with my ranting some of you may yet understand that the game you hope for is not the game you are going to ever play .
i 'm a day one player with over 1500 hours into the game .
600 on my titan 500 on my warlock and 400 on my hunter this is literally equivalent to two whole months 62.5 days
why ca n't i play this game any longer ?
well bungie has employed addictive hooks of sorts into their game continues to do so and in turn i refuse to support this by not continuing to play .
people will argue and say that it happens all the time it happens with everything it 's just life .
so anyway let 's take that out of the equation for a second .
some of you paid 80 200 dollars for the original destiny collectors edition .
then you paid another 50 dollars for the season pass
and finally you paid another 70 150 dollars for the taken king .
that 's around 200 400 for this game if you bought all those things and have been here since d1 .
now while this is n't too big of an issue for most at the moment keep in mind .
i think by the time this ride is over many of you will spend close to a thousand dollars or more on destiny .
then some of you will say that this is alright because you will get your moneys worth out of the game it will provide you with hours of fun !
to those people and everyone else that 's okay if you do not agree with my points !
if you genuinely believe you are enjoying your time playing destiny please by all means continue to play and enjoy your time being a guardian and i hope this journey is everything you hope it to be !
for those of you like me who were or are unsure at some point if they truly wanted to play the game or not or have gotten burnt out of it .
while i played destiny my original game plan was to get all the best gear and all the right stuff so that i could then in turn act as a helpful guardian a sherpa someone who could devote their time to helping other guardians into getting things like the elusive black spindle being with them simply to help pass the time while farming exotic sword materials or just to do strikes with .
destiny will reset the progress you make so that you will continue to play and repeat the cycle .
what i mean by that is ... look at year 1 and then we 'll look at year two .
although you think that progress was made with the infusion system .
they will do the same thing they did to year one when year 3 arrives .
not all exotics will be infuseable into the next year .
you will have to grind and chase again to get to the next highest level .
something i should have done a long time ago was ask myself simply.. why ?
why am i grinding and chasing what am i spending my time on ?
the real issue i have is that i have spent over 60 days playing and have or will have 0 to show for it .
guardians who spent any time playing in year 1 only have a tiny list of things they have that year twoers or threers will get .
you have some shaders and emblems that other people ca n't get .
you ca n't do anything with your old gear and if you 're keeping it you will find it difficult to do so because there is n't enough vault space to keep your old collectibles anyway .
your old weapons are only effective in crucible old raids or the old strikes and poe .
not too not ib not the new raid not the new strikes or the raids and strikes yet to come .
the sparrow will become pointless eventually better ones will replace it .
the shader and emblem are purely cosmetics and everyone has differing opinions .
essentially players of year one have very little to show for it .
while some people can argue that this is just the nature of games like this .
this is the game path bungie has set out .
what i can do is remind those people who are chasing and grinding and working towards something that perhaps just maybe they forgot what they 're doing or why they are doing it and they feel like they just do it because .
if you are not having fun playing this game or are not sure if you like it or want to play it etc or even if you are .
do you want to spend months of your life that you will never get back on a game that will give you very little in return ?
a game that was designed to keep you playing and in the state that you are ?
destiny employs several techniques in order to keep its players playing the game for longer .
think iron banner or the dailies or weeklies do you have to play more because you need to do the daily for lmarks or the nightfall for a chance at an exotic or need some iron banner drops ?
eg i have done the raid every week on my titan since ttk dropped and still do not have full raid gear or all the weapons and from the amount of moldering shards i have seen drop and heard about from this community ... yeah it 's understandable .
would you still play if you aquired all the gear ?
destiny has many guns and weapons to collect but you can only use 3 guns at a time and 7 pieces of armour not to mention you 're only typically going to wear one set raid till the next dlc anyway and yet there exists a huge range .
you can say to your buddys that you have it ?
most of the things in this game are just exclusive and rare for the hell of it and i 'd argue that you could get by with just the same things over and over again .
this is more abstract but think about this game if you were to play it alone let 's say every other player was a robot .
would you be able to find it fun if you played alone ?
are you just playing this to play with somebody online ?
there 's probably more but writing this is burning me out .
what i 'm trying to get across to you is n't that bungie is the most evil developer in the world because let 's face reality here a lot of companies do this .
do n't believe that you are more to bungie that just a consumer of their product .
why do you think they will listen to you about your problems with the game ?
they need you to play it buy it tell other people about it etc .
although bungie might be proud of their creation and all that .
at the end of the day they got ta pay the bills their publishers need to get paid etc etc .
here 's how the next few weeks will go .
some glitches will be fixed asap because it angered the playerbase .
the strangecoin/weapon part nerf will be fixed because it angered the playerbase and a lot of players are leaving the game for good because of this they simply do not have enough time to commit anymore .
iron banner will be fixed for the next time .
it goes on and on and on and on and on and on .
you 're never going to get the real prime 100 best experience you could out of this game and that 's because bungie is still actively trying to slow the progression of players down as much as they can so they can milk you as hard as they can .
so they 'll fix it i 'll bet on it .
it 's still going to be sitting right at that limit though .
now they know exactly what is too much so they 'll put it right behind that not too much though or ya know players would find it too easy to get things and would n't play the game as much .
i know i 've addressed many different points all over the place apologies i 'm not a writer by trade .
if you feel like you are addicted to destiny stop playing and do not look back this game is designed like others to hook you in and keep you here .
can you justify spending the time on destiny ? are you genuinely enjoying your experience do you know why you are playing the game do you want to spend even more money on the game as this cycle will continue for the rest of its lifespan .
sometimes real life no matter how bad things get needs the work and attention it deserves .
i usually use a dark theme to view reddit .
a little while ago on this sub it switched back to the white background .
anywhere else i go on reddit it switches back to the dark theme .
am i doing something wrong or is this out of my control ?
hey guys i 've been pretty active in this sub for a while now and i genuinely enjoy giving advice and trying to make a positive difference in people 's lives .
i do n't know where to start but honestly i think most of it comes from loneliness .
i 'm 35 male moderately attractive 6.5-8 depending on the day employed and i 'm a musician/artist .
lately it just seems like people do n't like me .
i 'm one of the most friendly positive and thoughtful people you could ever meet and i 'm only saying this for context not trying to brag .
if you met me at a coffee shop or at a bar you would think 'man this guy is really outgoing and has his shit together ' .
my friend group is a bit younger mostly in their late 20s .
i try to be outgoing when it comes to dating ... i ask for girls ' numbers and i 'm not shy about it .
almost 100 of the time a girl will give me her number if i ask and agree to hang out or meet up for a drink .
this week alone i 've asked 3 girls for their numbers all 3 have given their numbers to me all three have said that they 'd love to meet up and have a drink with me all 3 have flaked .
i want to stay positive and have a high level of self esteem but i have to admit 3 passive rejections in a row definitely made me feel bad about myself .
i 'm not suicidal and i do n't think i need professional counseling .
i just do n't know what i can do to feel better about myself .
i might be a little too reliant on female companionship for my happiness but it 's hard not to be .
i see so many happy couples around me and it makes me jealous and depressed .
i know it 's silly but i just always feel like 'why ca n't i have that ? '
anyway i appreciate any feedback you guys can give me .
i feel like i 'm really good at giving advice but when it comes to myself i 'm completely lost .
recently i asked for a solo game recommendation and i ended up buying space hulk death angel .
it has turned out to be a very nice game .
played it several times and it continues to come out when i need to play something quick .
now i wanted to see if there were other solo games to buy .
so im just look for a group of guys that like to hang out naked together .
i just like to hang naked with dudes watch a movie talk hang .
i see finn balor retaining against apollo crews at some point in a few weeks during an nxt taping .
following the match as finn is celebrating in the ring out comes hideo itami .
the following week itami comes down to the ring and reveals the identity of his attacker to be finn balor .
finn comes out and clobbers him turning heel and setting up a match at takeover in london .
itami goes over finn in said match and becomes nxt champion .
i run into this problem every time i 'm dealing with greenscreen footage my edges look disgusting whenever there 's motion blur .
i 've watched every keylight tutorial i can find but none of them seem to address this issue .
if anyone knows of a solution then please share !
just thought i 'd share with you all my talent for standing on balls .
i know the scales but how do i use them over a chord progression ?
for example if i am in the key of cmaj and playing c-g-am-f and i want to solo over it do i just stay in the cmaj scale or do i change scale every time the chord changes ?
if the second do you move the whole scale or do you just go to another shape of the c major scale ?
he was over a dark spot on the rug .
there was a dark spot on the rug because his son built and painted model cars when he was young and one day he was n't as careful .
norman was still because he felt a sharp pain in his chest and his mind had him imagining a norman who had suddenly stopped for good and all .
the pain had happened when norman was walking across the room to let norman back in .
norman decided to move and told himself not to be silly .
pain was everywhere and the rotten truth was that sometimes it meant nothing at all .
norman was n't mad when his son had n't been as careful and made a spot on the rug not even the least little bit .
he was more scared than anything because norman thought his son might think he was mad and be scared of him .
norman made a point to smile big when he said it was okay .
while norman purred at his legs norman looked at the spot on the rug .
if i would have stopped right then for good and all he thought and then stopped himself .
all right so i bought some phillips hue a10 bulbs and really liked them .
so then i added alight fixture that used a bunch of gu-10 bulbs in a separate room and figured they would work similarly well .
and im not sure if its something im doing wrong or what .
from the app it appears to not possible to have different settings for different builbs if i choose a scene that scene applies to all bulbs .
i was hoping to be able to have different scenes for different rooms .
but when it comes to the tap it appears to be the same problem .
and it does not appear that the tap can be assigned to a specific bridge or specific group of lights .
i would like you all to send me images of horse cock horse cum horses fucking girls i would also love for you all to tell me how to fuck a horse in detailed instructions
i love horse cocks and anything to do with them is welcomed i would also love to hear you experience with horses fantasies are also welcome
just send me a pm and i 'll get back to you thanks dpp
hubby is bringing it over from the us to asia
i want to compile a list of dancing shibas .
i have 1 video here has anyone seen any more ?
if you can post a dancing shiba video here i will add it to my list and send to my partner when it 's ready .
hey guys someone keeps changing the https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/alan_watts main picture to him as a child and removed a lot of the pictures from the page .
can someone change it back to a proper more respectful img ?
i 'm not good with wikipedia and have n't edited or used an account in a long time .
permanents dealt damage by archon of imprisonment are exiled .
when archon of imprisonment leaves the battlefield unless it is exiled return all permanents exiled with it to the battlefield .
w w w w w w archon of imprisonment gains first strike until end of turn .
b b b b exile archon of imprisonment you gain 1 life .
as the description says i have 2 x spare tickets to the screening of the 'short film award programme 1 ' at the london film festival today .
1 ticket is a student ticket the other is an adult ticket .
genuine reason for sale and now can not attend but i 'd rather the tickets do n't go to waste .
the face value of the tickets is £25 each however i am selling them both for £10 .
i have the tickets in-hand and can meet the buyer in central london before the screening .
full details of the film are on the bfi 's website .
1 do n't point your gun towards people if you not gon na shoot them
2 keep you fingers off the freaking trigger dude !
you can still populate the earth because the opposite sex is not changed to match yours .
i 'm looking at starting hrt with dr webberley soon .
she offers a comprehensive plan for those who have n't yet been approved by a gic i 'd be waiting more than a year if i left it up to charring cross .
i earn very little at the moment though and as much as i 'd like to i 'm not sure i 'd be able to afford laser hair removal on top of paying for hormones .
i know that chx currently offers eight sessions of hair removal .
i really want to progress with my transition by taking hormones but i 'd prefer not to have nasty facial hair problems too my face really dislikes it when i shave a lot .
the entire video is just a guy a talking over various scenes .
the premise of the video is that the world is going to be hit by an unstoppable comet in like 17 years so the government hires this guy to record the entire history of the human race .
he is offered anything he wants while he is at work and a seat on a shuttle that would save a few people from dying .
i remember that at one point he runs out of storage space so he has to cut a lot of stuff out .
then he has a sort of crisis of who he should cut out and why one person was more important than another .
finally at the end he has to say goodbye to his wife who does n't have a seat on the shuttle by saying that he 's going to work .
however that is the day that the comet finally strikes earth .
after killing a automaton tracer it dropped a pair of pneumatic gloves .
can anyone tell me of this game works with a usb xbox type controller or does it only work with keyboard ?
hi all so my mum is an accountant and she has been using a shitty hp laptop for the past seven years .
it 's on it 's last legs here and i want to build her a micro atx machine .
since christmas is coming up and i do n't want her going out and buying an overpriced logo .
just something zippy and fast for her using excel and the odd game of solitaire minesweepers etc .
while watching some no man 's sky videos today i thought what is the point in killing creatures other then for fun or self-defense ?
there really is no confirmed reason to kill any creatures as they do n't give you anything when killed .
that got me thinking about creature bounties what if each planet could generate a bounty board of the rarest and/or most dangerous creatures for the player to hunt on that planet and gain rewards in the form of units and/or resources for doing so ?
do you like the idea of hunting rare and/or dangerous creatures on planets ?
he is one of the best strikers in the ufc but how do you think he will fare in a kickboxing contest ?
jobless and close to quitting my volunteer work which i only do 3 days a week .
should be looking for jobs but do n't even if it 's to keep my centerlink payments .
failed a semester at university twice not because i 'm not smart enough but because of procrastination and avoiding classes to sleep in the library .
it was pretty hard on my parents when i did that as i am living with them .
can i ever break out of this pit i dug myself into ?
even if i went back to uni could i bring myself to study again ?
or has my mind been deteriorating since i have done nothing with it except fanfiction and video games ?
could i ever find a job i did n't suck at that i actually tried to work hard at ?
will things be like this forever because i refuse to change ?
i ca n't even bring myself to develop my drawing .
and i blame my anxiety lack of motivation my natural laziness my possible depression and possible aspergers syndrome .
and hey mum and dad can pick up the pieces right ?
no matter how much of drain it is on them i 'm always rescued from the consequences of my actions .
i know i do n't bother to try and fix the things that need fixing .
and i want to hate myself to beat myself up emotionally because when i do that people take pity on you and they go easy on me .
i used to be the smart one the imaginative one the well-behaved one .
now look at what i 've done to myself .
wallowing in the mud and refusing to get myself out or let other people help me help myself .
i 'm a selfish lazy whiny bitch that fishes for people to say nice things to me so i 'll feel better maybe feel like what i 've done to my life is not my fault .
we adopted our brittany wesley when he was 8 weeks old .
his old routine was wake about 4:30-5:30am to go outside and pee/poop .
then back in his kennel for about 30 minutes before he would whine to get up again for food .
he would eat then back in his kennel until we got up .
we did n't want him to be getting up the second time so after reading about people with similar issues here the consensus is to let him cry it out .
i thought it would be about a week or maybe 2 .
it 's now going on 4 weeks and i do n't know what to do .
we let him cry until we get up which is about 7 or 7:30 .
currently he 's in his pen and has been crying for an hour .
this is n't little squeaks it 's full on crying you can hear it all over the house .
we do n't talk to him while he 's doing it from what i read it is giving him attention and that reinforces the crying .
we have n't slept though the night in 7 months and i do n't know how much longer we can take it .
so i woke up today and found this on my arena def history .
what 's the best way of writing a spec when the show is serialized ?
do you attempt a stand alone episode or just try your best at guessing where the show might go ?
the card is an xfx gts 250 https www.techpowerup.com/vgabios/73853/xfx-gts250-512-091014.html .
i really do n't want to buy a new card if i do n't have to .
i could get unibeast 6 clover eufi with injected nvidia to install without a problem .
i would love any suggestions as i am really stuck now !
i was wanting to know if it is possible to convert a 1952 douglass dc-3 into a seaplane .
i have just come into one and was wanting to know if this is possible .
or if it is possible to convert any plane into a sea plane .
only saw half the 2nd and 3rd but fuuuuuuuuuuck yeaaaaaaah
you know i do n't think it 's because of the actress .
she does seem to play her role well but that character is just so hard to get behind and i say that as a person who lives for duality in characters .
the character is just so ... dumb though.. maybe not dumb just irrational ?
well when a soap company buys you it should n't be that surprising that your product starts tasting like soap .
i think they 're looking for several analysts since they want more freelance analysts to be on board .
blue jays hanging in it '' i mean they have n't scored once .
please re-submit your support question in the weekly community support thread https www.reddit.com/r/steam/about/sticky !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/steam if you have any questions or concerns .
i have an i5-4690k and it 's a bit slow in the game probably traffic though
roddy jones in the background after the second play is what makes it .
shrug i do n't know the extent of ben 10 's abilities .
i did a google but there 's a lot of feats and i do n't quite have the time to go through them atm .
as if eating my snacks was n't bad enough now you 're eating out my friends ? ''
oh that was brilliant and i loved the set up to that
stream advertising is allowed only as a part of a large event .
all other stream promotion should go to r/lolstreams unless it 's a charity stream
have a question or think your post does n't break the rules ?
message the mods http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fleagueoflegends or discuss it on leagueofmeta r/leagueofmeta .
do n't you ever apologize for a bill and ted reference .
that makes sense though the natural wonder giant mushroom would have to be noticeably different from the marvel giant mushroom .
perhaps a different color and be shorter or possibly a grouping of 3 building-sized toadstools on a tile instead of 1 giant fungus bigger than most cities ?
natural wonders give bonuses to those who find them sometimes occur in groups like the great barrier reef and give yields when their hex tiles are worked by a city .
the fungal natural wonder might occur in groups of 1-3 on adjacent tiles with 1 such group on a duel map and up to a dozen on a massive map .
lush biomes might get dense jungles or giant trees .
dense jungles would be difficult to work with provide 1 or 2 food 1 production and 1 culture or 1 science without base terrain yield and come with movement penalties but offer defensive bonuses though non-harmony players might need to clear miasma .
giant trees could provide 1 food 2 production 2 science and 2 culture and offer defensive bonuses and 1 floatstone unobtanium ftw .
i 'm picturing a lush planet covered in unbreathable miasma with vast forests interspersed with alien nests sitting on top of 6-10 xenomass dense jungles and giant trees vast plains and grasslands with occasional giant trees rare deposits of 1-3 firaxite near mountain ranges and canyons or in the middle of the sea and a coastal mountain range chock full of deposits with 8-10 floatstone !
everyone 's so desperate to be seen that they resort to violence and murder to do so .
it 's spread all over the world that way .
they 're despised and yet people on an international basis see their faces all over media/news outlets .
though in saying that that 's only one reason amongst many .
i think mistweavers are pretty good in cms cause they can swap to fistweaving they do the 2nd most damage for healers with chi torpedo also
it 's funny how people see them selfs as important like who do you think you are for the government to be at all concerned with your opinion and with what you own .
while pewdiepie relies on blue humor pretty much all of the time that does n't make him stupid or a bad person .
also considering mark actually has an engineering degree he 's not only morally wrong but factually as well .
and even if he was right that does n't make being an asshole right .
i know ... .it 's kind of sad that no one place has really tried to get that audience .
i mean i would go out and spend money every now and then but i watch every single game .
would be cool to have somewhere play it on a big screen too !
bed is not level and z is too low .
if you are using a heated bed do n't use blue tape .
that is very cool to imagine dusknoir takes it too another dimension and beats up on it for a bit .
maybe he 's mellowed out but the way he was when he was younger and based on his family i think it 's more likely that he 's going to be one of the more conservative members .
still i was out of gp for good before he got elected so i suppose he 's not my problem .
you 're right in that it 's gotten more urban but not in a way that i liked .
the script was airplane-ish insofar as it was joke after joke after joke .
what really pushed it over the edge was the actors .
i also think it 's funny because it 's pointing a finger back at the entertainment industries own sense of self-importance .
i mean really if it were n't for acting what would ben stiller have become ?
ok i 've never considered them rare when most people i know have one ...
hmmm minus a shift or 2 we 've been pretty flat footed .
you are to close with your mossie the closer you are the slower the turn or the more you have to turn in order to get them to track it .
put them both at 150m so we can see if this is really a bug or not .
if they try and stop you well they are clearly guilty .
i am just posting to get a response from jagex about the crap they passed as amazing and their artist going all out on it .
well now i know that if i ever need to solve a problem i 'll just drive out to a warehouse chain-smoke and binge-drink and then dance my ass off until i get bored/find a solution .
on the other side could we please get the apple merchant to actually sell us apples ?
i have to go to morrisville tomorrow when are you leaving ?
i also want to see what your company has to say on inflation and the economics of my country .
well i guess that 's a way you could interpret murdered .
i believe murder has an element of malicious intent which the father did n't have .
the only successful people i know who did n't go to college are highly skilled tradesman .
that stuff is not easy and is really hard work and they spent a lot of time on it and do really well .
the it people i 've met over the years without degrees were just kind of mediocre or missed the point and were focused on technical skills or memorization of technical stuff and missed the boat on professional level it work .
it 's kind of like the people who assemble cars in detroit not understanding those cars were designed by engineers and the assembly lines were designed by engineers and they think they the assembly line workers are who makes it possible to have a car .
babe did you really spend all of our money on madden packs ?
my stomach was hurting just thinking of going into ot when there were like 5 minutes left in the third period
faker is 20 average and westdoor is 20 average .
now lets establish some facts and see what happens .
on average lets assume they play each other a significant amount of times westdoor will be further behind faker than anyone other midlaner because faker has the highest cs differential .
so far i doubt anyone has any disputes with those facts in our hypothetical scenario .
1 and 3 are just facts of the hypothetical scenario set forth and 2 is agreed upon by both formulas .
now according to you and these established facts westdoor will only lose to faker by an average of 20 cs will lose to everyone else less than 20 cs and will have an average loss of 20 cs .
these are very simple and straightforward statements that can be comprehended by a five year old and undoubtedly prove the statement wrong .
so please tell me again how the logic is very sound .
if you want you can substitute make faker 16 and then you would be claiming westdoor averages 20 but only loses to faker by 18 and loses to everyone else by less than 18 an even more illogical statement then the hypothetical scenario but is what the op and you are suggesting is true .
driving in the wee hours of he morning where you have the roads to yourself .
if i were protected by ss then i would treat them as a qb treats the guys that protect him .
it had the nice side effect of mellowing out most of the fanbase though .
we only stopped for bathroom breaks fueling and once for waffle house .
we were in mistubishi and we were going 5 to 10 over most of the way and a few times way more than that .
we also had nearly zero traffic so we maybe got lucky .
but yeah we made it in less than a day .
though las cruces is only a few miles into nm .
also i do n't know if you had insane traffic or something but it should n't take 12 hours to get from houston to el paso .
i took a bus home that did it in 10 hours and in the car we drove the length of it in 8 and half .
i know a few smokers who have become sub elite runners ... so a quick puff wont affect them of course they have quit smoking years past
let 's just talk episode 's 1 and 2 then .
and also good old ian as palpatine definitely the two best performances in the prequels .
a lot of them are things that should have been in the game to begin with .
ordinator it is a fantastic perk overhaul that does n't have the compatibility issues that mods like perkus maximus has .
toggle helmet i did n't spend an hour making my character to cover her face up .
they are okay with an acquired taste but do n't have the same replay value as the heart of the album
a retarded duck that was just run over by an 18 wheeler
to me sheri moon is always the worst part of every zombie film .
that fellow in the background is the highest man i 've seen in a long time .
depends which is more psychologically distressing dealing with your insurer or taking a human life
about how he could in no way be responsible for a common insurance fraud situation .
see if there 's a cars and coffee group in your area if you 're looking for car friends .
i 've met a lot of people through it and it 's always a fun event on the weekend .
or if you 're ever in utah shoot me a pm and we can head up a canyon .
the photos are good though i liked the back lighting on a few and i really like some of the angles you got .
cars are hard to get technically correct in that kind of light so do n't stress it .
just take more pictures of that beauty because volvo 's do n't get represented enough in this sub !
you may mean bette page rather than betty davis .
i only have experience with the one this post is about .
it 's not a great control stick but it gets the job done .
i 'm sure there are better options out there if you 're willing to spend more .
the dcuii is just badly fitted this thing is straight up not powerful enough .
this only has 3 heatpipes even if they make perfect contact they will be completely overwhelmed .
not to mention the lethal toxins some corals produce .
zooanthids are some of the most poisonous polyps you can buy and it seems few owners know how dangerous they are .
i really enjoyed being a sign wielding god before .
my dad was an aircraft engineer working at the ual shops in san francisco .
he took our cub scout troop there for a tour .
we did n't get to ride one but saw it being used .
there 's actually an interview out there where heath says he was n't going to reprise the role again .
i was obsessed with everything related to him after the movie and his death and watched a shit ton of videos on him .
i remember him saying multiple times it was a one time thing .
if i can find it i 'll post the link .
do n't even visit this click-baity articles paid by marketing departments .
they got no useful information whatsoever and are incredibly dishonest .
my best is shaman even including the big 3 '' .
it used to be close between shammy and mage but my mage has fallen off a cliff since tgt after a golden run .
rogue has always been decent but not as consistently good as shaman .
paladin has improved a lot with tgt it was amongst my worst classes pre-tgt .
have n't really played hunter warlock or priest post-tgt .
i think a large part of the iphone battery jokes come from when apple refused to make their phones bigger for so long so they simply could n't keep up on battery life because there was no space in the phones .
now with the 6s and the 6s plus i phones are on an equal playing field for for battery space .
much ... lol a steering wheel is a steering wheel .
any fast driver on a cheap wheel will be a fast diver on an expensive wheel .
if you 're average and you get the best setup possible yeah you might become a faster average driver .
it 's like the obese runner that thinks better shoes will make him faster .
i looked at the top 20-15 posts at time of posting but there was nothing was posted re what it was shot on .
i had a plane go into a lake and float to shore over the next hour .
are you seriously taking into account hs into your betting ?
who told you it was illegal to put a camera on your own property ?
chinatsu 's va from yuru yuri really has a great voice range .
though this whole mini-arc is about getting misuzu to smile i checked and she actually does smile grin quite a bit .
just realised that there is like 3 of these guys at my school
he was unwilling to tackle real indian problems such as gender and caste violence .
instead he made a faustian pact with rich industrialists and decided to shove his oar into an already ongoing independence movement with the help of a regressive set of local elite from all over india congress party .
if he was against partition he would have fought jinnah tooth and nail .
i used ebates.ca for my surface book and got an email today saying i got 7 back even though the website showed 4 .
my favourites gimli glider flying on empty attack over baghdad and vanished/air france 447 .
i am taking calc 2 for the third time next semester so i feel your pain .
i had no idea there were so many geologist trolls .
humble bundle lets you either direct-download or torrent the games and music/whatever else you buy from them .
but jewish can also refer to people who identify as culturally/ethnically jewish even if they do n't practice judaism .
so i think that 's why they specify judaism .
yeah the author did a mistake there which is quite understandable since carson did describe it as early america '' and the nineteenth century '' right after a description from the 1830s .
anyway the rest of the argument the over-the-top and unsubstantiated nostalgia the complete lack of research still stands .
look up the symptoms on wikipedia and exaggerate your symptoms to the doctor .
that 's what i did just to make sure i got the prescription .
hi so he ran as admin repaired the launcher updated all windows drivers and it still does n't work .
different meta different styles different champions picks way too many factor to determined who 's the best team ever so the only real factors we can compared is achievements
i have no seen thorn or lord of wolves since 2.0 dropped .
and bad juju has a year 2 version ... .so that does n't count .
i 'm in pain just thinking about my body doing that .
the way mu is scored has changed over time and its precision varies place to place .
early in the game nov2012-mar2013 mu was scored by just averaging the population of the region under the cell captured .
in march 2013 the area under the points began to be factored in it was changed again with the addition of rare link amps further changed with the addition of very rare link amps and finally ended up at its modern state when the scoring regions were added to the game .
there have been some notable bugs with the mu system .
specifically around divide by zero/buffer overflow bugs caused when a portal was removed from a game or when a user made a field on portals that happened to fall in a geometrically straight line .
this resulted in tiny fields of less than a city block in size that might have a calculated mu of more than 100 trillion .
additionally geospatial data is calculated by the available precision of the population for that area .
in a place like new york city that might come down to a city block .
in somewhere like china the lowest you can get may be the provincial level .
source in person conversations with joe philley brian rose john hanke and several niantic/google devs .
there are a lot of birds that need homes the local spca also sometimes gets birds in .
the last episode of the last season was clearly a series finale .
i mean they shot the main character into deep space with no hope of return .
may seem like a lot but could be spent all on debts and a house in a stellar location maybe a car or two .
but you would n't have enough afterwards for family to ask for money .
really i know some millionaires and they 're not all that different .
you are insulting me and countless other dumbass weebs .
i imagine that is what my cat thinks he looks like .
honestly i did n't know that this was n't the case in other professional sports leagues .
i always just assumed that if you played one single game in any league or sport it should count as a full season for statistical purposes .
one time i took a manly dick it was really good .
maybe even better than the feminine dicks but i made sure to say no homo after so i know i 'm not a fag .
bernie needs to come out and say this more clearly though .
people have no clue and demagogues like trump and hillary can easily paint him as crazy
but it 's like a double edged sword because if i use a vibrator too often to orgasm then i 'm like what 's the point in sex ?
that 's not a good feeling to have because i love having sex with my boyfriend but he 's the only one who actually gets off from it .
as much as i love it i feel like he 's the only one who benefits from it .
the only benefit i get is feeling close to him .
is there a link to all of the extra scenes ?
this movie definitely ranks in my top 10 's as well .
i 'm not at home but if he came here right now that means someone 's an a heart attack or fell .
he straight up says they 're fake so 1. they 're not legal and 2. theyll be poor quality
well throughout college i had a lot of hippie friends who believed stuff like this though they never took it so far as to go out of their way to sit in the sun .
i learned that you kind of have to meet them if not right where they are then close to where they are .
first as most others here have said point out to her that even though the terminology is flawed the sunscreens she 's heard bad things about are chemical sunscreens .
emphasize to her that there 's another type of sunscreen mineral sunscreen that does n't contain those chemicals that she 's convinced are so dangerous even though they 're not .
in the meantime you might want to find suggestions for mineral sunscreens that do n't have a noticeable whitecast so that if she comes around she wo n't be immediately discouraged if they do n't work on her bonus points if you can find one with natural '' extracts like green tea or sunflower oil .
also most health food stores i 've been to will carry mineral sunscreens such as alba botanica or kiss my face brands .
if there are any in your area maybe you guys could schedule an outing to one and then you can casually point out the sunscreens though obviously call them ahead of time to make sure they do carry sunscreen !
one argument that worked really well on my hippie friends when they would laugh at me for sitting in the shade when we went to the beach was to point out the degradation of the ozone layer .
basically i would argue that human activities have caused the sun 's rays to be unnaturally harsh .
i 'd be all well you guys but the sun today is n't really the sun as it 's meant to be experienced by humans .
we 've caused such an unnatural degradation of the ozone layer that it 's not good for us like it used to be . ''
when feeling particularly dramatic i would compare it to contaminated water since you need water to live but if you drink water that 's toxic enough to be set on fire https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cuyahoga_river yeah you 'll probably die .
or at least you will if you 're a fish living in that water .
now obviously human activities have caused some fucked up issues with our ozone layer but i was never really entirely convinced that even pre-ozone degradation it would have been a great idea to sit in the sun for hours .
it got my friends to shut up though so i kept repeating it .
if all that fails i suppose you could suggest a vitamin c serum to her .
it can have a photoprotective effect on skin and there are a lot of natural companies that make them .
you may want to sell it to her based on its overall antioxidant properties though and not mention that it 's photoprotective since that might just encourage her to sunbathe even more .
and it 's kind of a flawed solution because most people are n't going to use vitamin c on every part of their bodies that 's exposed when sunbathing so it just depends on how far down the path of risk management you 're willing to go .
there are also a lot of diy recipes out there for vit .
c serums but most of them wo n't create a stable or effective serum .
basically if the instructions seem simple it 's probably not going to be effective .
anyhow these might be kind of strange recommendations but this is what 's worked for me .
this is a really frustrating and scary situation to be in .
if you ca n't remove it completely from your life ... it 's a problem '' so then family friends a place to live a multitude of things are all problems ?
no 3-4 times a week is not classified as an addiction since it 's the average .
comparing someone masturbating 6-7 times a day to someone who masturbates 3-4 times a week and saying both people are addicts is completely irrational .
as for the forced thing just look at the front page on here on any day of the week you 'll see multiple posts talking about how porn has singlehandley ruined their lives etc etc .
so no they may not be forced but if they want to better their lives they almost need to partake in this .
you 're last sentence confuses me however you say you set yourself aside form people who ca n't respect a person for their need to make a change what does this have to do with anything ?
the problem is n't not respecting someone for their need to make a change but lack thereof .
op is n't respecting people 's different life style choices as well as not respecting people who do n't want to make a change since it 's not a problem to them in the first place .
i sometimes wonder why all these people on reddit think they know exactly how much which organization pays which players in any region .
there 's no official canon '' ruling no licensed stuff that 's billed as official canon tm so people mostly talk about what 's canon for the show .
but i was addressing op´s title which implies the government censored it for political reasons .
blame feminism for making being a dominate male a hate crime to their feelings .
for the record i 'd hit on you in a new york minute .
i 'm not complaining about it to be honest it lets me clean the fuck up .
i date women from 20 to 49 is the oldest and its because some many men thinking being sensitive will some how make a woman horny .
edit also reddit is the land of sjw and you just pissed them off for showing how stupid their world views are .
it also pre-dated the printing press by about 300 years p
that was pretty funny just seeing this dude slide into view and across the freeway .
it 's just ripe for a deal with it '' gif .
it 's good but i think i might prefer tanqueray .
i need to do a side by side taste test
add a 4th one to it more possible options will come .
a well played 3 man team can allready win the game unless the rest of the team is uttershit .
not mono thunder though i do have the capability to form one .
my eden is evolved and lvl 50 atm but will probably just throw all extras on her as a just in case i can use her since i can just rainbow her later if i need the gp '' kind of thing ...
i feel like it 's going to be a huge tory turnout or everyone stays home but my money is on huge turnout .
no idea if it will happen but i always plan for the worst .
i also have some pretty big concerns about the jays game on overall turnout which helps the cpc .
if you find a cheap place to live student housing you can make do without working at any point in your education .
i agree with u/noble_delinquent that the ducks will rebound and kessler is second line so he does have potential .
i have n't been following l.a too closely but they have n't been doing well but he is still on the first line with kopitar and brown .
l.a usually does better as the season goes on but anaheim will likely rebound sooner and stay better throughout the season .
i ca n't root for the royals and having visited canada many times it 's only right to root for the blue jays .
they have dongerson price joey bats and the coolest knuckleballer ever .
i hope the royals have a heartbreaking series again .
i wonder how many pros end up with head injuries .
i recently watched the emperor 's new groove in spanish which is kinda cool because it takes place in peru .
the only downside is that the spanish audio an subtitles do n't match up .
who are you or anyone else to decide that ?
it does n't matter how many fans a team has what their record is or which opponent their playing it is the nfl 's duty to ensure that every team playing during the week has as close to an equal playing field as others .
purposefully slapping a ref who blew multiple calls and as punishment assigning him to another game is not equal .
it is saying that two teams matter less than two others .
having them on board was something as the pr guy i was able to sell '' to soccer journos to legitimize us .
i thought it was very well explained for a person with half a brain and found you to be irritating .
after looking at your post history i see you do this to everybody and must have some issue .
i 'll answer under the condition that you try to use logic and stop whining .
the political agenda that is being pushed by this article is the one that all cops firefighters emts and paramedics are racists which is just not true .
there is a very large controversy in the us with public relations with emergency personnel .
these people are trying to make this about race when it is really about a kid who was not in his right mind be it drugs or whatever and died due to a horrible accident .
i know y'all are into the private eyes era material but i wanted instead to put up something off abandoned luncheonette from a decade earlier .
on the plus side it sounds like he 's planning on continuing the 25 off sale until at least a little past when the sadex vinyl arrives .
kalamazad-v2 300 titan experienced have a 294 hunter with me
i 'm looking for the same thing now and a best place to open a business account .
na just 4 hours later after date time with the wife
they 're usually dried so they do n't rot .
actually i realized i 'm available tomorrow from 1pm to 7pm gmt+2 saturday so hopefully we can catch up otherwise sunday i 'm available the whole day
you can access unreal engine 4 in its entirety legally and for free .
well technically you ca n't access some parts of it for platforms like xbox and playstation but otherwise you 've got full source code .
the gist of it is that the engine handles generic rendering collision detection physics networking memory management and such .
ue4 specifically loads up a uproject '' file which tells it where to look for the game 's binary files which it loads and then executes parts of .
there 's also plain old ini configuration files that the engine reads to know what to load .
the game 's code then gets used to set up the ui the world and so on .
in essence engine startup code game code engine code .
the game code depends on the engine while the engine code knows nothing about the specific game only a generic interface that lets it delegate behavior to a game 's code which then leverages the framework that the engine provides to it .
i think you misunderstood my position on forced to take '' .
i was talking about the individual and their choices not about the perspective of an organization providing the service .
with the current standing a health insurance corporation is forced to take '' or rather provide for insurance coverage to anyone able to pay for it for a given coverage level .
they are not forced to '' provide coverage to a person unable to pay for it .
a hospital on the other hand is only forced to '' provide the minimum standard of viable care where by the person coming in wont die on their doorstep .
the hospital is not forced to '' provide the absolute best of care to an individual not able to pay for it .
there are all sorts of margins and point where by one can split hairs about the whole thing ... to a degree where the main issues becomes obfuscated .
the main issue being that for an individual having rights to '' something does not equal being forced to take '' .
aside from wars it still arguably influences government legislation not to mention the worldview of the public if everyone is comforted by the notion that god will protect everyone in the end .
i have some old cables that look like skinny snakes that just ate a few mice .
you keep a pool of objects you can use over and over .
one problem can be called the object cesspool . ''
this is when objects are returned to the pool but they 're not in a good state .
when they 're used again they still have some of the data from the last time they were used causing unexpected results !
this is what u/lordtrilink is talking about with his recycle method .
its job is to make sure that the object is ready for the next user to pick up .
i 'll do this and submit a copious amount of fcc complaints .
technically he said lady in the streets but a freak in the bed
group the number of requests to a series of evenly distributed categories like 3 6 9
so if you want to weigh the amount of effort involved simply divide the time by the impact
if it takes 2 hour to completed that project the effort is calculated at 22
if a low requested feature 3 takes 2 hours then the effort is higher 150 effort .
obviously the lower the impact the more effort it works out to but when you have a laundry list of these options it can be a good way to break them up if you can somehow quantify the impact of the items you 're dealing with .
however its absolutely naive to believe that he will somehow change his tune if he reaches the office .
and here we see the r/atheist in his natural habitat accusing people of being religious for disagreeing with him calling someone else a bigot '' for daring to suggest that not all religious people are stupid and blissfully unaware of the fact that he still possesses all the qualities of the religious people he has a pathological hatred for .
unfortunately most christians are the kinds of worthless bigots who hang out atheism chat rooms pretending to be atheists so they can concern troll . ''
i just do n't think this kind of thing reflects well on christians so i call it out when i see it .
your baseless assumption that i 'm an atheist demonstrates your own bigotry .
she enters the doorway of the shop still half outside and half inside .
it 's fine that tends to happen with hardcore threads .
i start off small with some light conversation and ask them stuff like what sort of things interest them their favorite food what music they like and things like that .
that 's the cleanest cupcake tin i 've ever seen .
if it 's not brand new tell me your secret .
i agree with you that timing makes a big difference .
i believe that what op is describing is fraud because i understand the intentions .
if someone bought something in good faith then returned it later it would not likely be considered fraud .
whether or not it looks like it to the company would depend on timing and the information they had .
they are letting a lot of contact go which is fine as long as they call it evenly later .
we apologize but this submission has been removed for violating the following rules in the r/sandersforpresident community guidelines https www.reddit.com/r/sandersforpresident/wiki/rules .
please read this comment in its entirety to learn what you ​*can*​ do to get this content posted in a manner consistent with the community guidelines .
5 no memes or image-macros advice animals and similar style pictures will be removed .
these include but are not limited to bernie on a dragon bernie with a trogdor tattoo or a dragon with bernie 's head photoshopped on .
serious graphic design is welcome and infographics are very valuable but all infographics must be sourced .
if you disagree with this removal please message the moderators at this link .
https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fsandersforpresident and provide a direct link to the submission that was removed and an explanation as to why you think it should not have been removed .
hateful insulting or otherwise obnoxious modmails will not be responded to .
please keep in mind that the op of this thread has chosen to mark this post with the serious replies only tag therefore any replies that are jokes puns off-topic or are otherwise non-contributory will be removed http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki .5bserious.5d_tags .
if you do n't fall within the scope the question is directed to please do not reply to the question as your comment will be removed .
if the question is bakers of reddit ... '' and you 're not a baker your comment will be removed .
all top-level replies need to be from someone who is in the group the question was asked to .
if you see others posting comments that violate this tag please report them to the mods !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
can you get it by just ordering the controller or does it have to be a steam link ?
funny how you lay out a best case scenario for college do your research '' but wo n't lend the same advice to running a business lol yeah .
in 2-4 years cleaning pools you gained enough knowledge to have endless '' options in running businesses ?
it recieved generally good reviews by the media 9 million people played it which makes for a success itself far more than any ea beta before the servers had very few if any hiccups and they were able to see the reported bugs and opinions of 2 million people .
the grey skies really enhanced the colour of the leaves .
you have a very nice hairy butt would totally love to get my face in there
if you pre-ordered it back in june they said that the first round of pre orders would ship a month before the official release .
knowing all the answers would get boring after a while .
no idea on shipping time this was a link i was given .
i just hate the idea of paying for 30 logos when i really need one possibly 2 if i buy huff or krank .
it 's not that 7 bucks is n't super cheap but it still feels wasteful that almost anyone buying something like this ends up never using 80 of the stickers .
this forum really needs some sort of sticker exchange .
maybe something where someone buys a pack for 7 bucks but then sells and mails extras for a buck or something .
works for me ... .. anyways i added syeam id
do n't feel bad most of these guys have never eaten at culver 's .
those are also the people you want to avoid in a fight .
what was said was that there are those who prefer certain aesthetic values and one people may have them one may not .
if it comes out to i do n't really prefer black women '' it 's not because of a superiority complex from institutionalized racism it 's personal preferences that are biological and personal .
not everything has a rational explanation and people will always keep some preference when engaging in activities like work dating relaxing and talking to people .
just as how not every little thing is racist saying that you like the aesthetic of one race over the other is n't labeling them as inferior or superior for all .
no cause they were using that render time for inside out monsters university and brave .
could go pretty well with pokken on the wii u .
my goodness if dcfd or fems or whatever the acronym is being used these days loses confidence in wmata it 's going to get very bad .
i find that picture to actually be oddly satisfying .
awp movement speed is fine there is nothing wrong with it .
i am eagerly awaiting for the day when i check his blog and it 's changed a little
well in the update notes it said that this was part 1 of a 2 part update so maybe for you guys that dont have the bakery yet it will be fixed in the next part of the update .
im using an iphone and i got the bakery .
i 've been on the receiving end of comments like you should update pictures n such but the reality is that i do n't have many pictures .
i primarily go out with my buddies and guys generally do n't snap a bunch of pictures of themselves .
i live away from most my family so i just end up using older pictures or ones that are n't great because it 's all i have and i do n't have a girl asking me to take pictures with all the time .
please remove the ps4emulator dot org link its a virus
do you know what removing a link '' is ?
i would just add that a very interesting aspect of this is that it applies to all particles not just photons .
so you could get the same effect with electrons for example and even larger things but that 's another story .
one way to think of it is that particles travel as waves of probability .
when a measurement is made these waves collapse '' to a specific point and then appear as a particle .
i was worried about mood swings thus far i have n't noticed any .
i was worried that if hormones did n't help as much as i hopes i may have larger mental health issues i would have to deal with in addition to being trans .
depressions gone no more crippling anxiety and i 'm just generally happier with life .
i 'd say you 're exactly the special little snowflake being referenced .
so then it previously meant to read or examine thoroughly '' .
but now it means what it actually is used as meaning .
except for the fact that newton 's laws of motion have nothing to do with energy ...
in my mind the only archwing that really benefits from it is the elytron i would n't install it on anything else anyway waste of mod space imo .
range would have been significantly more useful for all archwings .
if you got to fatigue as a shaman against a control warrior you lost the game well before that point .
i 'm flattered that you read this and remembered to deploy it in this situation .
until 1 guy chooses to continue and the other 3 extract and that 1 guy gets fucked
i actually got an objective that said kill 15 while unarmed
a unbuckled person sat in the back seat can be flung forward and literally crush the driver or front passenger to death .
if you 're talking about the link i think it just does stereo .
not sure if it 's because of the software or hardware but it does n't seem like surround is supported right now which sucks .
but one day all the things i like will be true .
it is flexible and relative but only moves in one direction .
yet apparently physics does not require it to move in one direction so there 's no reason why it should .
it moves at different speeds for different people depending on how much gravity is acting upon them .
only the present moment exists but there 's no such thing as the present .
well i 'm sure you can find a 40 set of poorly fitting clothes after searching around a couple towns all day long but otherwise that 's just pure luck that you can walk into a store and leave in an hour with the worlds cheapest suit .
alright i laughed out loud at the martin luther bit .
do you think i could see a picture up close of the usage please ?
i knew i could trust you to figure out a spin to any agrument !
if it had more than 1tb/a ssd more 16gb of ram or more gold or better psu and its not older than 2 years then it a biiiiiiit better deal than your average alienware .
then again with those 900 you could easily build a monster and have money to spare on monitors .
most women taste and smell good but ... every once in a while ...
there is a high concentration of bacteria doing something that ai n't sexy .
in fact it 's enough to make you swear off eating pussy .
and younger girls might be more prone to this phenomenon due to not wanting to go to the doctor saying fix my stanky pussy . ''
but if your pussy passes the finger-sniff test then let me in .
but psa ladies tell your doctor to put you on antibiotics if yo man do n't wan na go down .
and if he still do n't then god bless i 'm sorry .
p. s. do n't take me seriously but do though ... yall tuna smellin asses are giving pussy a bad name .
actually though ... asses are a whole 'nother subject .
my dog has some chronic itch problems that are reasonably controlled through medication but he 'll do anything he can to get a deep rub at the base of one of his his ears a few times a day .
my wife has trained him to get all up in your shit crawl up on your chest he 's 30lbs crawl across your lap whatever get as close to you as he can then halfheartedly scratch the ear he needs taken care of and look at you and repeat until you take care of it .
not so bad until it itches when you are trying to get some sleep and wake up to him laying on top of you halfassedly scratching his ear ...
i love his playstyle and i especially love ravenous spirit .
we should put r/wondertrade in our names as we trade !
i know my mom would love nothing more than to have a grandchild but i ca n't have children and i have some really serious medical issues that make adoption unfair to the child .
i am mean enough to deal with the people who bug me about not having kids at 35 but dear god i would kill someone for making my mom feel sad by asking her .
i do n't think i 'm particularly interesting so i get self-conscious and try and get the other person talking about themselves but it does n't work a lot of the time .
para one intro the deep love your brother 1998 https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=x-irmcc4rjw
busy p intro riton lost in sound ft. spank rock 2014 https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=rpyupo3d9qu
it could have used a couple pick a fleet '' or pick a force '' decisions accompanied by speeches to make it stand out more .
of course nobody worth his salt would pick the krogan fleet and try to rally the salarian ground forces for the final push to the crucible .
i think they 're just pushing aside the bullshit and trying to respond to people who have realistic plans at this point .
yea in my experience short women have been the most height biased of any women i 've known .
the worst one that i 've heard a couple times is when guys ask girls if they model and if they say no they say they should .
the article suggests he was an accomplice the guardian is a uk based news outlet it was chosen by snowden and wikileaks to share their leaks due to it being reliable and unbiased
over years amd just rebranded their cards with new numbers .
over years amd tried to go a different way of architecture like mantle .
they could never really get over the performance of nvidia .
nvidia did really good work dx11 vise and used its position to force nvidia only features .
now that amd is on the edge to being history they played there aces and came up with the fury x just to be on par or maybe 10 over to an older generation nvidia card .
imagine what happens when nvidia brings its next gen card ?
its business amd just did not make the right decisions with cpu and gpu for years .
they messed it up and now its to late .
if that was the case blizzard would make more money by making 4th sc2 exp because almost noone will like it xd
why did that weird obese mother and daughter bring a baby squirrel into wal-mart on a tuesday night ?
i will take that i will work on increasing the hype i promise lol .
i 'm so jealous if i did n't buy that b stock 980 ti posted 2 weeks ago i would be all over this
this may not be a popular opinion here but frankly i do n't give a shit .
i 've been in this same situation a few times now in varying degrees of duress .
i 'm sorry for your loss and i absolutely empathize with how you feel .
there are a lot of dogs out there desperately in need of a loving home and at the same time you likely have a hole in your own heart to fill .
honor your dog with sharing that love with a new one that really needs it .
you 'll rescue a dog and heal yourself some in the process .
a new dog is not a replacement your dog brought such joy to you 're life that you want to do it all over again .
i 've done this with the last couple dogs i 've had and i would n't do it any other way .
so the solution to pyramid schemes not working is that we should just enslave people .
i 'm sure that 'll actually keep things running smoothly .
i do n't know if it was fraction frog lying to me or not but was n't bare knuckle boxing safer than using padded gloves ?
if you punched someone too hard in somewhere like the head you risked busting your hand and wrist which could end your career .
i played a lot of football in high school with other kids in the neighborhood we never used pads .
some of them were on the school team and would tackle while playing like they had pads on .
we had quite a few dislocated shoulders a kid broke his nose several concussions and various smaller injuries .
anything like that would cause you to lose play time in a professional league and we were just high schoolers .
i 'd imagine rugby players tackle in such a way that it is safe for them simply so they do n't risk major injury to themselves .
i disagree on the grounds that a fairly large portion of their content is sheer racism and not simply poking fun at other countries .
and if the submissions are n't full of it the comments are .
i think he sucks on twitter makes him sound like some kind of esteem or position if the logo in question is why would we ever take advice from a certain number of different things across different use-cases over decades and it 's never happened .
for the most part your build is a perfect upgradeable machine .
however you did mention some things that will need thinking through .
disclaimer on mobile so i ca n't make a list for you but the other users can help you out with that
you mentioned that you wanted to hook up your tv and old monitor .
if anything you 'll need an entry level graphics card to even host the ports you require .
is a cheap solution to allow for the multi monitor setup you 'll be going for .
so i ca n't find any resources on how many amps that pump draws but the fact they wanted you too hook it into a 4pin molex and its thick wire should give you a clue that it 's a lot .
motherboard fan headers tend to max out at about 12v 1 amp .
i 'm guessing your h-80 draws at least 2 amps .
you pulled too much current through the fan header and fried a voltage regulator or something .
sometimes you get lucky and an internal fuse pops instead of frying the whole board but it does n't sound like you were lucky .
it gets worse though i 'm afraid to tell you .
the 4 pin molex connector already has everything you need to do some basic rpm control .
by connecting the positive lead of the pump to the yellow 12v rail and the negative lead of it to the red 5v rail the pump will run at 7 volts the difference between the two rails .
you can further reduce the speed by running off the 5v rail only but at that voltage sometimes pumps and fans have trouble starting .
time for you to do some homework on volts watts and amps .
if you want to be fiddling around with computers it behooves you to know electrical theory so you can move beyond ahmed the clock kid '' level modding skills .
i do n't see what everyone dislikes about spore i 've got over 20 hours clocked in on steam .
it was hyped for years before it 's release to be this really grandiose game which disappointing people when it turned out to only be an ok game .
some people were also disappointed in the change of art direction to a more cartoony one compared to the early teaser videos https youtu.be/t8dvmdfofna
you need to take action before you hit throot vs. throot .
i take it from your flair that you main a titan .
but the stormcaller should not have been the thing to make you question what bungie is thinking .
it should have been the op bladedancer in the beginning the op foh the op hos the op bubble in objective game modes like control for example
what i 'm about to say now is my experience on the destiny forums .
when bladedancer was really op everyone said it was op and even the majority of the people using it agreed it was op .
the foh is op not because of its range of effect but because of the massive shield the user gets when using it .
i could n't tell you how many times i was killed by a titan that had a sliver of health left and used his foh .
he should still be vulnerable to a fucking point blank shotgun .
hell i 've even shot one with a golden gun and he did n't die .
the hos is overpowered because it is a timed super that can use around 5-7 hammers depending on how you 're set up .
it is ranged with tracking and you can even regenerate your health .
oh did i mention that they also get an armor buff to go along with it ?
the bubble is the class i use for the titan out of principle of not being a cunt .
this is the sentence that will give me down votes hell the titan the last class i play as because i do n't want to play as a character that is op out of principle .
i mainly play control and when a player uses the bubble to ensure a control capture just really rubs me the wrong way .
unless you have a super to use against it than you really have no choice but to die or wait out the bubble which will most likely end up with you dying .
i have killed a defender titan in his bubble before with my golden gun .
it came at the cost of shooting the bubble twice with my super and with the golden gun only allowing 3 shots max 4 i felt as if it was wasted .
so next time you want to complain because you do n't know what bungie was thinking here is something to think about .
they never knew what they were doing from the start .
year one beta has ended and the game has only improved slightly .
dont have to stay up late to watch worlds .
they 've been keeping themselves alive in a death game as the two best players for years i could n't think of a more qualified couple to protect a little girl in said death game .
i 've been arguing zero-sum virtuality/reality for years after a vision of nataraj .
i 'm sorry for you if it did n't meet your expectations ... .
but there are many cool games out there other than destiny you 'll find your place
you should never use ware it 's a fairly rigid word reserved for highly formal and/or highly pompous circumstances .
what 's important is that you understand that it means i '' not so much when it is actually proper to use which you will come to understand organically when you actually start to encounter it in the wild .
probably the most common form of it you will see is pluralized as wareware 吾々 which means we '' but specifically in a very generalized sense such as our organization '' or we at company x '' .
and just make one of the directional buttons for the emote or maybe an emote activator i.e .
nah i 'm still scrubbing myself with the iron brush as we speak .
i 'm trying not to go back to my hawksaw .
there 's something about the gun that i ca n't put my finger on .
it feels very unforgiving if youre even slightly off target .
you can update the extension by going to chrome extensions and clicking on update extensions now '' .
if that was a brown bear nobody would care .
yup it takes 2-3 weeks for anything to get here
you can not have an open container in the car in colorado .
how about we go to the beach and shoot some clams ?
this is really freaky did the cop stop at the car ?
have you tried updating the server to the latest patch ?
honestly i do n't blame any traveller for acting the way the stereotype does when we 'll gladly defend a community 's bigoted actions towards a subset whose just experienced a terrible tragedy .
let them move in and kick the troublemakers out when they make trouble .
do n't kick everyone one of them out of spite while they 're down .
i think this is the biggest pain on my truck .
you most likely did damage to the pump bearings when installing with hammer .
you can get an install tool or match the threads and purchase a 4 or 5 inch bolt full thread if possible 2 or 3 large heavy washers plus two small washer if the holes in heavy washer are to big and matching nut .
put nut on on bolt almost to hex head and slip on washers .
i personally put the pulley in the oven 200-300f paint or plastic coating can melt .
you may need a chain wrench over towel around pulley to stop rotation of pump shaft during install .
after a good heat soak with thick gloves take pulley towel wrap chain wrench tight but not enough to damage grooves .
start pulley on pump shaft insert bolt with nut and washers .
screw bolt into pump shaft and bottom out if possible .
the clearance of the hex head to radiator shroud can be an issue .
tighten nut against washers and pulley keeping shaft/pulley from rotating by either bolt hex head or chain wrench .
the bolt may back out of pump shaft so pay attention if it happens back nut off and tighten bolt .
if you reach a point were pulley binds and does not go further apply a good reasonable amount of torque on the nut .
return back off nut then reapply torque and tighten .
if still a mofo with torque applied by nut light ringing taps to pulley can be a motivator to break friction .
torque repeat.do your best to eye ball the alignment to other pulleys or use straight stick .
install belt to lock pulley to remove bolt which may be a pain therefore get a chain wrench .
you are assuming that i have a bad connection always .
but im in a new house with a brand new router and solid broadband .
to say i cheat because every now and then my connection is red '' is wrong .
they better suck and fuck me for that much ''
all you need is to have prestiged in any game past mw3 .
you could do that in an afternoon or two in blops2
take one path on xb1 and a different one on 360
seriously i 'd love to see these guys take up arms against drones dropping laser guided missiles on them from 1000 feet .
seriously if the people 's best chance against the us government is your average gun nut brigade standing in close proximity to each other with nothing to protect them but some cheep bullet proof vests and a false sense of control then i 'm joining the government 's side .
it depends if he joined someones game and got to that mission .
it 's in the 3rd 4th 5th and 6th sentences in the body of the post .
since it 's not a link to another site i do n't think they need to fit every bit of info into the title .
will the season pass include all the dlc that the complete package did ?
no im simply judging her buy her charcter and actions and i rate 10 .
am also pc am sure your being sarcastic but am not good this sarcasm thing
hold on here is someone trying to say that caitlyn jenner isnt the most beautiful woman alive !
that 's possibly the most beautiful way to handle such a rough situation !
i do n't really have much more to add than that i was just incredibly touched by your actions .
i would say skip does exactly what you 're supposed to do as someone who is n't in your shoes to provide a counter point .
its not even being pc '' its just logic .
i ca n't tell a woman what its like to be a woman i ca n't tell an indian person what its like to be an indian person etc .
even if stephen only represents a smaller demographic than what he may portrey skip has no right or can even offer a counter point because he has no evidence nor anecdotal foundation to offer .
i 'm not even close to being as sure as you are that skip has experianced racism '' in his life .
a show like first take is just limited because it purposefully places figureheads to represent demographics a black guy a white guy a woman an athlete a coach etc .
then they portrey that one person 's opinion as being the opinion of everyone in the demo .
i feel like a show like his hers does a better job of this because the presenters seem more aware of this phenamemon and just smarter in general .
do it for yourself anyway without anything she does getting involved .
imagine what she 'll say when her ironman leads to a bunch of her haters '' becoming inspired by her .
yes i can make 6 delicious burgers at home for the price of just 1 burger at place x but then i 'd have to make 6 burgers .
this statement may be more accurate than you intended .
yea man i 'm down add me i 'll be back online sunday .
it 's ddr3 that you have 2nd gen core i7 does n't support ddr2 .
your cpu is still quite fine though if you had a mobo that supports overclocking it 'd be even better since you could crank it up to 4.5ghz .
it 's also 4 cores with hyperthreading not 8 core .
you 're still fine i do n't see a need to upgrade since you still get the 60 fps you want .
it 's not like skylake is a bad upgrade just unnecessary when you do n't have a 144hz monitor and a 980 ti .
get a 250-500gb ssd instead if you do n't yet have one .
i feel exactly the same way about churches on fire let jesus send them some rain .
it 's better than the jurassic fart '' which smells like whatever killed the dinosaurs .
i think a friend of mine discovered that yesterday after some garlic meatball pizza yesterday .
i feel that france seems disproportionately big but definately nice for on a wall !
i agree with you ... i was thrilled of the thing whole childhood with more and more new and novel stuff coming .
now despite its novelty i too feel that it 's distant far away unreal and unsatisfying .
only reason i relapse still is this ... ca n't really be called anything else than addiction .
to pmo to get that excitement and get rid of the fog in brain .
unfortunately is was removed because it is a link to a playlist and not a direct link to the video .
to have your post accepted take out list and anything that follows it out of the url and resubmit it .
for more information and/or assistance click here https www.reddit.com/r/videos/wiki/automoderator/p/c3 .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/videos if you have any questions or concerns .
going into the raid in normal-mode golgoroth was one of the more challenging mini-bosses for most people .
there is a mechanic with that boss that most pugs skirt for simplicity sake .
i did the raid the fist week using a 2-gaze method which made the most sense at the time .
ever since the 1-gaze method has emerged and become popular i 've urged my fireteam and pugs to learn/practice the 2-gaze method because i think it will become essential in the hard-mode version of the raid .
1 the 2-gaze method is essential to complete hard-mode raid .
2 the 1-gaze still works fine and i look like an ass-hat .
i posit that there is no way bungie lets that mechanic get skirted in hard-mode .
i 'm just talking to the majority of lazy raiders who have n't bothered to learn 2-gaze and just want to 1-gaze and get through golgyfuck .
i 'm urging them to take this week to practice the 2-gaze mechanic so they 're not the useless asshole in their hard-mode pugs next weekend .
if you think that 's a bad attitude to have then fuck you .
but this is definitely reminded me it 's 5am and i really should go to sleep .
yeah i think people do n't realize chemo causes a sort of natural selection in cancer cells where only the most aggressive ones survive to come around again .
there are no easy protest the hero songs sorry ¯ ツ ¯
pff i bet you twist them and dunk them and still have the nerve to call yourself entp ...
i 'd even have brownlie ahead of guptill and rutherford .
but i would have raval ahead of them all because of season last year averaged 49 with two centuries and five fifties .
http stats.espncricinfo.com/ci/engine/records/batting/most_runs_career.html ? id=9455 type=tournament also no sixes so he must be conservative .
fuckin hell i looked at those stats and munro hit 46 sixes last season 30 ahead of second place
well it could always be a vincent adultman situation .
and how many of the israelis of '48 were actually born in israel/british palestine ?
let 's break into the overkill offices and drill into whatever vault almir is hiding in .
we wo n't fix the current problem but we 'll get a cool mask for killing the rat almir .
here is something of substance given the greater context you just repeated yourself to avoid the issue
source 2 is a fucking disaster and something valve should be ashamed of .
i have n't live here long but i 'm looking to get my first tattoo in the near future .
first one on my side upper rib cage and eventually one down my spine .
hi as the title states my name is adam ha i am 18 years old and i am an aspiring and motivated analyst of league of legends .
to be an analyst has been my dream for about a year now but it was n't until recently that i have decided to attempt to make this dream a reality .
to tell you guys a bit about myself i am canadian born and raised .
i have been invovled with video games and esports for the past 3 years playing games such as cs go rocket league hearthstone but my all time favorite has been and always will be league of legends .
my whole life i have been searching for something i am passionate about something i could study something that i can eventually call my profession .
it was n't until recently that i had discovered that i am ambitious and passionate about analyzing league of legends and esports .
i have been looking for ways to evolve and develop my skills as an analyst .
i have decided to reach out to mutiple sources and i have been continuously told to create some analyst content to help me improve in the field of being an esports analyst .
i have created a youtube channel that contains my league of legend analyst content .
please check out my channel and give me any advice you could think that would possibly come in handy on my journey .
i only ask for reddit to support me give me advice and to look out for my in the near future !
i always throw it away during matches because i have no clue how i 'm supposed to use it ...
i know it has high stun but what the fuck is that supposed to be used for ?
do i throw it at enemies or do i pummel ?
i usually use blue red and purple for combos an not much else .
i figure in an office setting its all buisness and everyone uses san but i 've been working in various restaurants and suffixes like 子 or even ばか are thrown around pretty openly after a relatively short time .
i 'm in america working for people born and raised in japan so i 'm not sure if that makes a difference .
would it be similar if i worked in japan itself ?
im having a very hard time on it and i need some help .
i ca n't be the only one who watched all of og 's matches throughout the weekend thus far and realized that they 've played compound and detroit hp almost exclusively .
i feel like i have n't watched a biolab or retreat hp from them yet .
i 'm honestly getting sick of these two maps .
have i missed some maps or am i just crazy ?
r/4xgaming is a smallish sub dedicated to what is called the 4x '' style of videogames .
if you are n't familiar with what a 4x '' videogame is this wikipedia article https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/4x should get you up to speed .
normally a sub with little to get upset over users have recently drawn lines in the sand over a game called stardrive .
the debate appears to have been sparked four days ago when a user asked if stardrive 2 was worth buying at 50 off on steam https np.reddit.com/r/4xgaming/comments/3oj6py/star_drive_2_50_off_have_the_release_bugs_been .
this lead to several users bringing up gripes they 've had with the game 's developer who apparently has been known to make big promises and then deliver games that far from meet the expectations set .
though there 's a bit of salt in this thread the real battle would n't begin until later .
two days later an interview with stardrive 's creator was posted in the same sub https np.reddit.com/r/4xgaming/comments/3oupds/explorminate_interviews_stardrive_2s_dan_dicicco leading to more drama .
a lengthy list of features is promised which leads to one user claiming that if you believe that then they a bridge to sell you '' https np.reddit.com/r/4xgaming/comments/3oupds/explorminate_interviews_stardrive_2s_dan_dicicco/cw0s2wc which sparks off a wave of drama .
downvotes abound throughout the comments section but the saltiest of the popcorn was yet to come .
a day later u/mharmless calls out stardrive haters '' telling them to put up or shut up '' https np.reddit.com/r/4xgaming/comments/3p1onr/stardrive_haters_put_up_or_shut_up at which point the kernels start flying out of the kettle at warp speed .
accusations are made of toxic behavior some users start questioning whether other users have actually even played the game and all around the whole thread is incredible .
it seemed perhaps that this dramawave had reached it 's height at that point but then less than 24 hours later the sub exploded again as u/mharmless returns to throw an absolute tantrum of a thread https np.reddit.com/r/4xgaming/comments/3p386r/upvote_to_remove_stardrive_from_the_related in which he says that if stardrive discussion is n't welcome here i guess we should just ban it entirely ! '' .
all in all a whole lot of drama over one crummy videogame !
if the saga continues i will update this sub .
there is a small black cat that shows up every day and sits in my neighbor 's yard .
judging by how skiddish it is with people i 'm assuming it 's a stray or possibly feral since there used to be a feral kitty kingdom established in the remains of a demolished house before it was cleared away .
my boyfriend pointed out today that the cat has no tail and possibly lost it .
he said it looked like part of the bone was exposed but could n't get close enough to tell for sure .
kittenface '' looks like it could be either an older kitten or just a very small cat and i 'm concerned that if it did lose his tail and the bone is exposed that it could get infected .
i 'm a sucker for animals and would like to get it some help .
does anyone know who if anyone i can contact to help or are my options limited to contacting animal control ?
i 've dealt with them in the past for a different issue and they were very backlogged slow to respond and less than helpful when they finally did respond .
hi i have a slow 2012 13 '' macbook pro that is getting slow .
i read this article http www.businessinsider.com/four-year-old-macbook-pro-run-like-new-2015-1 ? utm_content=buffer816da utm_medium=social utm_source=twitter.com utm_campaign=buffer and it said that a bigger ram kit and ssd will help speed it up .
so if you own a goblin mini you know of the drip tip issue .
i know that lightning vapes and other companies have replacement drip tips but they 're as expensive as the atty itself and i can justify spending that much for one .
if there 's a fix for the drip tip or the loose 510 adaptor please let me know .
i 've been a guild wars 2 player since release .
i participated in the original bwes and i have a very small guild although they have been mostly inactive since living world season 2 started .
i still hop in from time to time but since i had my now 1-year old daughter i have been a bit too busy .
now though i am finding myself with a bit more time and am getting interested in hot .
i am however a bit confused of what exactly the expansion will include .
could anybody break it down into a list addressing the main features ?
as far as i am aware the new features include
i would really like to know how many new zones we can expect if there is much planned for small groups i play with my wife quite often and what sort of support we can expect after the release of the expansion .
for the cost of a full-priced game i got a lot of gameplay out of guild wars 2 but i feel like hot will only provide a fraction of the content from what i have read .
i hope i 'm just misinformed but buying two new copies is expensive for our family and i would like to know the general consensus about whether the expansion will be worth it .
thanks for your responses and as always the gw2 community is one of the best !
looking to just have fun and give it a go .
most are noobs but all are 290 and two 300 .
i have a full run under my belt looking to make it as far as we can .
robber give me all your money or you are geography ! '
cashier puzzled did you mean to say or you 're history ? ''
im looking for 3 others awesome guardians to complete the raid kf every week .
ive done it one time so far and i have some difficulties to find a team to do it again .
i am a 21 years old female active player playing almost every day exept when it is midterm/finals exam .
the only problem is i do not have a mic but i can hear you .
i really think that translating for 80 hours each week has allowed me to break through to the fourth xuan translator layer ! !
do not judge others in ignorance within my presence .
those who think to harm someone should be ready to be harmed .
those who are open and respectful shall receive my kindness and respect .
those who plot against me are seeking their own death .
one time i bought a used armada hoist off of ebay .
almost every nook and cranny of him had dust in it and the ratchets were really well worn .
after that fiasco i vowed never to buy used toys again no matter the price .
i stumbled across a wsj article that said the average checking account in the united states experienced 7.1 overdraft instances in 2013 with an average fee of 30 .
so i assume having an emergency fund would save the average consumer 213 annually in overdraft prevention alone .
any ideas on how to quantify or even just estimate the other benefits of the emergency fund ?
how much credit card debt interest or fees are prevented ?
personally i think reighly is the strongest non-devil fruit user maybe even strongest character in one piece that is still alive in the current chapter .
i 'd like to get other peoples opinions and thoughts .
i am currently going through a pretty big bought of depression and i have always turned to alcohol .
it 's was where this woman is spanked over the knee by therapist .
on this post i plan to chronicle my adventures in finding my first turntable used .
i plan to edit this as i go note i have a 100-150 dollar budget for all but speakers
attempt 1 found a used technics p-mount and a preamp for 25 .
it was sold before the seller responded to my text .
attempt 2 spent half a saturday thrifting and going to pawn shops .
all i could find was a pioneer pl-990 for 75 .
attempt 3 found a luxman p-405 for 50 bucks .
after contacting the seller i found out that he was moving to new york the morning of the only day i could meet with him .
attempt 4 found a good pioneer tt for 60 bucks .
the only problem is i lived 2 hours from the seller and he found someone local .
seller got mad and took the deal off the table after i asked to make sure the tt worked even though the ad said he knew nothing about the tables .
980ti so running the game is n't a problemo .
i like sports games but their are n't very many on pc .
i also like games like rocket league or h1z1 .
i already own cs go mgs v and a few others .
just need some help because i ca n't seem to find things to peak my interest .
also sim games such as out of the park baseball cities skyline .
in the early years of dota 2 from 2011-2012 the community was incredibly adamant about stopping another tf2 http i1.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/facebook/000/197/037/35i5fg2.jpg .
we knew what valve could do to their games and we did everything we could to prevent it .
one of the earliest instances of community backlash was the alpine ursa set http i.imgur.com/nzx9d.png .
back then cyborgmatt ran a popular blog that showcased new items as they were added to the game 's files .
when the community saw alpine ursa there was immediate backlash .
valve decided to put the set in the store regardless but eventually stopped its sale entirely .
pets are absolutely one of the worst aspects of dota 2 's cosmetics .
with glitchy behavior aesthetic/lore inconsistency and huge potential for clutter they can be compared to a cancer that is slowly killing what little grace and cleanliness the dota 2 aesthetic still has .
in any other similar game a pet that follows a hero around would be incredibly important to that hero .
it might be related to some of that character 's abilities .
in dota 2 a random animal could be any of those things beastmaster boar ?
and this confusion is actively turning people away from this game .
but did you know that we as a community already won against pets back in 2012 ?
cyborgmatt 's blog is dead so pictures ca n't be found but valve planned to add pets way back then http dev.dota2.com/showthread.php ? t=59208 and the community shit all over them for it .
so how did we come to what we have today ?
why are their golden tombstones and shit armadillos following riki ?
the 2011 and 2012 community were strong and able to truly direct the game in amazing ways .
what happened in 2013 and how can we bring it back for dota 2 's sake ?
so currently i 'm level 25 and am kind of splitting my time between questing/pvp/dungeons and with the double prestige weekend i 've accumulated quite a bit .
i was wondering if i should even bother to buy pvp leveling gear or should i just save up for amp and ap upgrades ?
also why are one of the amp and ap upgrades purple and cost twice as much as the others ?
my nbrother never loved his daugther she 's 2 years old now .
in fact he does n't love kids in general .
my parents have custody of her even though my mom is an aggressive narcissist and my dad is just aggressive .
my nbrother always told her to shut up '' because she likes to speak loudly you know like any normal 2 year old .
he cares more about his x box one and ps4 than his daughter .
in fact he actually hit her in the back for touching one of his games in his room .
she only came into his room because she wanted to say 'hello ' .
my parents do n't do anything about it because they do the same to my niece .
yesterday my nbrother kept poking at his daughter because she was playing with his toothbrush .
while poking an adult may be harmless a child may find this to be painful both physically and emotionally .
my niece gets overdramatic when she gets upset she normally falls on the floor or lunges herself into the wall.tell is what i told him knock it off !
if you did n't want her to touch your toothbrush than why do n't you put it in a safe place ?
that 's what i do with my things she 's a toddler of course she 's going to touch your things .
he ignored me and gave her one more poke just to make her more upset .
a few minutes ago my nbrother kept on putting his hand on the back of her head .
my niece hits him back as self defense the same way she hits my nmom for roughly handling her hair .
i told him in a firm voice stop touching her . ''
he said what i ca n't touch my f*****g daughter ?
my niece told her father stop bothering me ! ''
when my father ask my niece who is bothering you she said ya ya '' she calls my father daddy '' .
my nbrother replied and putting that s**t in her head is good for her too ? ''
he 's refering to me making him out to being the enemy .
you 're the one who 's cursing in front of her . ''
with that he said nothing and just went to the bathroom .
my father smiled at the situation as if to say 'hah i never treated my kids like this .
i do n't now if it 's the fact that i 've been working out more frequently for the past two weeks been doing insanity the asylum '' program but lately i 've been finding my own voice .
i did n't feel too scared to speak my mind at the moment even though i was scared on the inside when my nbrother was cursing at me .
also i think my motivation to show my niece what a normal adult should act like superseded my fear of being yelled at or being hit .
i 'm proud that i 'm making some progress .
the fact that it 's made of plastic always creeped me out .
i roast my own coffee so it 'll be fun trying to roast the perfect aeropress bean !
edit sorry to the mods for screwing up my first post !
they look nothing like ingame and trundle is not the only one pretty sure who suffers this pain .
i 'm always horny but too shy to really act on it !
even walking to my classes i am fantasizing about someone pushing me into one of the closets fucking/choking me and then walking away like nothing happened .
landry jones is so much better than everyone on this sub and everyone in pittsburgh gives him credit for .
either bluebeam ultra antenna http www.getfpv.com/ibcrazy-5-8-ghz-bluebeam-ultra-antenna-set.html or blubeam whip antenna http www.getfpv.com/5-8ghz-blubeam-whip-with-90-degree-sma.html for broad coverage
the idea is i 'll be able to use the receiver to pump video to both the goggles and a separate monitor .
i 've been for more details we 're planning on creating a drone that can fly around autonomously but can to send a picture back to big wigs and get a feel of what the quadcopter is doing .
planning on using a 450 frame with some good motors and battery life .
also i thought i could attach one omni directional and one cannon coil to the diversity receiver for better coverage in one area .
what are some things that are over done that you are bored with reading about/seeing come up ?
i do n't know that i really have anything but i hear people talking about things like the dwarves and elves hate each other cliche . ''
i 'm wondering where that comes from i have n't seen it much .
is there a better alternative then paying 20 a month for photoshop ?
whenever i go onto the quick start screen none of my inputs do anything i know the wii u is n't freezing when i go onto the tv remote none of my inputs do anything when i go onto smash 4 it automatically gets past the title screen without me doing anything when i try to change tab on the browser my tabs flash up for a few frames then go as if i did an input even though i did n't .
i hate to disappoint but i was not doing curls .
article about deadlift grip for demonstration purposes http bruteforcestrength.com/2012/04/post-workout-quickie-deadlift-grip the problem described seemed relevant to the topic
it claims that you should grip the bar at the center .
is it possible to tweak your wrist here http i.imgur.com/qql0uob.jpg when actually pulling as per the recommendation above ?
no matter how i look at it placing your hands at the same spot on the bar while using mixed grips will result in a minor imbalance where one of the arms will be pulling the weight at a different angle .
would moving one hand slightly in order to ensure that both arms are perpendicular to the bar fix the problem ?
or should i just ditch mixed grip and finally learn to pull hook or give up altogether and use straps ?
the pain barely lasted a day but i prefer to prevent injuries .
my router does n't support qos so thats out of the question i have a brother that hogs the internet like no tomorrow .
so i 've never done acid before but i 'm trying to get my best friend to join me in the venture .
anyway i 've been having an unusual past month .
i 've started some new meds to treat acne that are actually very powerful and i 've been warned that hallucinations and other side effects are very plausible .
i have n't had anything obvious happen yet but for the past month i 've been in a spiritual low and also just a mental low .
well yesterday i had an awesome day and i asked out a friend of mine who agreed to have a date .
i finished work went home feeling great and i even listened to some music a friend suggested .
i 'm not going to reveal exactly who wrote because that 's sort of irrelevant but i began feeling almost euphoric .
the music was deep and iactually fell into my subconscious where i woke up almost 3 hours later still listening to the music .
that evening after retreating to bed i had the weirdest and most ... well trippy dreams i 've ever had .
again the dreams are irrelevant aside from that they were particularly allegorical almost .
anyway its extremely unlike me to be a deep person but these past few weeks i 've been more thoughtful and spiritually awake than i have in a good year .
my friend suggested i was having a mild dopamine high .
makes me wonder what a good dose of acid would do to me .
what am i experiencing and is it safe to consume acid while in this state of mind ?
ffa a giant horde of klefki have taken over one of my pc boxes !
please click the button below to save me from their evil ways .
shipping starts off at 2 through usps first class and includes tracking .
insurance is an option and by declining to purchase additional insurance you 're taking on full responsibility once it reaches the post office .
i do n't mind shipping usps priority using a small flat rate box at the request of the buyer .
50 fv 90 mercury dimes 14.50x as little or as much as you want
2013 1 oz britannia with snake privy offer cash or trade
if you have any questions please do n't hesitate to pm me !
i know it 's been early but dude 's been killing it !
he 's really come through for steeler nation in a big way .
this is probably common knowledge but every week the gunsmith sells 5 packages for 2500 glimmer each .
be sure to buy as many as possible on each character .
then after you turn them in on wednesday if you do n't like the roll or gun rank it up to around 80 using motes of light .
then simply dismantle for 5 legendary marks and weapon parts .
do this across multiple characters and you can easily get 25-40 legendary marks every wednesday .
i think i am developing a crush for a good friend f of mine and i am thinking about talking to her about it .
the problem is that i 'm afraid asking her out or something like that might damage our friendship a friendship that i value alot .
if she were to reject i would completely respect that and continue to be her friend but it could make hanging out with her awkward .
on the other side i think she might be hinting that she likes me i 'm not that good at reading signs and i do n't think surpressing my feelings towards her would be a good thing .
i 've got some free time and would love someone new to talk to .
i love meeting new people from all around so please message me if you want to chat .
or just pm me your kik and i 'll message you .
i live in minnesota and i frequently hear people say things like oh this winter is going to be really bad '' or i think were in for a light winter '' .
can meteorologist figure this out this far in advanced or is there too much variables to calculate .
small de-stash of some items i purchased but have never/barely used !
shipping starts at 2.50 and then will increase by weight .
all products will be sanitized with 70 alcohol before shipped out in a padded envelope .
urban decay urban obsessions eyeshadow palette includes mini 24/7 glide-on eye pencil in zero/skimp bust guilt oil slick/eyeshadows 0.02 oz each eyeliner 0.03 oz/new 20.00
sumita color contrast eyeliner**/navy/0.024 oz/swatched 1x 1.00 – free with purchase
cover fx mattifying primer with anti-acne treatment**/1.0 oz/used 3x 15.00
nyx powder blush**/amber/0.18 oz/swatched 1x 2.00 – free with purchase
juara candlenut body crème**/0.34 oz/new 1.00 – free with purchase
this is what i posted and what got deleted after 4 hours
in stephen colbert 's cbs sunday morning interview https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=z2qlogc6pjc colbert mentions he used to numb himself to be embarrassed by singning loud in elevators and going on stage in his underwear .
so far he has done the bit where he pretend vomits with emily blunt done silly walks with lupita nyong'o and not-orgasm faces with ruth wilson .
he also had that great embarrassing/akward interview with eminem before the late show started .
i like these segments and find them hilarious but do others as well ?
also the interview with the meyers briggs test who is stephen colbert '' you could say was playing with akward social interaction .
the title of my post was should colbert be embarressed ?
i meant it as something fun and what i meant to say was just that i think colbert does the akward very well .
my intention was just to have a discussion with my fellow colbert fans if they like it and think he should do more of it .
i know of one other post that got deleted and where the poster was banned .
i do n't expect y'all here at r/talkshows to discuss or like this post but i just wanted to post it somewhere else where hopefully it wo n't get deleted .
edit update just checked and they have now undeleted my post https www.reddit.com/r/lateshow/comments/3p7ye2/should_colbert_be_embarrassed on the late show subreddit .
i of course have screenshoots if anyone wants proof that it was deleted .
so to help ian out with his best of '' stuff i decided to rewatch pikmin !
https youtu.be/ardcewa9my0 ? list=pleni3kbdx0d0codatnr2fkrdvemelmcnx t=770 same episode lice in the ground .
https youtu.be/g11njzoezq8 ? list=pleni3kbdx0d0codatnr2fkrdvemelmcnx t=975 various brandon body parts 16:15 to the end of the episode
https youtu.be/jw1-7b5v9i0 ? list=pleni3kbdx0d0codatnr2fkrdvemelmcnx t=527 both ian and brandon speaking at the same time/over each other 8:47 to 9:00
https youtu.be/jyaoyoufpc0 ? list=pleni3kbdx0d0codatnr2fkrdvemelmcnx t=483 lopez will never be the same ... ... 8:03 to 8:32
https youtu.be/jyaoyoufpc0 ? list=pleni3kbdx0d0codatnr2fkrdvemelmcnx t=563 brandon do you mind if i unbutton my pants ? ''
9:23 to 9:38 idk if this counts as best of '' but it made me laugh from how sudden it was !
https youtu.be/p1dhnt0w5se ? list=pleni3kbdx0d0codatnr2fkrdvemelmcnx date plans 0:00 to 2:15 possibly the best moment .
https youtu.be/8bsxtsqwbhg ? list=pleni3kbdx0d0codatnr2fkrdvemelmcnx t=460 glamorous but about pikmin 7:40 to 7:50
https youtu.be/l_1ukccujj0 ? list=pleni3kbdx0d0codatnr2fkrdvemelmcnx t=783 ian 's gon na delete '' the channel and go bop .
https youtu.be/ifd-jll7au4 ? list=pleni3kbdx0d0codatnr2fkrdvemelmcnx t=252 what on earth was that noise ? ? ?
https youtu.be/ifd-jll7au4 ? list=pleni3kbdx0d0codatnr2fkrdvemelmcnx t=549 mystery noise 9:09 to 9:38
https youtu.be/7jc4vjqxa2k ? list=pleni3kbdx0d0codatnr2fkrdvemelmcnx t=379 brandon gets to play !
sorry if it 's a lot i just caught myself laughing through like 90 of it .
quick edit had to fix formatting since this is my first actual post on reddit .
riposte is a 4 player arena brawler that supports both local and online multiplayer .
check out this trailer to see the current game in action
riposte is about to start a kickstarter and greenlight campaign .
the game has been in development since december 2014 by damajo games a small independant studio based in leiden the netherlands .
i am one of the developers on the game feel free to ask any questions relating to the game and it 's development here !
i have seen that it is possible to dye yarn and i wanted to know if anyone tried to do it to their yarn yoshi .
if anyone has some i 'm willing to pay top dollah
i do n't understand why people call it battlefield clone because i think if you say that you are insulting '' battlefield ca n't think of a better word .
the game is more like cod or not even that .
but my question is how would you even make a battlefront game without it beig just a battlefield game '' because to me it seems like everyone wants to make it like battlefield you could even argue that now it 's not even close to battlefield because of all the vehicle pickups smaller matches and other things .
from what i 've seen people want vehicles that are n't pickups well guess what battlefield does n't have vehicle pickups so that would be a step to make it more like battlefield what about more weapons and maps ?
well battlefield has fuck ton of weapons and maps .
my point is that people actually want it to be more like battlefield not less like battlefield and imo it 's not even really that possible to make it not battlefield and right now it 's probably as far from battlefield as it 's gon na get .
i have to drive from mo to get there so planning is a little more difficult .
this is my first bama home game and i ca n't wait !
i had a thought last night about the universe .
what if the galaxies and other cosmic phenomena that we observe are reflections like a mirage of past iterations of our galaxy .
in other words what if there has only been one galaxy that has been born and died trillions or zillions of times and what we are observing is the refection of that past light reflecting back at us from the edge of the universe .
since the universe is expanding it would theoretically take quite a while before we would see ourselves as a reflection .
when we did see it the reflection of us coming back out of the cosmos it would be the moment of the birth of our galaxy the sun is born and then if we had the camera technology available we could watch day by day as our galaxy evolved .
the only catch would be that what we are seeing would have originated from billions of years in the past and we might never realize that it was us .
this assumes of course that the journey that the light takes is n't longer than the entire life cycle of our galaxy .
if this were the case it would be a perfect example of if a tree falls in the forest and know one is present to hear it fall did it make a sound ? ''
cf here a year and a half post double lung transplant !
also assume that you 're allowed a companion in any game and that already existing ones are n't allowed .
i 'm away from my computer for a week or so but i 'd still like a little sweet sweet managerial fix .
are there any recommendations for fm-style apps for my phone ?
it 's not worth buying the official one now but i know there are loads of the same genre .
someone feel sorry for me because my girlfriend does n't share my pain .
how would i rate now vs. without the acne which i 'm treating btw ?
looking to get a second line right wing next to the sedin brothers .
which one has been doing the trick for ya ?
i was driving back from a date down in the city a tad bit lost driving back relying on my gps .
i look in my rear view and notice a black brush guard on a ford suv .
i recently neglected to get my registration sticker for my car lazy me ...
lights come on i pull onto a side street .
immediately i turn the vehicle off hazards on interior lights on window down hands out the window .
i immediately tell him officer i have a concealed carry permit and i currently have my gun sitting in a holster right next to the center console . ''
he nonchalantly looks in with his flashlight and states the reason i pulled you over was for your registration sticker being expired . ''
i was straight up honest and told him a few months back when i got the reminder in the mail from the state i was just too negligent and lazy .
stupid me.. i ask him if he would feel more comfortable if i stepped out of the vehicle .
he tells me it 's fine and to stay in the car he asks for my permit my license and my registration .
i ask him if i am allowed to reach for my wallet he states yes . ''
i then tell him my registration is in the center console .
he takes my info and comes back a few minutes later .
i tell him an m p 9 fullsize i ask the same to him glock 22 '' we bullshit about our handguns for a couple minutes he was asking what kind of holster i used and what not .
he then tells me unfortunately i have to write you a citation for your registration what you are going to do is plead not guilty get the car registered go to the courthouse and just explain the situation and you should n't have to pay the fine . ''
he then told me normally he would take the handgun and check the serial numbers etc etc but stated since i was so honest with him he felt like there was absolutely no reason to lol .
i told him to stay safe tonight and overall super cool interaction with this officer .
i feel like having this permit and just being honest with the officer it cleared the air immediately and i feel like i was treated very well .
i know that in my state i do not need to inform le that i am carrying a handgun but since it was not on my person and was out and open in my car i felt the need to inform him immediately .
i learned about turning on the interior lights and hands out the window from a concealed carry proto call video from nutnfancy i do n't care if you do n't agree with him but i felt like it helped alleviate any doubt in the officers mind that my car would be unsafe to approach .
i 'm getting really sick of watching sparta squander their conquests .
i need to find someone else to root for .
my main criteria are 1 should be somewhat of an underdog but with upward mobility 2 needs to actually do shit .
i like japan but i think their proximity to the unstoppable green blob is going to doom them .
i also do n't see this war with vietnam going well for them .
zulu 's cool but i think they 're too technologically backwards to accomplish more than taking one or two kongo cities .
they 're only making a dent right now because impis are obscenely future-proof but even they will be irrelevant soon .
edit after considering your comments i believe i shall be keeping my eye on finland ireland carthage iceland and mali .
and of course i 'll still hope sparta gets their shit together .
the next few parts shall determine which civ will be my favorite .
i started identifying as demifluid since i knew what it means .
i 'm afab but never could say i 'm entirely a woman .
it 's like i 'm only part woman and the other part is fluid .
the problem i 've found with it is that in most definitions they put demigenders as if we always have to be part one gender and part neutrois witch i just ca n't say is my thing .
i feel part something and part an other thing .
i fit in the demifluid definition but not in the demigirl 's the way it is presented .
but i feel both demigirl and demifluid at the same time since i 'm part woman and part fluid .
is n't it what being demigender really means that you do n't fit yourself completely into one gender but only part of it while the other part is something that can be anything including neutrois ?
suddenly out of nowhere a pelican with smoke coming from its engines and such very un-dramatically flies overhead and slams into the canyon wall behind blue base exploding in a fiery blast .
the remains not much fall to the ground not hitting sasha or the swingset or ruining the holes .
some pieces of metal and a charred corpse are all that remains .
ooc so a lot happened to the campbells yesterday i 'll be writing what happened throughout today and posting two different parts .
this crash is an event that is supposed to happen on day 4 today and the stories to provide context will be out soon i promise .
it 's my first time with a share post be gentle .
back in september i was fortunate enough to have u/equinoxcinnamon come across this post https www.reddit.com/r/dirtypenpals/comments/3jdv1u/f4m_another_medievalish_rp_idea_popped_into_my and shoot me a pm .
six weeks later and we 're still writing strong but the first chapter has drawn to a close and crafting it with him has certainly been one of my favorite dpp experiences .
coming back from a stressful day of classes to a rp like that is one of the best feelings in the world and he 's definitely helped to keep me sane this semester .
so far the rp has been sweet playful and kinky it 's 31 pages of everything from pillories to panties all with a medieval flair .
hope you enjoy it as much as we do .
without further ado here 's the gdoc itself edited and formatted for your reading pleasure .
i 've got the gif looking for the full video https twitter.com/bondageartbot/status/655756463688712193
it has been replaced by a page which says this domain is for sale . ''
i saw someone on my friends list with a lv .
just found out that that lr broly was actually a moderator for this subreddit antonlabz .
he added me on my alt after posting on the broly thread and it 's the same broly that or someone just named themselves that .
looking at the pg e outage site over 27,000 are affected .
monterey about 55,000 customers are affected by a sunday morning power outage across the monterey peninsula .
a pacific gas and electric co. spokeswoman said the company is working to restore power in monterey pacific grove pebble beach carmel seaside and sand city as well as in areas east to corral de tierra and south to big sur .
a high-tension wire tower collapsed about 7 a.m. this morning in pg e 's moss landing power plant causing several transformers to explode said monterey county sheriff 's sgt .
all the transformers are on pg e property and there was no response from the sheriff 's office banuelos said .
there 's no estimated time for the power to be returned at this time . ''
the monterey police department reminded drivers to treat non-functioning traffic lights as four-way stops .
because i have a resting bitch face and want to be friendly at the same time
i 'm on the road today coming back to cincinnati from chicago ... do you know how i could listen to the game ?
do you know which radio station or what app would work ?
for those of you who know about linux why do you use linux ?
i am helping my fiancee with her loans and need your help .
i never had student loans dodged that bullet so i am not as familiar with fed sub unsubed etc .
i had her go ahead and check out sofi to see what rates might be available .
she got 7 year at 5.5 or 10 year at 5.7 .
not going variable as it will take more then a few years for us to get these paid down .
she is a lawyer so i do n't believe any federal protections will really help her.. right ?
any reason to stay fed instead of going private ?
if private is the way for her where else should she check besides sofi ?
specs intel i5 4670k amd raedon 7870 128gb ssd 1tb and 3tb hdd 's .
i have honestly no idea on what to do so i 'm just going to start at the very beginning .
around 2 months ago we upgraded from windows 7 home premium to windows 10 64 bit .
then one day after working perfectly fine with no issues for around a month the monitor turns grey not black as if were turned off but grey .
i had assumed this was a os problem so we re-installed windows 10 .
i do n't think microsoft appreciated me not paying so even after i picked the 64 bit version i got the 32bit one .
after this it works perfectly for a couple of hours and then goes to that same hue of grey .
after concluding that it was not the os 's problem i started to see what would work on the computer .
i could still access the bios and i could launch into safe mode with networking on .
after that i googled the problem yes i know i should have done that earlier and i came to the conclusion that it was faulty drivers .
after that i took out the graphics card and like magic it works again .
so now it works but i cant use much past browsing the internet and for writing documents .
a list of things you 'd like to do that are completely possible now but you 're too busy serving a cult to devote any time or energy to them .
i actually heard the following for things people are looking forward to doing in the new world™
also this snot nosed little precocious kid who 's probably going to get baptized at 9 and married at 17 opined that there will be no video games tv or movies in the new world so we can be less distracted for our worship .
let 's all guess how fun his childhood is and how much he 's going to regret in the future ...
edit i genuinely want to go home and tear this article apart .
anecdotal bs like the above aside this was the most groundbreaking insane article they have published to date .
every paragraph was jaw dropping and the scriptures they cited had nothing to do with the points they were attempting to make so emphatically .
edit to edit i forgot the most amazing ironic comment of the whole study ! ! !
a sister says something to the effect of paradise does n't have to be everything we 've always wanted to be perfect it will be perfect which humans ca n't even imagine not just like something humans want now like a new porsche .
that sister along with 2 other witnesses in our hall drives a fucking porsche .
it was sitting in the driveway as she made the comment .
i went to college about two months ago now .
at first i went home a lot to visit because my school was only 30 minutes away but then i started getting really busy .
friday was the first day i 've gone home in about a month when my parents were actually there .
before i went home i had a couple of classes and i went to hang out with a guy .
i was wearing these new jeans that i had gotten that were hella high waisted and a crop top i promise it 's important .
when i went to go hang out with the guy i saw myself in a full length mirror and thought that i looked really good and i was feeling really confident in my appearance .
when i went home though my mom basically told me that i was asking to get raped while wearing that outfit and my dad told me that if i dressed like that often people would think i was a slut '' .
had they said all of that before i went to college i would 've accepted it and agreed and never worn it again because i 'd feel disgusting but after being away from them for awhile and having people tell me that i 'm attractive i got pissed .
i was so happy with how i looked but those words destroyed me .
it was n't the first time they had said things like that but it was the first time i was no longer conditioned to accept it .
going to tonight i was thinking about what they said and i finally realized why my brother never talks to them anymore .
as soon as you actually feel good about something they destroy it .
i wish i could cut them out of my life but they 're paying for everything and i wo n't be able to get out from under them until i graduate .
just lookin for some people that enjoy going out late and love to dance .
seems like none of my friends ever want to stay out past 1 or 2 and they never want to go dancing .
so let 's hang out hit up slippery slope or something and have a good time .
logan squ people preferred but exceptions can definitely be made .
imagine going to a friends house to watch a movie .
it plays on the tv and also on everyone 's vr .
so if you go get some popcorn you can still see the movie on the tv .
the vr gives you a much better view than the theater and it is still a social situation .
by gender i mean physical appearance and not your mindset and the change is instantaneous .
and the flight is linked to your stamina and fitness level .
we lost but are n't finished ... we have more work to do .
alright so when i went into the court went to the 500 court for the game of 21 .
also if someone could explain the jackpot to me i 'd appreciate it .
i will begin by saying i 'm in no way a professional competitive player .
i am the best out of every single one of my friends but at a local tournament in brawl i was beaten by the second round .
i main captain falcon on melee ike on brawl and link on 4 .
i have recently bought my own wii u to play smash bros .
i bought it sooner than i originally wanted due to a huge personal loss .
i want to play because i need some sort of release .
i have n't been able to cope ever since this incident .
i would prefer to find a smash partner who is australian that i can regularly practice with .
tl dr australian noob smasher buys wii u for smash 4 to cope with a loss is looking for an australian smash partner for some online play .
a country should announce mobilisation for 1 irl day before going to war else they suffer from reduced military planning this is variable based on their military tradition/expenditure .
this is to simulate planning setting up supply lines etc also to make the game more interesting and feel more planned .
a country should also let us know where they station their troops to allow for surprise invasions and reduce the teleportation .
i know quantifying things is annoying but i feel these would be good references to keep in mind just for consistency 's sake
the idea for planes is they can do several missions in one day irl so the player will specify beforehand what his operations would be and when the other player comes on he would then post his actions for the day .
military operations should be abstract so the following is in order
ship movement takes 1 irl day for a distance of 2000km new york to havana .
this is not the actual ship speed but it will include other operations like offloading troops .
planes can travel a distance of 20,000 km in one day or do 10x what ships can .
this is because the aircraft will need to stop to refuel and take other logistics .
armored and infantry travel around 500km in 1 irl day that would be the distance between seoul and pyongyang 2.5 times
to find distances use google and type location destination distance ''
also check the code of ethics for the rules u/dannythegreat added some
edit also it seems alot of people arent rping the changes to the sheet you need to do that so the mods can determine if there is to be a public reaction based on your reason for the change .
nothing but blind hate for all teams besides korean teams .
before you all lose your damn minds remember that eu has only won a single bo5 against kr in lol history .
they looked much weaker when they did n't have it at the end of groups . ''
i mean the stupidity in that comment is lol worthy
he does nothing but defend korean teams and never points of their mistakes yet tries his best to discredit all other regions .
i admire his impressive knowledge of league of legends as a game but this is all overshadowed by his need to excessively hate on other teams that are n't korean .
i feels he would be a much better analyst/caster if he would keep the extreme bias to himself and be more professional .
tldr monte 's analysys is getting extremely old need to stop unprofessional bias
i would love to see their actual '' wedding .
just picturing chandler and joey 's side comments referring to the vegas trip ... .and then of course that reminds everyone of monica and chandler almost marrying .
it could be because the one after vegas '' is one of my favorite episodes but i ca n't stop thinking about the one where ross and rachel get married '' ! !
i have been together for one year now with my 20f girlfriend and the relationship has been serious from the start talking about long term and marriage .
however i am jealous to the extend that i check her facebook messages/phone when she is not there and check if she has searched for someone on facebook .
i know my behaviour is unacceptable but i just seem unable to stop .
the reason for my behaviour is i believe that my girlfriend has always been affectionate with her guyfriends .
all her friends from highschool used to be like that for example sitting on each others laps as friends but i am unable to accept this since this is not normal for my background .
whenever she goes out to clubs i get anxious that something will happen even though i know nothing will since she is not the kind of person that will cheat .
a few months ago i saw a picture on her phone where she was sitting on some guy 's lap together with another girl .
i was very hurt and she explained to me that it was just for the picture but that she will stop being so affectionate .
however she is still affectionate to the extend that it is still uncomfortable for me .
we have talked a lot about my jealousy and hers since she has great issues with the amount of piv sex i have had before her but i just cant seem to stop my jealousy .
tl dr i am jealous with how flirtatious my girlfriend is and check her social networks because of that .
i know what i am doing is wrong and immature but still ca n't help myself .
maybe a third opinion might influence me and stop me from being jealous .
irish catholics were despised by most wasps in the united states probably more so than we even see or understand today .
irish were equated to monkeys and often labeled 'the white negroes of europe ' those that entered the united states were often terrorized by protestants oranges nativists or the kkk .
irish catholics were widely despised through the 1800s and up to the 1950s there was no commonality with the rest of 'pure ' american traditional anglican protestants .
just like there 's no damn commonality between syrian refugees .
latin immigration arab immigration is very similar to european immigration in the terms of how the united states approached the situation with fearmongering rather than acceptance .
do n't forget we as catholics/immigrants were persecuted in the united states al smith lost his election because of it and even the power of tammany hall could n't have stemmed that flow .
i watched it a second time not because of the play but the whole video was well done and the reactions really showed how insane the play was lol
the damage aura and miss chance works while in egg .
i 'm in snitchcock rn and i 'm planning on staying in the dorm until the end .
the workload is at times a bit overwhelming but you get used to it quickly .
student culture is polarized there are definitely the anti-social types people really into their field people really into nerd culture people that like mainstream culture etc ...
i definitely know where you 're coming from i 've wanted to be a part of uchicago since 9th grade .
passion has n't changed yet although it 's come close .
no matter what though it always pays off when scav rolls around .
unlike in the us the spent fuel can be used to generate more electricity in a different reactor .
i subscribe because i want to continually support cig and i want to get back from that subscription in the form of better community content and a better game for everyone not because i want any special benefits or treatment myself .
i dunno we shot at school buses and it 'd sometimes tear them half but only barely .
far more impressive and lethal was the dragon at that picket it up and rolled it over .
mostly the tow just goes through it but yeah you hit an airliner with anything there is going to be a raging blast of fiery death .
i do n't own a tesla but i drive different cars very often .
in the cars that can do it i get really distracted by the odometer efficiency numbers etc .
when i get back into a car that does n't it 's a much better drive because i 'm not constantly trying to look at it .
i almost like not having it more than having it in front of my face .
thank you i had the same problem with the sentiment .
wait are you saying you think you do n't deserve a choice ? ''
i overlay my level 4 gagaga head and my gagaga drunk !
at t generally has better coverage than verizon in texas .
some groups are looking at implanting small receivers near the spinal cord to pick up signals and then relaying the information onto electrical stimulators for the muscles .
however the control you can gain from this type of strategy will only ever be so good .
there are millions upon millions of individual tiny wires '' running through the spinal cord with non-negligible variation from person to person and any receiver that we can design will only pick up the most course signal patterns .
with all of that that in mind i certainly think that electrical sensors/stimulator designs are an exciting area of research and will probably yield significant results for some patients .
this is terrifying because it means other people know that we do this .
while i 'm not particularly interested in the i actually do n't know what to call it so i 'll go with show i 'm aware of the dangers in the shit they pull off .
some stuff popped up on my youtube up thanks to my return to interest in fighting and i saw some guy get launched off this cell '' from like metres up from the ground .
i did n't see any padding so i 'll grant that man balls the size of me honestly though he looked kind of broken in the footage after .
i 'm a bit surprised shit like that 's even legal .
i know it goes back many years but how old is it ?
yes i 'm sorry i did n't mean to imply i needed shiny .
i 've just been wanting perfect ha lucario for awhile but it can be a pain to breed with how riolu ca n't lay eggs and all .
oh no you ca n't share links of albums which your cheap ass can pay for how awful !
you also ca n't be an instigating asshole that 's also really rough .
i 'm really sorry you ca n't go around calling people faggots here for no reason .
and it 's the perfect example you did n't break any rules you just sound like an idiot so you get your post hidden .
if you 're ok with buying fakes aliexpress sells one http www.aliexpress.com/item/2015-brand-rt-3-pcs-makeup-brushes-bold-metals-collection-essentials-powder-blush-shadow-contour-brush/32462683669.html
i am not a trader there but i hear you just need an out of usa ip address or tor and say you are from another country .
they do not allow us trading because of fincen usa regulations so they have to protect themselves and not allow usa ip address .
so maybe create a new account there and say you are not in usa and do not use ip address .
i 'm a depressed fur with my fair share of problems i do not talk about .
my social life is a disaster as i cope with disorders on an hourly basis .
the more i talk about it the more confused everyone gets the more assumptions they make about me and the more trouble i get into .
besides the fandom is a sad '' outlet for so many furries as it is .
the last thing i want to do is be one of those guys who spams others update feeds with woe is me '' stuff .
for a while i wanted to commission pictures of violence .
oh hell no wo n't touch that with a ten foot pole .
im with you but it 's a roller blading movie not a skater movie .
wow ... he does n't deserve that from you at all.he treated you like shit and you want to treat him well in breaking up ?
you can break up ... you have to go no contact block him from social sites and call the cops if he wont stop
had a hunter in ma do that to me while i was hunting .
he fired a shot off that hit a tree next to me from his stand and told me to fuck off or i 'll die for being in his area .
so i ducked behind a tree aimed at him and told him to drop the gun .
he realized pretty quickly i was behind good cover and he was stuck as a sitting duck in his stand .
we were hunting over a swamp so i came in on him kept the shotgun levelled on him got his shotgun .
emptied it of shells and tossed it in the swamp .
i then called the state police from beneath his tree stand and described him very well to them .
he was kind enough to try to piss on my head .
so i hiked out got in my truck pulled into some bushes and watched the trail head to try to get the id on his truck .
mouseover or click to view the metric conversion for this comment http fiddle.jshell.net/convertstometric/xhk4y5h5/show/light ? 10 20mph 20 2016.1 20km/h 0a 10 mph 16.1 km/h
wow that nice now i wo n't have to worry about some afv or recon vehicle keep shotting my leopard with their 20mm when i ca n't even know where the fuck they are .
nobody in this restaurant see 's the dude with an eye hand and the dude who 's head just unraveled ?
are baylor fans petulant little children because the greater college football community dislikes them or does the greater college football community dislike baylor fans because they 're petulant little children ?
we could go back and forth about it all night .
just remember that art briles wo n't be around forever .
kane seems to sort of just say weird stuff when he 's excited and everyone else just goes with it .
i still laughed i just thought it was inappropriate seriously no need for apologies though .
i often try to lighten the mood with a joke so i understand where you came from !
guess it 's up to me to take care of this .
rifleburn c'mon granny let 's go back behind the barn .
i hear there 's some good hooch back there .
he nods reaching out and grasping her hand weakly with his own ... she 's gon na be okay right ? ''
he says his eyes dropping a little due to both blood loss and pure exhaustion .
in all honesty the boy is probably scared shitless ... not happy .
you go from years of hearing nothing and all of a sudden all this shit starts blasting in your head .
democrat in denial shooting the messenger instead of the facts and the content .
yea the factor of reality makes a big difference for me
anyone alive for the early days of the internet has likely seen real videos that i find personally worse than this movie
there is a video of a dude shooting himself in the head and all the blood rushes out i think he was a corrupt politician about to be arrested and he pulls a gun .
the first time watching that i found much worse than this movie
i remember re watching it over and over again and a sinking sick feeling so i imagine this is what they are talking about i just never feel anything more then shock at best for movies
a few animal cruelty videos come to mind that made the rounds of rotten
i actually found irreversable more disturbing than this movie solely that it felt more believably real
the 2016 brownlow medallist is currently at odds bigger than 75-1
i posted a remake of the rihanna mashup but without the trap drums ... it 's impossible at least for me extract the beat from summit and add a trap thing .
wo n't have some t-mobile apps that come with the t-mobile rom is all .
how many other people here realised that the character fits both the bottom female plugs ?
i 'm a tad hesitant if these plants spew pollen and spores all over the place .
i mean they all worked out in the end but they were still like uggghhh at the time .
i had one of these as a kid growing up
2 the tape drives were 'high speed ' and really loud !
3 it was pretty much an apple ii clone .
if i recall correctly it ran most apple ii software
4 i think it had a word-processing mode built in that made it act just like a standard typewriter .
yeah i 'm the same kind of asshole when it comes to math .
our local food truck sold smultrings norwegian version of donuts for 1 15 3 40 5 60 10 130 .
so me and my friend decided to show him a math lesson and ordered 2x5 .
of course he tried to get 130 but we refused and actually got the 10 for 120 .
that was anyways too many smultrings to eat so we ended up throwing half of them away .
and it seems like he did n't get lesson .
the sign is still the same 2 years later .
the only way you could would be using virtual desktop
when i took the census i was still in a relationship so ... add however many 1 is to that number !
u fail go realize this alot but i have around 100 games played and that right there is 100k and i 'm having fun while doing it !
we have some games against the bruins so 6-76 is impossible
with you being our greatest evangelist wth are n't you in toolbox on irc ?
i realized how much he really cost in the shower .
now we need to make guides to teach people how to stream ?
should n't they be good enough to know how to do it themselves ?
and to lock lock screen '' with nova launcher prime dobule tap
it 's also pretty disgusting that there are people here defending the murder of george stinney .
i also wonder whether this is simply isolated hypocalcaemia from scorpion envenomation .
i know i 've always been taught to have drawn up calcium gluconate for scorpion stings early because that time spent drawing up might just be the difference between periarrest and arrest .
actually it is this symmetry breaking and the photon acquiring a mass
might wan na sober up before posting tip for the future
do n't ukip believe the eu has already seized power though ?
farage runs on the i want my country back ! ''
platform it sounds like they believe it 's already gone .
i told the guy like at 2 after his wife went home and he was slurring while on the phone .
dipshit got pissed and left his trash so happy i 've got him on the do not rent list .
when poland wins its very rarely a close call .
the civ is too consistently strong through the game so they just continually consolidate their current lead and pull ahead farther .
makes me wonder what exactly those two words were ...
yeah i know exactly what you mean about enjoying being alone it does feel nice with depression .
if you are looking for a way out of this despair then as much as you might hate it you need to be talking to people and being around them .
get support if you have the means for therapy ect .
i have been in treatment in an inpatient setting and i have seen people recover drastically from just pushing themselves to be with people and forming relationships .
it sucks i know i have n't gotten past it yet but if you are stronger than i am then please do .
that 's the big difference between tahm and thresh .
well they are both no-skill braindead abilities that give you a huge reward for pressing one button so there 's that .
alla politiska partier som är ärliga vill inte att de ska ha en plats i samhället .
målet är alltid att lösa problemet och sedan avveckla partiet och de lagar och institutioner som löste eller skapade problemet .
jag tror de allra flesta sd väljare inte hade valt sd om de inte uppfattat immigrationen och tidigare mest integrationen som problematisk .
att behovet av sd skulle försvinna för att de andra partierna skulle driva mer restriktiv invandringspolitik är därför inte emot väljarnas intressen .
the wrap completely ruins the look of the car .
i 'm a fan of salomondrin but imho this is just hideous .
note this is my current rough draft of the crafting mechanic i 'm currently developing for my system
my current way of doing this is giving types of materials a w u c and e .
a armour components primary needed to make armour clothing .
u usables componentes used on any kind of item that is destroyed '' after it 's use .
c catalyst this component defines how well the components mash together increases or decreases the effect of the item
this defines what kind of additional effect the item gains or what the bonus would be .
let 's say you kill a wolf wasp cc and gain wolf wasp a components gather some wolf wasp wax c and then obtain wolf wasp poison e
then you decide to make an armour out of those .
wolf wasp is a lvl 1 '' creature so that means it 's a 4 to armour bonus the wax is a weak catalyst 1 and the poison average .
so your light suit of wolf wasp armour would give you 3 wt 4 due to the base material 1 for the wax and 2 bio res .
if you would make a weapon from those materials let 's say you gathered w instead of a materials you could create a warpick which deals d10+8 average damage plus d10 bio damage on a successfull hit .
then if you gathered some wolf wasp royal jelly u and used the same to create a component it would be a healing potion that acts as an antidote .
its a bad idea to put the grounds down the drain .
i used to save my grounds in an old coffee can and use them on my garden why waste them lol .
still its not so hard so scrape out what is left in the press then rinse out the rest .
i think for the most part just about any build that uses daggers or 1h swords can be made to work with claws .
reave and cyclone would probably be the main choices although cyclone 's much more popular with 2h weapons right now .
i think claws tend to do less damage than daggers but regular claws give implicit life leech or life gain on hit and getting a double/twin/gemini claw can work as a complete mana solution too .
claws also do n't really have any synergy with dual wielding since their implicit is local unlike hook or piercing swords or any daggers .
the best use you can get out of claws relative to other weapons is probably using gemini claws to solve your mana issues to free up the gem slot/passive points that would normally be spent to do so but you still need to find other solutions for your mana while leveling .
overall from a min-maxing standpoint daggers or swords are probably better for most purposes especially for dual wielding .
but if you think claws are badass they should be perfectly viable and the advantage of using a less popular weapon type is that it 'll be cheaper to get a good one and the claw implicit especially the mana on hit from gemini claws can open up some options by removing the need to use blood magic gem or get any mana leech or regen from your tree or gear .
another option for claws is a southpaw reave build where you dual wield but only one of the weapons is one that works with reave .
for example you could use a claw in one hand and a lavingia 's wisdom relentless fury or death 's hand in the other hand .
you get the nice passive benefits of the other weapon and the dual wield block damage and attack speed bonuses but you only attack with one weapon so you do n't have to worry about the downsides of alternating weapons .
if you go reave this will almost certainly be stronger than using two claws .
well i felt bad because i forgot but i guess it 's a wash now .
the only reason for women 's bathroom to be cleaner .
it is a very well known fact that women use their bathrooms like savages .
how did you portray a women 's bathroom so well ?
i think of a men 's bathroom and take away reason and accountability ''
honestly and i 'm not trying to be nitpicky your writing seems to use wayyy to many big complicated words that have no place in what you 're trying to say other than an attempt to seem more intelligent .
say what you mean and mean what you say understand the words you 're using .
i want to make sense of the wisdom you 're communicating but your writing makes absolutely no sense .
and i do n't understand what you mean by aliens '' ?
99 of people who read your comment would know what you meant .
i would go up the stairs on my knees to eat your pussy honey
well i mean amy and rory technically died on him .
wenger saw the diamond hiding in the rough waiting to be brought out .
amazing what a lack of injuries will do for a player 's development
i could be mistaken but i do n't think these are the op 's dogs .
stopping the fight was in my opinion the right thing to do .
not because it prevented lemieux from taking too much '' punishment though .
i 've honestly never seen someone take ggg 's shots as well as lemieux did for 8 rounds and stay as determined as he was .
lemieux showed great determination and chin today and i honestly think he thought he could still win the fight right up until it was stopped .
the reason stopping the fight was the right call was because it was n't going to change in the last 4 rounds from what we could see .
lemieux landed i think 5 or 6 shots that would have shook a lot of fighters pretty bad two of those even got ggg off kilter for a sec and made him clinch or even ko 'd them .
to add to that ggg was picking up momentum big time in his combinations right before the stoppage .
nakakatamad kc same same ung mga kwento ng iba .
maybe i should 've added that besides not working for us the laws are very clearly not working for the immigrants as well .
by humanity you mean the laws that motivate the entire crisis and lead to all the death and suffering by telling the migrants they can come and live great lives here if they just manage to find a smuggler who will take them to greece on a shitty boat or who will stuff 71 of them in a meat truck headed for germany ?
you clearly made your decision and convinced yourself it 's the right one but at least drop the sense of moral superiority murderer .
players can now teleport to teammates provided that both characters have a cell phone in their inventory and the players have constructed something resembling a cell tower somewhere in the world . ''
and playing defense is just as easy as playing offense
is it me or is it complete insanity that people are paying that amount for visual dlc for a game that has n't released yet ?
you seemed to miss the point he was making so let me reiterate that for you .
i find it hard to understand how the fanboyism of this game reaches so deep that players will actively defend something like this when on any other early access kickstarted or otherwise crowdfunded game they crucify for microtransactions pre-release .
similar thing happened to me in the small town i live in .
bullshit rumor started by someone that i had ironically helped through bad situation after bad situation .
i can always tell when someone new has heard the rumor and although i have never heard the rumor myself it must be pretty horrible .
i have been at my current job for about 4 months and have n't experienced the turn '' in anyone yet but i 'm sure it 's coming .
you basically just said what happens when one side creates soldiers who are immune to death ? !
i like popping my own but the reasons for that do n't apply to popping other people 's .
if you 're a tv snob then no you would n't like it .
if you enjoy things for entertainment value then yes watch heroes .
it may not be the best show out there but if the premise interests you the show will entertain .
you 'd have to remove all the clear too do the dip has something flat and consistent to stick to .
see if you can get it clear coated again if the paint itself is fine
been together with my wife since we were 18 married 21 32 now .
got a dog a house 24 had kids 25 it is so awesome to be married to my best friend .
someone who will always have my back no matter what she is fun to hang around and joke with crack a few beers while bbq'n and watching our younglings play and laugh..
absolutely throughout it all though we kept our goals in mind and our respect for each-other typically keeps things civilish .
sex is super important and i have a partner who is into experimenting and having fun do n't let anyone tell you this does n't matter .
we are both huge into outdoor rec camping hiking kayaking etc .
this is also a huge part of our relationship especially now that we are adventuring together as a family .
tldr it would 've been easier to say what 's not so great about being married ?
the answer to this would be i cant imagine enjoying life any other way with any other person it can be scary to love someone so deeply and depend on them .
yotta laughs ans scratches the back of his head just like you remember .
he better be and he better treat you well .
i might not be on the team anymore but i remember all the door codes . ''
armor seems to show up out of nowhere and yotta 's voice gets modulated .
is there a switch somewhere on the laptop to turn on and off the webcam ?
i used to scoot under the bathtub faucet some of my best orgasms came from that running water .
unfortunately i moved into a third-floor suite a few years ago and the water pressure is too weak to get me off .
this is killing me lmao i love this so much
even if you delete it and fill your inventory it 'll just show up at your postmaster .
laurea prima is like that girl you bent over backwards for but just ended up being the crazy ex girlfriend who stalks you .
yes a documentary that was only watched because robin williams is now dead ... not being a dick it was a question do n't be so fucking sensitive .
your submission was automatically removed because igcdn-photos-g-a.akamaihd.net is not an approved site .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/hiphopimages if you have any questions or concerns .
yeah that 's definitely how it was initially intended to be but i feel like this day and age the focus is almost completely on the best '' part so why pretend .
tbh i have joked about this the whole tournement because of the asians honor principels and so on..
said china gon na disown them shoot the plain down and say they have dishonored our country..
its quite common from their fans dont know why that elitist kinda atittude cant be healthy for the players and are a good picture of those people who aint even a fan but just bandwagonning.. over there its a bit more extreme and i feel like for every one of thoose comments the commentator should be allowed to stream one game of league and have others berate him for his sucky plays and so on..
it reeks of communisme the kinda mentality they have like the glorius '' mother russia the great country of china ...
i am a socialist but if you compare korea and china i feel china is harder on their teams actualy than korea is ...
its good the coaches are keeping the players away from social medias these are kids who are trying their hardest and are threathen because of a computer game..
china dont have anything to hold their pride in league of legends in no worlds a few iems and thats about that final contenders two years running korea is the fourth time they properly are gon na hit the finals .
so china is properly gon na fall down a little in power ranks internationly but hopefully they will play a little smartere next splits so their graps of metas is better next time around and build around consistency..
what 's a good website that i can look up these suggestions to choose which ones i want to read without having the plots spoiled ?
heh forgot military can mean much more then naval when i typed that up but i think you picked up on that d thanks for the answer .
you ca n't make custom color for that you can only use the cl_crosshaircolor 0-3 ?
i definitely would have told someone about making a heart with my period .
things i want to tell but sometimes do n't i generally do because my friends are just as gross as i am
anything awesomely disgusting including but not limited to squeezing a giant pimple random giant period clots surprise periods really anything period related
hilarious porn and sexual advice the alice in wonderland musical the grapefruit blow job video a website hosting the worlds most beautiful labia contest
nipple hairs specifically that i like to grow them then whip 'em out and gross people out when drunk semi-related once my friend got his balls out while drunk because he 'd just shaved or something ...
how much i love love love saying the word vulva ''
i sometimes forget other people are n't so open with these things ...
you do n't have your friend code in your flair .
please allow a few minutes for the flair bot to update your flair and do not respond to its message .
if your flair has symbols please message the mods to get your flair updated .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/relaxedpokemontrades if you have any questions or concerns .
this is fucking stupid just use the knife to scrape off the black part .
i figured this out when i was about 7 and burnt my toast .
unfortunately yes because people think they 're total anarchists or in post-apocalyptic films .
i for one rather enjoy the rebuilds however unlike other people i 'm not gon na criticize you for it .
if you do n't like it it 's fine with me .
i feel the same way about end of evangelion as you do about the rebuilds but if there 's somebody who enjoys it it 's fine with me .
that 's an insult to sailor moon looks a hell of a lot better than that game .
sure go ahead i 'm not plannig on trade them anytime soon .
i 'm sri lankan i lived in england for majority of my life then during high-school my family move to australia and because of my accent my friends started calling my mr british man hence the name .
i am on an 1800 calorie diet and after dinner i was only at 1200 .
so i was like i have permission to snack now '' so while watching tv last night all i could think about was what should i have for a snack what should i have for a snack ? ''
i hope it just turns into something i do out of habit and forget about until the next meal
ireland used up too many players in tackles and had nobody outside .
over their refusal to remove occupying forces from their sovereign territory yes .
sc fires on a fort kills no one and then 45,000 troops are headed south to restore the peace '' .
i think i will keep it like this but add some more details here and there .
i would say get it cut short after and get some patience to grow it out again .
trying to even out an undercut after a couple of months might look just messy in my opinion but it depends on how your hair sits .
both sides of my torso have literally ripped open .
my internal organs are spilling out on to my floor .
i 'm dropping to my knees blood gushing from my enormous wounds .
the darkness begins to creep in and all i can think of is just how funny that joke is .
keep doing this and your baby will never develop a robust enough immune system
actually magic exists but muggles like you have it hidden from you thanks to the international statue of wizarding secrecy .
last semester was the first time in my years of college that i received a grade higher than a c in a chemistry course ochem ii .
i 'm a biochem major and i love every second of trying to wrap my head around the concepts and reactions but man is it an uphill battle .
i do fear that i am enabling her though .
i agree i think that would make it a much more interesting sub .
thought experiments philosophy discussion of potential time travel issues and mechanisms etc .
or like you said the odd story of paranormal experiences based on losing time or losing sync with time as long as they 're not creative writing exercises .
the whole world circle jerks netflix because it 's fucking amazing
i think we should build more cars like this for people who are terrible a backing up .
he also likes to wait tables in his spare time ... .maybe
although i have done pieces for friends and i only charged them for supplies .
but i would never do a job that took me weeks for wholesale .
fwiw i have only heard that swear used in its full form que te folle un pez espada . ''
i do n't know what it is honestly the kids parents dancing penguins ...
sleeping pads hold heat a lot better than an air mattress .
talk to u/patchvonbraun and i think maybe u/superkuh does radio astronomy too .
also check out the rtlsdr chat room link in sidebar for folks who can help you on that topic .
579 op is a member of the true master race .
the article was not about ted cruz in fact it was a lot more interesting than the clickbaity title makes it sound like it is .
oh never mind it was n't a true threat . ''
let 's give him a crown for being king of the awesome people .
i do n't think he deserves to go to jail but his employer sure as hell had a right to fire him .
if you were black or trans would you feel comfortable getting your insurance from a company that continued to hire this douchebag ?
and do n't go on the internet if you ca n't deal with people shaming you for having terrible opinions .
without a doubt the game i regret the most so fucking slow .
perhaps the same is true for denmark and anders fogh rasmussen ?
then the little birds have babies and the crows enjoy birdie sushi .
nah i 'm not a troll i 'm just bored af and you keep replying ... have a nice day man
he 's set to play and gets the majority of his yardage from receiving .
water needs vary so impossible to know but i would get more sodium and drink to thirst
you did n't have the s at the end .
people who only speak redditeze ca n't understand you .
... unless he bought a shitload of rum and whores i do n't think he spent like a drunken sailor '' either .
drunken sailors make much better decisions than scott walker .
a drunken sailor would n't turn down 800m for his shipmates .
now i wonder how much poo that big boy would drop a day
but i hope it does go to jmu my sis went there and it 's def my second team .
yeah i could totally see making that decision if only every three bathrooms was unconverted at a stadium .
its not like those things are right next to each other
my guess is that one of her pictures hit front page from r/celebs and someone linked this subreddit in the comments .
and i bet the ticket was n't as much as car payment either .
thinking about this has made me all nostalgic for aquafest and hackysack .
had to open the article to remember who sandra bland was because this shit happens too much and i have lost the ability to keep track of all these victims ' names in my head .
i u/remiel baron of twickenham do solemnly sincerely and truly declare and affirm that i will be faithful and bear true allegiance to her majesty queen elizabeth her heirs and successors according to law
by any chance you 'd be willing to ship to italy ?
i 'm interested in biore watery essence rose sunscreen and biore watery essence sunscreen
according to rule 1 posts here should have a topic of debate where you state your own stance .
if you just want a discussion post in r/christianity or r/askachristian .
on top i do n't have to spend 40 dollars for popcorn and sugar water .
regardless of what bungie advertises i 've seen a lot more drops in past ib events .
this one had way less and they advertised it as it would be your primary source and the drop rates increased .
first off you still have enough time to reach plat you just need to play more ranked and have a more positive mindset .
you do n't have to look for a role with the lowest mechanical demands because there is variance in champion difficulty in every role .
do n't force yourself into a role because you feel you do n't have time to improve your mechanics .
that being said some mechanically easy champs for each role i would suggest are
all adc 's play similiarly so the easiest adc will usually be whoever is strongest at the time .
another good set of champions to learn is those who are still useful when behind .
ie lissandra can still lock down targets when behind and be useful but a lb who falls behind and ca n't oneshot is n't so useful .
let me give you an answer that sounds nice but makes an argument that says nothing and is abstract enough that it ca n't be questioned ''
sound of scratching my pillow with my nails created an awesome laser sound that i 'm going to use it again in y tracks some day p
these days the only time you actually get turbo noises are on supercars or if someone has modified their car to make those noises .
most consumer cars are using bypass valves that vent back into the airbox instead of to the atmosphere .
it 's a bit more efficient and much better for emissions control .
plus with pwm wastegates which can flap on the order of milliseconds there 's really no reason to vent to atmosphere unless you have an extremely high performance application .
mr. milko is a hell of a nice guy and talented !
if everyone who had to compete with as broad a field as immigrants '' for a job was against them coming here there 'd never be immigration because nearly everyone would be against it .
kids going to be the upset between eichel and mcdavid
if veganism were healthy it would have been widely if not universally practiced throughout human evolutionary history
i really have no idea why you 'd think this is correct .
if yoga were healthy it would have been widely if not universally practiced throughout human evolutionary history .
but it has n't been so yoga is n't healthy .
you can replace yoga with any of the following vaccinations analyzing x-rays chemotherapy etc .
though technically it 's a hack i do n't use it for unfair advantages .
hell i hate fob so i actively avoid it but literally seeing more of the scene as it unfolds is just so bad ass .
once you go ultra-wide there 's no going back .
but from what i remember harwell spoke about the opposition to that amendment but i ca n't recall any opposition .
i 'm sorry if i sound stupid but is armenian and russian similar/same ?
another question is it safe to go to russia from the armenian border ?
i ask this because for example the iranian-pakistan border is not really the safest place in the world .
yeah definitely i 'll buy a phonetic phrase book and go around butchering the armenian language .
i wonder if any country would ever consider invading the us in open combat .
on top of dealing with their giant military they 'd have to deal with the 3rd largest population in the world with the highest gun per resident ownership rate .
it 'd make occupying the middle east look like babysitting kindergarten .
your post/comment has been removed for the following reason s
now i 've been on the internet for about twenty years and i 've seen it all .
shit son i 've seen a grown ass man dressed like a little girl playing a bass guitar and singing a song about how drinking milk will make his boobs grow in korean before chugging so much milk he had to vomit .
i 've seen gore poop blood guts gore piss shit puke gore in almost every single combination possible strung out into horrifying situations that are nothing less than an all out assault on sanity .
i 've seen drawings of giant bugs molesting little girls diseases grown rampant over all parts human and animal that i know to exist .
people ingesting poop puking the poop back out putting the puked out poop back in their mouths .
i 've seen live eels pass through the digestive track of human beings inanimate objects being stuck up holes they have no business being stuck up .
time and time again i have expanded my consciousness and eroded my soul by exposing myself to the most vile and abominable concepts the collective human race has been able to dream up .
and yet all that pales in comparison to the dead-eyed look of devilish delight that guy has in this video .
i am convinced he is a demon that has driven this young woman mad and is mocking us all by putting her on display .
he feeds off her madness and taunts us by showing the tiniest hint of his true form .
look into his eyes as she pleasures him look and behold beelzebub himself the mad and joyful imp feeding for all to see .
i thought the universes were just simply other groups of planets not alternate realities ?
what the average age of these guys on the ice ?
i actually didnt know he was doing visas for bands knew he was in law of some sort .
i must 've seen that movie at least twenty-five times by now .
used to have the entire script memorised off by heart .
sky stands up slowly and looks at blue base then at emma .
sky takes emma 's hand and starts walking slowly towards blue base
i had the same complaints as these other people and that 's what kept me from going the past 2 years .
i 'm stuck at work until 2 am though .
it was so upbeat we need more optimism on the left .
i bet your mom wanted to name you miracle because of the three fail abortion attempts .
the poor thing might still be alive but the after effects are very real it can not dress it self nor can it make basic decisions .
such as making sure finger nail polish goes on your nails and not in your hair .
see thats where i get confused too everyone telling me to raise to 2000 and ill still lose but if i raise myself off 1000 calories i stall aswell .
i read it and still am confused what your connection is .
tossing a fireball in a dudes face is very satisfying .
to be awarded the base you have to do all the following
make an honest effort to dodge it if it 's reasonable
however there are some cases where you can kinda tell that the batters are pretty good at looking like they 're trying to dodge while not really doing anything to move out of the way .
ok i 'll get that bred and let you know once it is ready .
do n't have any on hand so will probably take a couple of days .
re your pm about a perfect dusk vivillon how many eggs would you be thinking off ?
not saying i can do them right now due to clearing breeding queue but i can think about the idea whilst i am .
i grew up watching the wings cause there was no team in mn for a while .
every time a contemporary player is compared to someone anyone who played in the 80 's or early 90 's it drives me nuts cause the game is so different now .
ummm you 're referring to less than 50 of the range of time that i clearly stated
do you not think that a dedicated post just encourages it ?
i said it last week and i 'll say it again .
just because lsu does n't pass the ball a lot does n't mean they ca n't .
if you play all of your drives in daily tournaments we will accept you .
if you miss any though you 'll be booted .
we 've had issues with people not doing their drives causing losses .
it was popular for dos gaming due to its high compatibility and good speed
i think your angel got it right when she started hitting satan and telling her not to touch her daughter .
then blow on it like you would on your hot coffee
i have a few people who are hatching for me do you mind waiting a little bit ?
i 'll let you know when i can get you added !
i feel like a lifelike life sized replica of a man 's asshole and taint would probably get a couple looks if a woman brought one on a train .
you are comparing dildos to a literal replica vagina and asshole in a huge box which very clearly shows said vagina and asshole on public transit .
why does everything have to be a goddamn gender thing
is n't the whole foundation of reddit to allow the community decide what they think is enough of an industry figure ?
i dislike what the mods there are doing but at the same time i do n't think it 's as simple as always letting the votes decide .
the thing is while reddit is designed around votes being a form of crowdsourced moderation it 's also designed around specific volunteer moderators being the final word in what is/is n't appropriate .
the trouble with let the votes decide what should exist '' is that it can lead to bad situations quite easily because votes are fickle and do n't always represent the community perfectly .
here 's an example that came up for me recently .
i moderate a sub based on a fairly popular game one which goes on sale ridiculously often almost once a week i 'd estimate .
every time a site that allows affiliate codes has a sale the sub is slammed with many posts from people linking their affiliate code plugging the site/sale .
very often these are new accounts that have never posted in the sub before and only have a history of posting affiliate links in various subs .
a couple weeks ago one of these posts got upvoted a fair bit and when the mods pulled it down the person complained making exactly the same argument you made .
it was upvoted so the community wanted it so you had no right to remove it .
that 's not how reddit is supposed to work ! ''
makes sense on the surface but do votes excuse essentially
should all big subs allow referral codes and just let voters duke it out over who gets paid real money for their reddit-success ?
votes are important and mods can be jerks wrong whatever but there 's no denying that they 're meant to be a part of the site/system as well .
like i said i 'm not defending the mods ' decision to remove all tb posts it seems asinine of them to me but the first sentence of your post seemed worth a reply purely for its own sake unrelated to the current topic .
hey september was a month ago have you gotten back yet ?
moving a stalk up and down to activate the turn signals is too mainstream so here is a rocker switch that does n't cancel when you are done turning . ''
i 'm rooting for you as hard as i can panthers !
hey ... sorry to interrupt ... ./*finds his trunks and kicks lolas bra unseen under the bed needed my trunks ... hot tub ... ./*actually sorry sorry about that ... .want the door locked ? ... .
i remember buying hl2 on the day of release in 2004 with 2 year old bog standard shop bought pc i think 2gb ram radeon 9800 and being terrified that it would n't run .
it ran smooth as silk in hd with most settings on high and nothing below medium .
say what you want about valve and their attitude towards their fans etc that game was optimised as fuck .
blue buff solves that early and getting a frozen heart seems to solve it for the most part .
while tank udyr is awesome for team fights in bear stance
i have a pipe stand next to my ashtray that doubles as a cigar holder .
danny shelton was a bit over-hyped coming out of camp but has n't been awful .
cameron irving has played very few snaps mainly as a blocking tight end so i 'd say too early to tell if it 's good or bad .
the firstly few seasons were pretty bad but seasons five and six are great .
i try to convince people that it 's a valuable part of star wars but it 's so hard for.people to get past the first season .
your time horizon is so huge that i would just take that risk for a higher return .
yeah i got a bit carried away before noticing it was a five month old post .
it 's because the game 's host made a setting that put restrictions on the decks you can use .
so for example somebody can restrict a lobby to be national decks only or demand that you use a specialization mechanized armored whatever .
i have a 6 tetra never use her even in hard
with any luck all these hypocritical christians will disappear into thin air !
oregon well portland has great food and is a small big city so easy to see a lot of what the city and surrounding areas have to offer in a relatively short time .
all you need is valid id and to be over 21
i 'd say it more so depends on what you 'd like to do besides get high .
i found some pbr in the back of my fridge .
i 'm going into detox on the 26th and then outpatient afterwards .
wait it took you two years to realize this ? !
yes of course it is acceptable to give up on online dating whenever you want .
also realize that okc and other dating sites are n't trying to find you dates they are trying to keep you as a user watching their ads .
if nothing else disable your account for a couple weeks and then turn it back on .
okc will give you better matches if they think they are going to lose you as a user otherwise .
it 's kinda painful that valve is n't implementing better sets that are out there because i would 've definitely bought a set or two because i love the hero .
i have left reddit for voat https voat.co due to years of admin mismanagement and preferential treatment for certain subreddits and users holding certain political and ideological views .
the situation has gotten especially worse since the appointment of ellen pao as ceo culminating in the seemingly unjustified firings of several valuable employees and bans on hundreds of vibrant communities on completely trumped-up charges .
the resignation of ellen pao and the appointment of steve huffman as ceo despite initial hopes has continued the same trend .
as an act of protest i have chosen to redact all the comments i 've ever made on reddit overwriting them with this message .
if you would like to do the same install tampermonkey https chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/tampermonkey/dhdgffkkebhmkfjojejmpbldmpobfkfo for chrome greasemonkey https addons.mozilla.org/en-us/firefox/addon/greasemonkey for firefox ninjakit https github.com/os0x/ninjakit for safari violent monkey https addons.opera.com/en/extensions/details/violent-monkey for opera or adguard http adguard.com for internet explorer in advanced mode then add this greasemonkey script https greasyfork.org/en/scripts/10905-reddit-overwrite-extended .
finally click on your username at the top right corner of reddit click on the comments tab and click on the new overwrite button at the top of the page .
you may need to scroll down to multiple comment pages if you have commented a lot .
after doing all of the above you are welcome to join me on voat https voat.co !
i did get the first one free a while back in some promotion .
what would veteran players recommend i do play 1 or buy 2 while it 's only 5 ?
i 've accidentally deleted some of my stuff before but managed to get it back .
as i said i was able to get back the stuff i lost in it .
and it did n't lose the stuff itself i did something .
her name is captain phasma and she 's played by gwendoline christie famous for her role as brienne of tarth on game of thrones .
i 'm pretty sure that 's all that we know about her .
uhm ... medyo iba-iba kasi tayo ng paraan sa pagkalimot depende rin sa sitwasyon .
yun lang siguradong may moment sa isang araw na mapapatigil ka at shet ayan nanaman ang alaala niya at badtrip nanaman .
ultimately nang hindi ko pinipilit i move on with my life .
like recently tinanggap ko na lang na umasa ako at natalo told myself na wala ding patutunguhan kung magpapaapekto pa ako sa kanya kasi nga tangina wala naman siyang pakialam sa'ken punyeta at base sa pagmumunimuni ko hindi siya worth it .
back when it was released there were serious concerns about it replacing '' melee as the main '' smash game
likewise there existed melee players that wanted the game to die a slow painful death .
he did n't swerve to hit the woman right ?
i 've seen their games on consoles but i 'm not sure the full collection is available that way .
back in the day lucasarts the star wars guys were kings of the adventure game .
towards the beginning of this century they were developing a sequel to one of the greats of the genera sam and max hit the road .
unfortunately the management decided the genre was dead and axed the project when it was near completion .
so the development team left on mass includine the copyright holder for sam and max and started their own company to make their owm sam and max game .
naruto and bleach during the teenage years is something i 'd want to show .
when op is older this solution might be a good laugh .
most of those things are so popular as houseplants because they do n't care about seasonality .
you can reduce the lighting hours in the winter if you 'd like to give them windowsill type conditions .
also remember that succulents are perfectly happy in cooler conditions and could probably be in the window so long as it 's not so cold it 's freezing .
man i 'm not one to hate on ee but generally i 've seen few games with him .
i know all the memes but thought he was better than this .
mlg has made me realise that he 's incredibly overrated..
when it comes to epics armour mastery does not matter .
of the top two epic sets for eles one of them is a plate set .
i do n't get how to mark posts so i do n't do it .
mathematically it 's easy to modify point gains if you want to untilt '' anything for example at low ratings .
would love to see more of that sexy body .
play it slower and look at it frame by frame then .
i hope you realize w33 had the same networth as ee with a midas and also lost 2 gems ...
to beat him you simply just need to do 101 push-ups 101 sit-ups 101 squats and then a 11 km run every single day.. for 3 years and one day .
admit it if it was a ubisoft game you would put the blame on ubisoft
i once put money in my eshop wallet to buy pokemon x only for it to require an sd card bigger than what i owned at the time so i went and bought a physical copy of x .
when link between worlds got released a month or 2 later i was good to go
that 's the thing i never really rooted against them before they left for the sec or the johnny football craze .
i was indifferent but it was a fun texas rivalry .
its the way their fans talk now without winning anything that makes it easy for me to smile when they lose .
no the ss was cyrogenically frozen and kept alive in the vault for 200 years after the bombs fell and then evidently let loose for reasons as of yet unknown
well first of all it is illegal to charge people electricity for anything but their use .
as such by dividing the electric bill between all the tenants your landlord is acting outside the law so that isnt much of an argument .
i would expect he is also charging you for the electricity to the common areas as well which is utility theft .
if he was acting within the law he would have to charge more rent and pay the electricity himself .
practically i would find a new place to live since your landlord doesnt know the law .
last time i saw one of those posts people were saying he 's 24 and just looking for attention .
i do n't know if it 's true but people definitely have been saying that for a long time now
your submission has been automatically removed because your title does not follow the proper format .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/clashofclansrecruit if you have any questions or concerns .
i switched to pc a few years ago and have n't looked back since .
that being said i 'd watch you play on a literal potato .
i 'm not sure what the problem is with bringing a mod to the bar .
a subox mini still fits in the pocket does n't leak to cause a problem ... and if you 're drinking just put some high nic juice in there ahead of time !
i was 2 packs a day when i quit and now instead of smoking more when i drink i just vape more .
lewandowski muller vidal costa gotze javi martinez boateng xabi alonso thiago lahm alaba neuer etc .
i looked back at the video and realized my mistake .
living with ghosts as buildings with teeth is their latest album .
every fallout game has been fucking awesome in my opinion .
it looked like a clear catch to me in the replay
no idea how do n't know there usernames do n't have twitter
same ol ' lions getting my hopes up early just so they can cover my spirit with boogers and cum later on .
we have some of the best uniforms in the league they all look sharp
please post only to the allowed image domains on the sidebar .
police have better things to do than deal with non-crimes which this is .
at first i thought you 'd posted scott mcneil '' ... a voice artist from dbz transformers gundam wing .
that 's some epic art so jelly '' right now as batman might say .
a faith worse than a faith worse than death ! ''
2 seconds before turning around that cat was nose deep in his balls
oh now i see my mistake and that statement is true .
i count one new gesture though if it catches on mobile touching will finally be able to match the functionality of a mouse 1:1 in that we could use touch to mean hover '' and force to mean click '' .
lack of hover for touchscreens disallows most of modern game design to properly carry over to mobile .
ok all of these are really corny and pretty bad but brainstorming is never pretty .
just wanted to add i 'm full time studying nowadays no school or work .
if in doubt go with onions is what i say .
i do n't see a lot of shit posting here .
it will come as the sub gets bigger but it 's much better than the heroes sub .
i 'm totally for the migrants being allowed to go where they please but it 's pretty fair to say that islam is n't european .
it has always been a force of invasion in europe spain and the balkans were both islamicized by outsiders .
'' boring '' is good when you 've spent so much time under stress .
the other was living up to that potential while safely inside a car .
my only issue with this is that no one follows through in my experience .
i feel like i just end up coming off as really weird and pushy later on when i 'm trying to get us all to hang out again .
░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▐░░░░░░ ░░░░░░▄▄▄░░▄██▄░░░░░ ░░░░░▐▀█▀▌░░░░▀█▄░░░ ░░░░░▐█▄█▌░░░░░░▀█▄░ ░░░░░░▀▄▀░░░▄▄▄▄▄▀▀░ ░░░░▄▄▄██▀▀▀▀░░░░░░░ ░░░█▀▄▄▄█░▀▀░░░░░░░░ ░░░▌░▄▄▄▐▌▀▀▀░░░░░░░ ▄░▐░░░▄▄░█░▀▀░░░░░░░ u have been spooked by
send this to 4 ppl or skelintons will eat you
you could do surveys but the truly fastest way is to somehow get a minimum wage job for an hour or so and straight up buy the gems .
you can reach it if you quickly sprint jump once you hit the top of the ladder .
they should edit the name out like trump does on his free to play account
i 'll have to go with my country 's trademark soup trahanás .
https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tarhana it 's crushed wheat mixed with yogurt separated in big chunks and left to dry in the sun .
come winter you take some of those chunks and throw them in boiling water together with some pieces of halloumi .
i 'm watching w my roommates who tend to be pretty loud when cheering for their teams .
my understated oh nice '' was confusing to them when compared to my depression after the denver came .
this team has basically sapped my enthusiasm from me ...
there is an article in this month 's bbc history magazine that covers this .
basically there was a common language and inter tribal trade between the south and europe but it is not clear how far these connections spread over the uk .
for a more in depth answer i am not the person to ask as i have n't studied this in any depth so would n't want to speculate .
i had to use lte disc app to see i had h first then after the switch in the apn to ipv4 it went to lte .
i did n't do anything on my ipad it was lte when we landed .
my android just shows a signal bar and r '' for roaming .
if only a certain part of him is the deciding factor then yeah that 's messed up .
a lot of people on this thread make it seem like even so much as thinking of the guys financial situation or a part of his body automatically dehumanizes him which i think is really silly .
i think i read a thread on here a few days ago that mentioned they were actually better at video games after a while of no pmo so nofap might be good for you in more than one way p
i use stealth in most games but fucking suck at actual stealth games .
this ooooh your bills are all the same color tee hee '' thing is usually coming from people who are pulling out their little white currency exchange envelopes note this makes you look like a dimwitted rich tourist .
you 're making yourself a target full of large brand new bills .
the large bills are n't even slightly different colors they 're blatantly different colors .
when you hand me a distinctly obviously purple 50 dollar bill and crack a joke about how hard our money is because it 's all green i just do n't even know how to respond to that .
like i know that on the american tv shows you watch all the money is animated to be bright green/they use bright green prop money but .
you do n't think americans all have yellow skin just because you saw it on the simpsons why are you earnestly calling is blatantly purple object green just because you saw it on the simpsons ?
do n't think op was expecting it to get so big .
the reality is that comprehensive are shit the few that are n't have extremely high housing costs .
how about we just say rich people ca n't even attend those ?
why do n't we send them to the worst school in tottenham ?
they obviously deserve that for having money the cunts .
so i got 400k burning a hole in my pocket and after pulling vick in draft champs i kinda want him .
but do n't want to pay 400k if next week he 's going to be worth 60k .
what do you guys think about buying him for 400k should i wait or pass all together ?
okay so i really really want to come out soon .
i 'm a closeted 15 year old guy have only told a handful of friends .
i am absolutely sure i 'll be accepted with friends and at school in general but ...
some are accepting some are bigoted as fuck my dad especially and so while i have no problem telling people at school i 'm very worried about it with my family .
i 've been thinking about coming out at school and not with my family but i 'm afraid of it spreading to them through anything whether an accidental comment irl or on fb .
i do n't really plan on telling my family until i move out so i wo n't have to endure the pain or lose support .
it 's really hard to not just shout out i 'm gay ''
joseph was never one to let inspiration get away from him he 'd as often jot down ideas for some strange machine as his own class notes however today was especially bad .
knowledge flooded his mind knowledge of chemistry and ores .
as soon as umbrata this guy is full of himself '' delvanis ' class was over he rushed over to his dormroom to his workshop .
need flooding him he searched for a pair of tongs and a forge .
he had none hardly stopping he grabbed a sledghammer metal did n't always come in the shape you wanted and some metal and practically dove down the stairs to the cement sidewalk .
with a few brutal swings he 'd cracked open a hole big enough to be a forge pit if he was smart about it .
flooding it with oil all it took was a quick burst of flame to get the heat just the temperature he wanted .
he sticks the metal in and starts pounding it with a hammer .
loud clear rings are heard throughout the school as he works away his sudden influenced mood ...
2 hours later with his hands scalded and his brow dripping with sweat he looked upon his creation .
it was no larger than a standard claw hammer it had one head shaped like a wedge and another like a block while its handle was made of quickly shaped iron designed like a double helix .
anyone know anyone that can fix my iphone 5 display i tried fixing the battery and broke the licd display looking for a cheap price .
myself and my wife will be ending our work contract at a similar time next year and having recently become parents we were thinking that it might be an opportunity that wont come along very often in the future .
we 're hoping to take a month to explore .
we moved out to australia from the uk just under 3 years ago and have since stuck mainly around nsw .
we 're starting to save now so am trying to form a picture of what the trip will look like some things i guess to consider our daughter will be about 15 months old we both are outdoors people and love camping we ca n't afford to do hotels for the entire month but the odd luxury treat wont hurt we live in sydney and have done 4 hours drive north and south pretty frequently so looking further afield it will be august !
regions to stay away from at that time of year ?
in my head i 've plucked a ballpark budget of say 3500 4000 to cover everything for around a month .
so i have n't played in a few alphas and the whole animal thing is new still .
i have a dog and its injured and downed i want to rescue it but the game wo n't let me .
every time i click rescue i get a message saying can not rescue no reachable un-reserved non-prisoner bed . ''
i have a pet box an unreserved bed and an extra sleeping spot .
so i 'm at a loss here how do i save my dog ?
how to surprise your lover with an oral delight !
my stories are all gender neutral so the advice is universal .
as long as someone in the mix has a penis they can experience a blowjob .
i highly suggest reading through the anal section the first book in my instructional series titled the art of anal .
preparing for oral with potential deepthroating is pretty similar to the prepwork required for anal except you know opposite ends .
it is paramount that you take things slow and play safe .
its a choking hazard especially things with tiny batteries .
confidence is always the first step to any sexual encounter .
this is something i post at the beginning of all my guides .
whether you are attracting a mate trying something new or assuring your partner that 'it wo n't hurt ' confidence is the most valuable player .
this is definitely not a recommended option and has a huge fail rate .
if you do not really understand what you are doing you or your partner will get hurt .
getting hurt will ruin that experience and will destroy any trust you have formed preparing for this activity .
your partner will most likely not want to participate in this activity again .
ultimately there was no actual confidence gained but there was a lot to lose .
the best way to gain confidence is through knowledge .
knowledge is gained either through trial error or eduaction reading this is a step in educating yourself !
education also reduces the amount of error in your trials increasing your pleasurable experiences .
◆flavored lube ask for intercourse safe like wicked id or system jo
◆non lubricated condoms if you wear condoms when you bump uglys wear them when he bumps his ugly to your pretty
◆external virbator to press against the outside of your cheek or on his balls
◆candles try soy candles so you can use them as massage later !
◆pheromones this can be found in almost anything at an adult store oil lotion perfume even bubble bath and shave gel .
this is a simple way to get them in the mood
this is a very giving act and i personally tend get bored easily .
setting the mood is a great way to prevent boredom .
remember your mouth is dirtier than a toilet ... your penis can be pretty close to a toliet as well .
the menthol in toothpaste creates a lovely cooling effect .
wear a tie your partner can grab on to .
style your hair so that your partner can run their fingers through it or they can hold on to it .
i also did damage my throat really bad in college .
my tonsils got infected from it and now its so easily irritated i ruined the experience for myself .
the art of practicing fellatio actually involves very little throat stuffing .
the majority of a blowjob involves teasing licking and stroking it with your hands .
use lube it isnt cheating its enhancing the experience .
the wicked line features the natural biostatic of olive leaf extract .
it doesnt cure or prevent anything but it encases any bacteria or fungus you might have floating around making it less likely to spread to your partner .
keep in mind that youre sticking a foreign object in your mouth .
if its covered in good lube you wont be gagging on it because it will simulate food better if it tastes like it .
this penis is the only thing in the world that matters right now .
why dont you try giving him a nice kiss on the head ?
let him in to feel the warmth of your mouth .
then when he 's just getting used to the sensation pull away and get that lube handy .
usually its room temperature so if you drizzle it across him he will feel the cool tease .
for fun you can also try putting a bunch of lube in your mouth and then stick him back in there for a nice sloppy effect .
focus on head stimiulation if you have a female partner preforming the act she obviously does not have a penis so dont be afraid to voice what you like or dont like .
girls the head of the penis is like the clit it likes movement different sensations and over all it is the main event .
the shaft of the penis is your vagina flipped inside out .
your vagina likes feeling full so the shaft likes feeling pressure .
if youd like to make your mouth vibrate for him take any vibrator keep it on the outside of your mouth place it on your cheek or chin .
please stay away from those disposable tongue vibrators if you choke on or swallow it not only will it ruin your night but if you 're not helped right away its fatal .
if you do want to attempt to deepthroat you need to relax your throat muscles .
the easiest position is to lay across a mattress or couch comfortably with your head hanging slightly off .
this position should be able to straighten your mouth and throat .
if you have to use this new position to see his balls from another perspective .
apply more lube the more the better start slow .
establish that if you start smacking his thigh he needs to pull out of your mouth .
please note that deepthroating isnt that pleasurable for most people .
deepthroating is just hype that pornstars create to establish credibility .
most gentlemen complain about a sore penis from being bent weirdly in a hard throat .
the givers of the act obviously complain about a sore throat .
ejaculation is the end goal there are no rules about how long you can use your hands if you just use your tongue and how far you have to stick it in your mouth .
if you accomplish your end goal who 's complaining ?
disposing of the semen is something to talk about .
willl you swallow will you ask him to remove himself and ejaculate in a napkin ?
do you want it on your face or chest so you can play with it a bit ?
if so they do make secretion sweeteners you can take beforehand .
fruits naturally sweeten cum while acidic things like soda will sour it .
this should all be discussed beforehand so duiring the big moment a panicked last minute announcement will not take away from the finale or worse yet stop short .
keep in mind as with any sex act if it feels good for everyone involved no matter what it is..you 're doing it right .
no one is going to knock on your bedroom door and tell you you 're doing it wrong .
295 but 300 gets priority know what you 're doing please need this kill asap
dear fellow marketer i 'm a 33 years old man making a living by being a marketer .
i admit that i am not good at it and is struggling to learn about the vast world of marketing .
my new job scope requires me to go for an appointment session with my prospects and close deals .
i am not quite good at this i make it to the appointment session only to leave it empty-handed .
what i do get is their details my company 's product is something a saas so i get them to register the free account .
this is n't a happy thing for my boss and he specifically mentioned that if i am not good in sales it 's pointless for him to teach me about marketing .
not only i am depressed i am also confused .
is there a huge relation between sales and marketing and does one needs to be good in sales in order to learn marketing .
tl dr for failing to close sales i got scolded by boss with the phrase if you ca n't do sales you can not do marketing '' .
what is the difference between these and using the elite four squad ?
do they stack or am i wasting my time trying to get them ?
i 'm trying to set up a logic circuit that evaluates itself based off of user inputted values .
i get to a point where i am trying to run the 'a ' value through a 'not ' gate to get the opposite .
but i get the error message syntaxerror ca n't assign to operator
i 'm going to buy the 16gb 2gb ram version soon .
this is an automatic summary original http mobihealthnews.com/46693/is-the-fda-process-biased-against-new-technology reduced by 64 .
in the medical device amendments of 1976 congress directed fda to divide up all then-existing medical devices and put them into one of three classes ranging from class i for the lowest risk up to class iii for the highest .
class ii devices have to go through a modest fda review to determine whether the device is in fact quot substantially equivalent quot to existing devices .
more specifically what if nothing like it was in existence in 1976 and therefore nothing like it has been classified ?
section 513 f of the 1976 medical device amendments says such new products are automatically in class iii unless they can be fit in an existing classification .
a device can be plainly low risk but still end up in class iii simply because it 039 s new and novel .
as fda itself observes quot devices of a new type that fda has not previously classified are 039 automatically 039 or 039 statutorily 039 classified into class iii regardless of the level of risk they pose . ''
congress couldn 039 t very well say that all new technology was automatically in class i the lowest level of regulatory oversight and let every new device go directly to market regardless of the risk it presented .
summary source http smmry.com/http mobihealthnews.com/46693/is-the-fda-process-biased-against-new-technology faq http www.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot version 1.6 5318 summaries so far . ''
theory http www.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31bfht/theory_autotldr_concept feedback http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 23autotldr pms and comment replies are read by the bot admin constructive feedback is welcome . ''
top five keywords device 1 class 2 new 3 technology 4 iii 5
post found in r/economy http np.reddit.com/r/economy/comments/3pb7qe/how_the_fda_process_is_biased_against_new and r/politics http np.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/3knzoz/a_harmless_tongue_depressor_would_take_years_and .
notice this thread is for discussing the submission topic only .
do not discuss the concept of the autotldr http www.reddit.com/user/autotldr bot here .
i 'll be handing out these spare ribs to all of you who are safe tonight
and the last person who will be making it to the final 5 is ...
hi guys i 'm a vet student at university of california berkeley and just started part time job at the veteran 's center as outreach peer advisor .
basically if anyone is interested in applying to berkeley i will provide you information about the process provide guidance or direct you to right sources if i ca n't .
uc berkeley is currently ranked as 1 public university in the united states and one of the top schools in the entire world !
these facts may seem intimidating but please do n't be .
we have hunderds of veteran students attending the school and also have a great staff members who will do their best to get you into berkeley .
please let me know if you are interested or have any question !
i 've got a family tripped planned to bangkok at the start of the year jan 2016 however none of us have ever been and are likely going to be the most touristy tourists there .
we do have some plans to book a tour and travel north to chiang mai and visit temples and take in the scenery but i 'm not having any real luck on good deals .
we 're staying roughly for 10 days and if time permits any sights between bangkok and chiang mai worth visiting would also be a nice detour so if anybody could help regarding tours info etc that 'd be great .
pretty much all the queens have gotten over their feuds from the show but are there any girls that show blatant dislike towards other queens in real life ?
i do n't mean like raja 's passive aggressive subtweet rant things that are mostly directed at pearl but actual dislike .
i have a huge fetish for sexy outfits and fucking a naughty slut while she still has some of her sexy clothing on .
halloween let 's me do that pretty solidly for two weeks strait .
i 'm looking to roleplay this out in a variety of forms .
you can check my post history for various scene i 'm into mfm impregnation cheating and a girl with a slutty attitude .
i like a lot of detail in my roleplace scenes and will be online for the next several hours .
if you 're not feeling roleplay but want to just chat about some of your slutty ambitions for this halloween i 'm up for that as well .
so send me a pm and let 's have some fun tonight and the rest of the nights this month as well !
i am 17 in my senior year of high school and my friend is 18 and goes to college about an hour away .
we are extremely close i am the closest she has ever gotten to someone and vice versa .
we talk everyday and we both really do n't know what it would be like without each other in our lives .
we just had a long conversation about how basically she has been dating a few guys and is guilty about it and yet has no emotional attachment to any of them really .
writing that out seems like she is lying but i can 100 say for sure she means it .
we talked about our personal problems and we talked about how our friendship is a little complicated mostly her saying that she was so sorry because she knows how shitty of a situation it is for me with her dating these guys and me obviously liking her when we stumble onto the conversation of why she did n't and still will not say yes to dating me .
she says you deserve better '' and i call her out on that .
we both have our issues sure and we both need to understand and deal with them yeah but that does not mean she can just say that she wo n't do it because she has problems that she needs to work out on her on .
although this is partially true i do n't think that is a great excuse for why we ca n't turn it into more than just a friendship so we start talking about that .
we start talking about the negatives the main one being that friendships are different than relationships because relationships seem more doomed to end and in the end it is hard to just go back to being friends but a friendship seems like it can go forever and if there is a falling out it is much easier to start it back up .
with this idea in mind it seems like when you have a friend who you talk to every day and could hardly live without and you are already so close with getting into a relationship seems almost counter-intuitive like you are just dooming the friendship to end for the benefit of short-term sexual satisfaction or something of that nature .
other problems arise when talking about dating such as my insecurity and lack of trust about her being with other friends in a city an hour away and me not being able to do anything but watch the fact that when i graduate high school i have no clue where in the country i may go to and that although she already goes to a community college she may decide to move next year too and the fact that even though an hour is n't that far it still seems like a lot to keep such a young relationship afloat with our lack of jobs and privacy from parents .
so really it is not the best situation and it really wo n't happen at least anytime soon .
i did end it on a kinda good note though .
i asked her what is the worst and best case scenarios where our friendship will go ? ''
and she said worst case is that you realize just how much you deserve better than me and that you realize that you should stop talking to me but the best case is that i just give up say yes and somehow everything works out perfectly and we work out our problems and we do n't have to lose this friendship . ''
i 'm adding this in after the fact but as a little fact area to have better insight into the situation .
we talked about how there has been multiple times when she has thought about kissing me and decided against it due to not wanting to complicate things as well as the fact that although she is finding it very hard to have an emotional connection to these guys she has been dating there 's is some connection between us .
honestly writing this shit out makes me feel so much worse about the situation but behind everything we are so fucking similar we get along so well she is the first girl i have ever cared this much for and honestly i wish i could be content with our friendship sometimes i wish i did n't have feelings for her because it has caused a considerable amount of sadness to my life for the past few months but i think that the friendship we have is something that i really could n't live without right now .
she is my stress reliever she causes me more joy than she ever has sadness and i think these experiences are very good lessons and let me discover myself somewhat well .
tl dr how do you get over the negatives of deciding to start a relationship ?
what is it like to start a relationship from a friendship that is already very strong ?
go easy on me if you 're going to say i think it 's unhealthy '' because i like being an optimist sometimes and this is just one of those times .
i know this subreddit is more for movie talk/discussions about movies but it 's the only subreddit i know of with people that could help me .
i posted this same question to r/writing but no one chimed in there so now i am here .
so i am a grade 12 student and i am interested in going to film school next year as i am interested in movies and making movies .
along with my current marks i am required submit a film synopsis for an idea i have for a film to the school .
i have already written down my idea with all the characters plot themes and events .
the trouble i am having is the formating and what my synopsis should include .
i understand it is basicly a summery of the plot but all of the synopsis writing guides online are all telling me to format it diffrently .
this is really important to me and i want it to be as amazing as i can make it .
so if someone could guide me through the steps and structure of making a proper film synopsis it would be greatly appreciated .
either legally or technically illegally but noone would deny you if you showed up and demanded to know ?
mine are definitely the two totally lost videos about jacob .
links here https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=wrzdys1zwrw and here https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=ijvsrqltksu .
this jimmy kimmel https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=efwtu8fvci8 bit was pretty great too .
you guys have probably seen these but i had to link them just in case .
what are the funniest lost-related videos you 've come across ?
i really enjoy playing a warlock and just love shooting lightning from my fingers .
however i really feel like our armour sets are rather lacklustre .
they mostly look awful the set from the new raid looks rubbish the feathery stuff looks plain boring with the only promising set being the too set which is the same as last years !
none of the current legendary gear excites me in fact my favourite looking stuff is usually rubbish rare drops i ca n't even equip !
i understand if i get down voted to hell for this it being subjective and all
so i 've been planning to upgrade my low end laptop into an actual gaming pc with a 1500 budget to do so .
i started off using the choosemypc website to choose the basics then i spent a few hours reviewing all the parts and adding a wifi adapter and monitor .
after reviewing the build i 'm second guessing whether the 980ti that was autopicked for me is right for what i want to play which would be games like fallout 4 bioshock battlefield 4 modded skyrim space engineers and thief which i believe are all gpu intensive .
is the gpu 's power wasted on what i want to play ?
should i downgrade on my gpu to upgrade my monitor ?
or should i keep everything as-is is it decently future proof ?
pcpartpicker part list http pcpartpicker.com/p/8g3rft price breakdown by merchant http pcpartpicker.com/p/8g3rft/by_merchant
first thing i notice is my avatar is entirely color coded perferedthe single picture color coded so much better .
kirin is in tier 3 and levithan in tier 2 both 5 member quest monsters .
my bad luck continues i killed kirin but all 3 tanks died .
his 100 evasion is an issue for sure lol .
they will probably ask you to bring back androids who runaway from the institute .
the brotherhood of steel i 'm pretty sure they will want us to destroy aka kill for the android moralists since they will probably think they 're dangerous .
the railroad a group of people who wants to free the androids since they think they are slaves of the institute .
this will be pretty intresting speacially if each faction have different rewards for working with them like you want to free the robots because you want to be a good guy but the railroad bearly can pay you for the androids you save .
the institute pays you a lot more for the androids you bring back to them and they might even give you your own android .
the brotherhood can pay you more than the railroad but not as much as the institute but they give you a recipe '' for a new weapon .
my gf 28 and i 30 have been together for a year and we 've had a few bumps in the road .
i love her and find that she 's the best fit '' in a gf i have had so far .
we get along great most of the time due to our ability to communicate what 's on our mind and giving each other space and time when we need it .
lately i have been questioning our relationships due to the fact that i do n't see her put in any effort to work towards a future together .
4 months ago we were discussing finances and moving out .
i had told her that i have been saving money not a lot to work towards buying a house .
i also said that i would n't be opposed to moving out and perhaps sharing rent so that our housing expenses are lower than if we moved out separately .
she had said that she never really thought about that and had only small amount saved up for an emergency '' .
we concluded our talk with her agreeing to start saving money and cut costs where she can so that we can slowly start to build towards a more serious relationship and move out together .
it 's also important to note that she had planned a trip to europe with her best friend last month and so we said that besides the trip she should be frugal .
she came back from europe last month and prior to leaving she bought an expensive dslr camera to take pictures of her travels .
she also started a photo-blog to blog about her journey and also start taking pictures of all her adventures .
i thought it was a great idea and saw her excitement and really encouraged her .
well she 's been back 3 weeks and has n't posted any pictures to her blog nor updated it in any way .
she said she will but it seems like if we 're not hanging out together she 's either napping hanging out with family or going out with her friends .
i did n't think too much about it and figured i 'd give her some time to catch up but 2 weeks ago we had a huge argument because she 's having problems at home she lives with her parents and she decided that she should really work towards saving money to move out .
she also said she needs to apply for a better job to get paid more so that she can afford to move out .
well i told her i support her and would help her with her job search .
it 's been 2 weeks and she has n't applied to any jobs .
she has n't even sent her resume to her friend to review who works at an hr firm .
every time i ask her hey you apply to any jobs today ? ''
she responds that she 's out with family or that she took a nap and is tired or she was out on a run with a friend .
i 'm getting tired because i really push hard in my life to work towards my goals .
she talks about wanting a better job about building her blog about making more money but she does n't actually take any steps .
her passiveness is really pushing me away and the few times i 've talked to her about it it 's down to i just got back from europe and need some time to catch up '' or i went out with family and it 's not like i do that often '' and finally i know i 'll get to it '' but then nothing .
she wants to hang out with me all the time but when i tell her that i need time to study i 'm getting my masters she says ok let me know when you 're done .
i 'll work on my blog or my resume '' .
after i 'm done studying and we get together i ask her what she did and it 's not what she said .
she 'll say like i got caught up helping my mom with something '' or my extended family came over '' or some other activity that was a priority over what she had planned '' .
i love this girl but i 'm feeling myself slowly get detached from her because i just do n't see her going after what she wants .
i do n't see her take action to make her life better and ultimately work towards a future with me .
i plan on talking to her one more time and want to know what you offer in advice !
tl dr after becoming more serious talked to gf a couple times about finances planning for the future and being proactive about goals in life .
going to get an msi r9 390 and i 've seen the msi gaming app and how simple it looks then when i look at msi afterburner it looks a lot more complicated .
would you guys recommend the gaming app or afterburner for people new to overclocking/building pc 's in general
i 'm looking for a simple solution to a problem .
but i have almost no programming experience at all .
so yeah.. what i 'm looking for is an in depth tutorial on how to create a simple virtual currency .
looking for 2nd and 3rd gen intel chips motherboards ram anything you have laying around .
drop a comment or shoot me a pm and we can try to work something out .
may be interested in certain amd cpus as well .
if you have other junk laying around as well feel free to let me know .
i might end up taking it off your hands .
me and a friend are going to be in lisbon during february and we really wanted to attend the o clássico on feb 14 .
what 's the best way to go about buying these tickets ?
i see them on sale on websites like viagogo.ie but not any of the teams official websites .
i know the games will sell out and become more expensive as the date approaches .
should i buy it off one of these 3rd party sites ?
whats the most legit way to buy these tickets/should i wait a bit ?
clockwork dragon a small pirate group is looking to expand its ranks .
if you seek a life of fun adventure danger and much much loot then we are your type of people .
we are looking for like minded people that want to live life right on the line of wrong and a lil more wrong .
we are also open to alliances with other pirate types .
if interested let us know if not then get on the spaceplank .
the clip from the show http youtu.be/44smr16jij8 start from 2:23
i have been playing disc golf for only 10 months..
my question for the weekly players focusing on moving forward constantly working on grips speed and form .
are you getting sore on a weekly or monthly basis ?
i was stagnant and ignorant with changes that needed to be made and as soon as the changes were made the non-existent soreness was now a factor again .
how often do you feel sore after changes in form/power adjustments ?
if anyone here considers themselves close to professional level do you still get sore ?
i have never really done any cross training during my two years of running .
but over the last weekend i happened upon an old stationary cycle and i tried it out a bit today .
now when running i only have to run slowly for a few minutes and my hr will go up to around 115 .
so i started pedaling this machine i think i had it set about medium '' it had a fair bit of resistance so i started pedaling away my hr rose ever so slowly to 106 by which time the tops of my legs were burning ! ! !
conscious of the fact that i have to run a hm this coming weekend i did n't do it for long but frankly i do n't think i could have for very long anyway ..
one of my ongoing projects involves shortest path routing more like closest facility in esri terms or one-to-many otherwise .
routing on a global scale including a fishnet grid of the oceans .
the model is ran a number of times the start and end points do not change however the barriers and restrictions do .
the barriers must weight the network to either slow down or speed up depending on the barriers the restrictions are normal restriction .
given all that this model takers forever to run it takes an hour to load the barriers/restrictions and then even more time to actually calculate the route .
the network i will be using will be a combination of my custom ocean fishnet grid and global street map data .
all that said i am looking for solutions that will greatly speed up my workflow .
does anyone have experience with this kind of routing ?
open source routing machine not sure if this will let me model the restrictions and barriers that i need .
amazon ec2 cloud builder for arcgis seems promising does anyone know if i can use network analyst in the ec2 instance and allow it to expand resources as needed to reduce the computation time ?
i know c is better for multithreading and such .
i do n't know it but am willing to try if its the right answer .
i have played around with postgresql/postgis/pgrouting and have gotten it to work on a smallish 1.5 million edges 8 million nodes network does anyone know if this would scale well with huge networks ?
as you can see i 'm really all over the place i just need a working solution soon .
as per my last calculations with the amount of data i have and the total number of iterations of the model i need to run i will need a bit over a decade to complete this project which i ai n't got .
i 've looked everywhere for a fix and i ca n't find much other than people changing the apns and stuff .
right now i have an att sim and a t-mobile sim .
i live in the bay area and my reception will drop out all the time .
i miss calls texts emails ... . you name it .
my gf will have full signal on t-mobile and i did as well on my nexus 5 .
i 've submitted a ticket in hopes of getting these things fixed .
i used to love this phone but these issues pretty much make it unusable .
edit in testing i have only turned on lte and i am not getting the phone wandering for a signal anymore .
doing some problem sheets i came across the following integral
i remember from calculus that the answer to that integral lies outside of analytic functions and involves something i believe is called gamma function .
i believe however that the answer to this problem is less complicated and involves integration by parts the problem sheet does n't cover anything very advanced after all .
i 've tried tweaking with the formulas to no avail .
a non-muslim asked me this and i have no idea .
the only scholars i know are like yasir qadhi and nouman ali khan but i know they 're not scholar '' scholars in that sense .
so who 's the absolute top scholar in the muslim world right now ?
i would like to start doing archery and really want to get the w w black wolf rcx 17 but 800 is a lot to just drop on a new bow for me .
i was thinking i could just buy the riser and then buy cheaper ilf compatible limbs for it i 'm just not sure which ones are good .
so the official bigboss version of arise 2 does not work with ios 9 but apparently there is a working version on beta repo .
i 've been playing a lot with these characters one of them called my attention for the incredible performance on battles and it was ushiwakamaru i believe that on the moment she is the best rider of the game
i raised mine to lvl 40 ascended her two times and just discovered that she does a ridiculous high amount of dmg on her np
i 'm beginning to wonder that inlet platforms ・ eight boats leap its one of the best np on the game not only it does a ridiculous 1500 dmg based on her already high attack but also increase her star generation for 3 turns .
but she can also boost more of her own attack using charisma and fill the np gauge fast with tengu art of war..
its just ridiculous effective when you hit inlet platforms ・ eight boats leap a brave chain if you casted tengu art of war on the next round she already have 50 of np gauge again 100 critical hit change on her next turn .
i was battling some extra bosses with her atilla and kintoki and while kintoki can out-damage her attila ca n't she does on normal attacks but ushi np does so much damage and she can spam it so many times in a boss battle that it gets extremely efficient
i 'm beginning to think that the anti-personal np could be somewhat better than the anti-army ones
been bothering me for a while and no one 's given a good explanation ... probably true of most eli5s but still ...
i was planning on doing kylo but looks like that 's been put on hold till march so it 's ready for london celebration .
amc does n't allow masks so there honestly wo n't be much of a point .
they 'd better allow lightsabers in because i 'm going to have a badass crossguard that 's inspired by kylo 's .
i 'm thinking about going as a standard sith just for the sake of being dressed up .
speaking of which does anyone know where to get a decent jedi/sith costume for under 200-250 ?
kylo 's going to be around 1.500 for a 501st approved version which i will be going for .
i do n't want to blow my savings on a standard costume that wo n't get me anywhere .
i 'd love to see what you guys are planning on for the premiere too .
due to the arrival of a new monster sized monitor .
i am unable to use my beloved model m on my current desk due to size constraints .
this will be my first foray into other mechanical keyboards as i 've been using this as my main keyboard for over 5 years other than a brief bout of typing on an mx red equipped keyboard of a friend which i hated .
so in you guy 's opinion which cherry mx switch would give me the closest feel to a buckling spring switch ?
after seeing the raving reviews on ff14 i have decided to take the plunge and bought both the base game and the expansion .
been playing for a few weeks and so far everything is nice !
the only sad thing is that up to now i have not seen anyone who speaks english .
so i hope i can get to join an english speaking community on hades .
gt gloriousp0tato looking for some more guys to chill taking a fairly new player through but he should be up to it
so ive talked to this girl for a while now we met on tinder and have been talking for around 3 months .
we made plans to meet a week or so in but she had to cancel because of a genuine injury and had to go hospital confirmed .
after that we have made 3 plans to meet each time she cancelled one because of work the other because i didnt mention about meeting up the day before so she assumed it wasnt happening and the other due to surprise shift at work
she still keeps talking to me alot we talk everyday and in depth and says she still wants to see me what should i do ?
tl dr met girl on tinder talk everyday has cancelled 3 meet ups but still talks to me alot and everyday
so i 've been told i need opticals to drive so as i 'm taking my test soon i need to get some and i was wondering if you could help me out !
i 'm struggling to find out what sort of frames would suit my facial features/hair colour which of these lovely warby parker 's would suit me or any any other suggestions you may have ?
some brands and aesthetics i like https www.warbyparker.com/eyeglasses/men http www.mrporter.com/en-gb/mens/rayban/clubmaster-acetate-and-metal-optical-glasses/634689
i do n't think i could have a full one all by myself .
this is a slightly silly question but bear with my logic .
i recently sold my old 670 to a friend .
we completed his build and i booted up bf4 to do some testing .
during the testing the card ran many times hotter than it did in my case and we have roughly the same amount of intake and exhaust fans .
regardless i know the threshold for temperature before the 670 begins to throttle is 70c .
so with fans maxed at 80 on the 670 we reach a stable 67-68c .
i assume this is because the ambient temperature in his house is a hot 24-26c there are no other factors .
the dedicated physx 570 we had in there was thrown out the sound card near the 670 was moved downwards and cable management was done correctly .
so tl dr is running the fan at 80 a sure way to bust the card up or will it hold tight ?
also are there any suggestions to lower the card temperature ?
there are certain emotions i can only remember feeling as a small child for example excitement .
being around other people helps to bring out that side of me but i can never tell if they 're real feelings or if i 'm just trying to blend in .
there are some emotions i ca n't remember feeling at all .
i do n't think i 've really ever felt love .
there are people that matter to me but i do n't love them .
i might act like it sometimes but i 'm just trying to discourage activities in certain individuals .
a guy could beat me up and call my mother any number of obscene names and i would still act calmly around him .
i can still feel anxiety events resembling panic attacks are a relatively new development happiness in bursts around friends and sometimes when i 'm alone fear and sadness but it 's more of a 'depression sadness ' i do n't feel anything about tragic events supposedly disturbing scenes or death .
nothing has changed recently as far as my stability of life goes .
i 'm pretty sure that i 've had depression since i was 10 though i 've never told anyone about it .
it 's odd i know what is funny and what humor is but i keep having to force laughter more and more .
i have n't felt romantically attracted to anybody in at least a year .
i 'm a teenage heterosexual male and the attractive females in my school do not interest me in the slightest .
i know what it means for a person to be attractive but sexual thoughts no longer enter my mind throughout the day .
i still have suicidal thoughts from time to time but i 've never formed a real plan or seriously considered acting upon them .
my brother recently said it 's like he has no emotions . ''
people do n't understand me i do n't understand them .
people will act on some emotion i do n't understand i will question their judgement and they will look at me like i 'm from another planet .
sometimes when i speak i sound like an android from a science fiction program .
i have no reason for my depression to worsen .
i 'm maintaining my perfect gpa and i 'm happy with my small tight-knit group of reliable friends .
it 's like depression is a war and my emotions are the destroyed battle fields .
i do n't want to end up being damaged further .
it would be a shame if other areas of my brain failed to perform .
is it time to come forward to my family ?
i had planned to wait until i left the house .
could this issue lead to other more serious problems ?
does anyone else have experience with this sort of thing ?
right now i got some cheap 2x2gb ddr3 ram hdd and case .
will this build work and how upgradeable will it be ?
im mainly looking for playing games like csgo gta v and some other midrange games
what can i do to combat them fight them etc ?
i asked her about changing my name and pronouns and she said if we love you regardless why does it matter what we call you ? ''
as in if she keeps calling me by my old male name it should n't matter because she loves me anyways .
idk what to say the irony does not occur to her .
tear off a little square poke a hole in the center and press it down into the bowl .
it works like a charm to keep anything from falling through and tastes like you 're smoking a joint .
not sure if this is genius or retarded but i like it .
i 'm a 302 light titan just looking to knock out oryx quick .
was with a great group earlier just got stuck at the end ...
skill taker 's world domination building a slave harem from scratch
konoe yuuto is a genius martial artist who is summoned to a different world where slave trading is legal .
there using his 【ability looting skill taker 】 cheat ability he steals the abilities of monsters he defeats and starts building a slave harem while hoping to live a carefree life after retirement .
ever read a poem and thought woah this one is about me !
i have a pretty decent ping to all the eu servers between 12-50 .
i played london until it crashed on saturday frankfurt is broken since weeks giving lag spikes all the time .
yesterday amsterdam and milan were working ok but today i get 30sec lag spikes with the game full on freeze during that time on both of them .
just updated mgs v before playing and now the arm is gone the old sneaking suit from gz is still there however .
i plan to do it in an ama format feel free to ask anything here and might be answered in the next vlog
okay this story still creeps me out but i am happy to share it with you .
i like to go for walks in the dark i am not sure if this is strange or if everybody does it but it just makes everything really creepy now for some information .
i live in a well civilized area with allot of friends who live extremely close to me .
around 2 kilometers from my house is a heavily wooded area and i like to follow a four wheel drive track when i go for my walks .
okay time for the story it was around 9:30pm on a friday night and i was going for a walk down the four wheel drive track when i hear a very light scream in the distance .
i assumed it was just some kids playing so i kept walking until i heard it again .
at this point i knew someone was in trouble i ran for my life hoping that i could help this person .
i ran for about 100 meters when i came to the end of the track and looked around one of the first thing i saw was a girl about 19 years old being held by a 40 year old looking man .
when the man saw me he dropped the girl and legged it around the corner i sprinted over the woman who was busy crying obviously shaken up .
anyway to cut to the chase we ended up calling the police and they came and took my statement and bought the girl home .
i am glad that i still go for my walks if i did n't a girl would probably not be here today
does anyone know if there are any recipes for the best insect glaives ?
i 've looked at gaijin hunters top 5 glaives and have most of the materials to make them as i 'm silver crown i just do n't know how to upgrade them to get them to their potential .
i read that getting effect extender is really useful as well as maxing speed and power .
i really hope they make the ugrade system better in mhx its put me off getting into this weapon but i tried most of the others thoroughly and feel like a change .
oh man why they have kept 4 captian marvel reward in aq again .
i am wanting to build a new system for around 1500 1800 usd .
i am only gaming at 1080p but i intend to be running an extremely modded skyrim .
can you suggest what kind of build i would need ?
i am currently a computer application technology non-programming educator from south africa .
i tried to teach java programming but did a terrible job .
now i teach c.a.t but would like to teach i.t .
i was going to try to improve my very very basic java skills but my dept .
of education has changed the syllabus from java to delphi .
so far i have been googling around and have found the following resources delphiforfun.org pascalgamedevelopment.com and a pdf essential delphi by cantu marco .
i am currently not teaching destroying any future donald knuth 's but would like someday to be a good teacher .
just curious what are the fonts that the dossier uses ?
i 've got some ideas and i want to make them as authentic as possible .
awesome idea by the way love the idea of natural traps .
thanks man just taken a look at storm 's top build on marvel info and wow all damage powers except left click one are dots all her aoes count as dots as well and even there is one extra dot that is n't an aoe which should give wakandan dot relics an edge over attilan area relics with this build ... arcing tempest is per hit like beasts from beyond and vapors of valtor and according to u those count as dot as well ... and all that is for 200 es only and a global synergy bonus ... dude u 've been more help than u can ever imagine thanks so much
you like canelo and say ggg is no better than wilder lol ... enough said really .
puppey is tweeting so much more often he must really enjoy this time more than he enjoyed in navi .
all he needs to start is stream a bit more
our friendship is entirely based on our past when we were younger and more foolish when we had no choice but to be friends .
now hanging out together is somewhat of a burden and you know it too .
i think it would be better in the long run for the both of us if we cut the tie now and parted on civil terms
closing this for the same reason that forum did it 's just a bit creepy .
thats the same as the french style omelet in the video just with different things done to it after .
fact is we 're in alliance with nato and obviously we 're on different terms .
btw the title is wrong the ambassador says they do n't consider the pkk as terrorists they clearly know that it is considered as terrorists by others .
i think it is n't normal to use your own friends as live bait to get a trapped zombie out of a drinking well even though the water has clearly already been contaminated ?
after living in germany i have to agree with you .
i regularly give small change to people living rough because i usually always have small change in my pockets which i never did in nz .
another thing i noticed germany does well that nz does n't really have is bottle refunds homeless people here regularly collect bottles and cans from the streets which they can get around 10c per bottle at the supermarkets which means it 's easy to buy a loaf of bread with about 6 bottles .
oh man i love the runelords that 's a solid vote .
i love a magic system where characters figure out 'hacks ' for it .
iirc there was a feature during last worlds about how one of the lms teams actually included some post-pro-life '' workshops as part of their training regime so they have at least something figured out after their careers .
you can use mystic mask 's active it 's easier to get than kelpie or ogre
it looks like the originals are n't on youtube anymore they 're only on funny or die http www.funnyordie.com/videos/6245e6fae3/gumby-banging-horses-from-cjuvenile117 ? cc=__d ccid=b7nir4.numf3b .
there is a rehost https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=cgy1wmmkhr8 of the first episode on youtube but it has a watermark at the bottom .
i gave up when i could n't kill the will-o-wisp i lost that vampire drop
if i keep running into will-o-wisp it 's impossible to play the lowest halloween dunegeon .
at rank 25 my stamina is too low to do anything else ... oh well .
yes but you had talk to a npc in red it sent you to amber for defend the fort
hand went inside the frisbee to outside the frisbee and back under the frisbee ... ... ... ..nice .
easily one of my favorite albums of the year if not my favorite .
chance is one of my favorite artists and i know it was n't his project but he was all over it .
i thought the features were perfect and the whole social experiment did a great job fusing genres throughout .
actually after those picks i kept thinking what a perfect clinkz game it would be .
there are better ways but they would be too complicated so weight is probably a good generalization
learning how to use bash and excel is not cs .
again this is computer literacy we 're talking about which i 'm all for but do n't try to re-define an entire field of study .
the only people who would equate this sort of it-level stuff with cs are people who do n't understand what cs is .
as the grandparent nicely put it you are comparing a task such as changing your car 's oil to designing the engine .
if anyone is teaching you this stuff in a computer science course then you 're at a horrible school .
so very glad the city/state i live in has n't done this yet .
though i also learned that i was 3 to 7 years older than i thought i was .
this submission has been automatically removed due to linking to an unapproved domain .
please re-upload the image to a quality image host such as imgur http imgur.com minus http minus.com or gfycat http gfycat.com and resubmit .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/asiancuties if you have any questions or concerns .
france will invest £250 million into petrobras in return for reduced tariffs on the oil .
i 'd throw in heart in a cage and juicebox but other than that it 's pretty bad .
renault/lotus will not be keen to start their journey with two pay drivers at the wheel .
i honestly do n't think pastor would have retained his seat if not for the fact that his sponsor money for 2016 paid in 2015 was critical to keeping the team alive in the short-term .
have to imagine that the only two serious contenders right now are jean eric and kevin .
you 'll find what you 're looking for at the terrang shop 241 rue de la croix nivert in the 15th .
asp the baton maker makes the best pepper spray defence solutions out there asp palm and key defender series .
you can get a very good one highly concealable highly secure wo n't go off by accident and extremely effective for around 50€ .
armes bastille also sell them but their pricing is often above recommended street prices .
do yourself a favour and ask them to break down the law for you while you 're there .
yes as a rule it 's better to be alive and in jail rather than dead and out of jail but still know the law and use it to your advantage .
fuck cheapo 2 strokes and their lame ass single use reed valves .
i do n't get it what 's the big deal with this book ?
banter is one thing shitting on another team is different .
there has been a skype group like that before which became quite big .
in my opinion the problem was that there were too many people interested all of very different levels .
some of the people were just idling around and never said anything others were native speakers or at a very advantaged level who usually took over the conversations .
at some point the advantaged speakers left the group and formed their own .
from that point on the former group was rather inactive .
i 'm not even sure if it exists anymore .
in your case i 'd look for people who are at approximately the same level as you are .
and then perhaps some native speakers to help you out .
and make sure you have someone active to admistrate the group and e.g .
delete contacts that just joined the group but never actually participated in it .
thank you ... it 's what so many people who come here feel .
like you say it is n't the subs fault but it 's not exactly a friendly personal finance place to all people who are trying to get ahead .
you have normal people who may not have much saved at all for whatever reasons may not even be because they do n't want to or do n't try and then you have people coming here asking about how to better make more money off of the million dollars they were just given .
the truth is our understanding of the brain and 'mental illness ' is really not great .
finding any non-behavioural physiological indicator of any 'mental illness ' has been pretty recent and is still pretty patchy/sketchy .
the idea that 'mental illness ' is a discrete objective thing the idea that you either 'have depression ' or anxiety or ocd or you do n't is n't really reflected by reality .
mental health is a complex messy continuum and we 're all in there somewhere .
its very much a blurry 'shades of grey ' situation .
a person 's behaviour ability to live a functional life and social interactions are the main things that 'll lead to being assessed for psych diagnosis .
in practice 'mental illness ' diagnoses are mostly about behaviour and abilty to function .
there are no detectable physiological differences between these people and someone 'normal ' .
tl dr these are functional behavioural diagnoses not psysiological ones .
in my opinion it 's pink floyd 's absolute worst album .
that being said it has some great songs on it .
two suns in the sunset is also pretty emotional .
but they are only working there they never become swiss .
i 'm sure that 'll work with all the reasonable russians in eastern ukraine atm .
you do realize there is no such thing as a bug free game right ?
similar experience i was very stressed for my driving practices and i would get stomach cramps for at least an hour before going out .
my instructor was fairly serious and i really did n't enjoy those ten hours .
i went driving with my dad after i had finished the class and i found it to be much easier .
i have my license now and am fine driving on my own although it is n't my favorite activity .
i would suggest seeing if you can change instructors .
i 'm the asshole who runs ahead of everyone covers a hallway with penta grenades and once my team gets close ...
favourite master i really can not decide between john simm/derek jacobi and michelle gomez .
umm it really depends on how good you are lol .
true league is a team game but a team can only keep you so down if you crush everyone .
trouble is you are n't much better than everyone else in gold and you think you 're good as is so you 're much less likely to get better .
aviation people are some of the best people in the world .
go down to your local airport introduce yourself to anyone you can find and make some friends .
definitely work there if you can find someone willing to hire you .
there 's not a pilot out there who wo n't take some time out of their day to help/talk to an aspiring pilot .
soon you 'll end up with more plane rides than you know what to do with and those connections might be able to help you later in your career as well .
carol just went on a 45 minute rampage so she would n't get fined .
you just bought angel hair pasta instead ya dingbat .
i 'm in the same situation and i could n't get them to budge .
the most i got was an upgrade '' to a new 360 w the steel band .
i told them i would n't be satisfied unless it came with a one year warranty not the 90 day one .
like jiminywillikerz suggest you can download an app to calculate your fees .
i developed an android app named ebay seller profit calculator ''
something in the process was slowed i do n't know if it 's a psn thing or a system thing .
for some reason some of your notifications do n't pop on cue and either they 'll pop late or you go to the trophies and it kind of goes huh..
it happens most often for me with things like game or party invites .
not sure there 's much you can do to prevent it just know it 's reasonably normal .
i think this is probably an overreaction but it 's possible this is a trend .
this was his first game without 10 targets though so i 'd give it another game at least .
my wife 5 foot 110 lbs has a super bantam 20 ga and loves it .
the recoil is a bit much for her for extended shooting at least so were looking at a weatherby sa-08 compact now .
the mossberg best fits in your budget especially if she 's not recoil sensitive .
i would highly recommend a better slip on recoil pad if you go the mossberg route .
plus a university can have over 30 thousands students enrolled in it and a prison just has a few thousand maybe .
the california state prison system is administered by the california department of corrections and rehabilitation division of adult institutions which had 136,000 inmates as of 2014
now compare to this list http study.com/southern_california_colleges_and_universities.html of the largest universities in southern california .
just the four largest universities alone in the southern part of the state have more students than the entire state has prisoners .
a mirthful romp through middle-class-hood seen through privilege-coloured glasses .
i look at why it seems to be so hard to convince somebody that they 're wrong especially in online arguments .
i 'm a reasonably new blogger and have n't got a hell of a lot of exposure especially now that i have sorted out my new domain so any help would be appreciated !
it could be possible that the old head idiots in the ibjjf are saying other things in the seminar as i have n't attended those .
i 'm amazed at the number of you to just completely discount my situation and what i 've just described .
i 'm not ignorant and i 'm certainly not spilling bs .
i would n't have came here to seek help for cause or concern if i was just full of crap .
i 've been on opiates for a long time .
i went to the er and the doc said it did n't make sense to him either .
my liver and pancreatic stuff came back normal and just fine .
i really did take 3 strips today sunday ... yet i 'm withdrawing more towards 18 hours .
i even gave a 30 to a friend of mine ... who had no issues and had a good high for a while .
i ca n't imagine a life without opiates i need my energy my warmth my blanket ...
the only thing different was the addition of a vitamin c supplement ... can that cause anything ?
the troll attraction was too strong 3 sry for your salt .
what exactly is it that i 'm supposed to be trying to do ?
divide a 12,000 digit number '' does n't sound very difficult .
and as i say i 'm not a very skilled mathematician .
and my stool tests urine tests and blood tests are all normal despite the waterfall-shit and knife stabbing cramps .
the only point that i disagree with is the people who decide whether or not to ban kratom do n't base their decision on overblown warnings from personal experiences on reddit ... they do it with actual scientific backing . ''
the usa would not be having an insurgence of medical marijuana debates if there was actual research done prior to banning it .
the government can ban any chemical based on scare tactics political gain or even financial gain i.e .
why people believe kratom is on the concerned substance list in the first place because the pharmaceutical companies ca n't make money of a non-regulated plant
i 'd have to see videos of it in multi-player but i suspect evasive maneuvers in your average fighter will make this cannon a non issue .
pilots in the pu will also have to head back to a space station to reload once their ammo is dry .
they 're all kind of a blur it 's weird lmao
they also did n't have an significant injuries and faced teams in the playoffs that did
hey heroin is a massive problem in my part of wisconsin too .
the people upset about this are the same people that think the united states should n't be the world police as it relates to military intervention .
it does n't matter that she 's only 3 months into this job .
any prospective employer who cares will ask about that and i imagine they will be completely understanding especially so if they actually run a decent company if she explains the situation .
i imagine the working through lunch bit wo n't stop and her boss will simply fire her for it soon enough .
b2p is better if it means they can remove all actual p2w mechanics from the game it also means that they can reduce the price of cash shop items which are currently absurdly expensive because they know from data on other mmos that western consumers are much more likely to pay up-front or via sub and much less likely to spend as much on a single costume .
i think last competition people were mainly suggesting it as a joke but if it 's going to happen that often it should be put on rotation .
thought i was in r/circlejerk for a minute there 😂😂😂😂😂💯🔥💯🔥💯🔥💯
bet the kids college fund on the pats let 's goo ! ! ! ! !
at that point it just comes down to choice .
if it is a character you do n't have i recommend trying to keep it so you can at least do their ddq daily when it pops up .
unfortunately back in my first month playing i gave up a kingpin black and have not gotten another cover of his in the past 6 months since .
he was an essential for the 4 deadpool event so i could n't get all the covers i normally can .
same happened with mr fantastic because loki was an essential and i got rid of him and never had gotten another cover since then .
so it comes down to if you are more focused on short term gain or long term gain .
even characters that everyone hates like vision ragnarok and quicksilver i 've kept because they 're giving me iso for their ddq and i can use them on early event missions to save my big guys for the tougher ones .
the game costs 80 cad now which is insane considering i live about an hour from the border .
i should just drive to the states and buy the game it 'd probably be cheaper even including fuel .
not that i want to get in this ridiculous fight but come on ideas do n't grow out of nowhere being educated is pretty important there and being privileged sure matters in one 's education put a bit of foucault on top of that relations between power and truth/knowledge and you should know the rest .
you keep finding new ways to show that you have absolutely zero argument .
if you want to defeat my argument you 're going to have to eventually make a counter-argument .
asking me to repeat myself is not a counter-argument .
also btw '' does not mean between '' it means by the way '' .
you have to rely on the passive petbound condi clear or just get rekt by incidental burns from whatever nearby ele or whatever happens to be around .
is it really worth it to drop survival skills with all their benefits for an evadable damage boost area control to wear some runes that are anti-synergistic with traps in conquest ?
i did it just to see if i could but it 's not a good vr experience at all .
too much input lag and jutter over wireless to make streaming vr from the pc worth the time and effort .
crushed from where the bolt closes on it during the stovepipe but otherwise nothing out of the ordinary .
i see people on youtube compressing their ejectors with relative ease but even after trimming the coils on mine the damned thing is very stiff .
edit ar headspace is n't even adjustable without changing the barrel is it ?
more likely you 'll get 5 p5 champions 3 at large p5 teams .
i swear it looked bigger the first time i looked at op 's picture .
luckily the lawsuit does n't seem applicable now that i 've got back and spoken with the manager i 'd been there on videotape for more than half an hour waiting for another at which point my could not physically have been as hot as another made it out to be .
as for giving in it was indeed my fault .
the only word i 'd gotten from bestie was a request that another and i meet in person to try and work this out and i was desperate to make it work .
i did n't think it through as clear as i should have and i 'm only lucky now that nothing truly came to bite me for it .
when they find solid in alaska he is brought i for briefing .
they tell him to cut his hair and dye it because they do not want solid to be mistaken for liquid .
the men 's rights movement cares about black men when they want to compare themselves to a prominent one
they always said no but it was still always fun to try especially when you have enough money for a full hour
an adult can fall into a deep depression and run the risk of causing harm to themselves while a baby lacks the ability to suffer from depression until they have the cognitive ability to .
i 'm pretty certain you 're gon na have a rough time .
what 's your price range you 're hopeful for ?
the mail sing could be a plate when no mail with burger when mail .
choose malzahar into him i 've been the heim in that situation and fuck me i hated me
sometimes even if there 's closure especially in relationships my heart is still crying about it .
i 've repressed too much feelings in the past that now they are back haunting me .
i 've blamed my emotions with hormonal imbalance but after undergoing a detox program to fix the imbalance i still feel depressive because of the sad moments in my life .
i can say you 're the only reason i watched the game haha
because the people who moved there after the fall of rome were germans specifically the suebi .
just straight up i do n't want women or minorities as main characters '' .
when brady and company come to indy ... bad things tend to happen .
exactly you need no brain to think this is true !
i mean you can turn the difficulty down to rip thru it .
it really does n't matter which way you go .
you will want to get to adventure mode as fast as possible with all the new changes .
protip do n't pick random fights with people if you ca n't handle the backlash .
instead be nice to others and you 'll get waaay more upvotes .
violate the provision too many times and your isp would be obliged to cancel your service .
do it for commercial purposes and you risk criminal charges .
it 's just ... well i think ... i 've felt i think forever that uhm i lo ... whew wow this is hard ... i look at you and see a two-faced lying bitch who really is n't worth an iota of time that i 'm on this earth any time spent with you was a waste and you 're a fucking terrible person and the pictures of your cats are a train wreck . ''
that 's part of what i love about the greeks .
i was going off my personal favorite version which have ananke which i get my username from haha and chronos holding the egg/circle of creation together .
of all the different versions it seems to make the most sense .
nothing can exist outside time and need at least that 's my interpretation .
i said it once i 'll say it a hundred times .
fimfiction user bronystories did a review on the show and the fandom and i got into it around the time everyone including the bronies were fangirling over garnet 's song .
your post has been automatically removed because you did not include one of the required title tags .
please read the faq http www.reddit.com/r/sex/wiki/index for more information .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/sex if you have any questions or concerns .
so is that a good indication that i am not trans then ?
bands ca n't play at two places at the same time .
post-scarcity is just another way to say paradise '' .
i can tre flip tail grab hardflip indy frontside flip roast beef hardflip late flip front shuv late flip frontside flip late switchflip and big heel late switchflip ... .
... but i ca n't kickflip to save my life .
i age at least 2 years of my life when watching optic .
she is a person responsible for her choices and free to make any choice she likes .
your white knighting here removes her agency she belongs to him do n't do anything '' .
i 'm not taking her home i 'm just setting the hook so if you read my prior comment when her logistics change i 'm there one she calls .
it 's because there are limited edition cards that will drop .
so try to get approval for modesty instead of getting approval for your looks .
how about not giving a toss what other people think ?
the group stage really does n't act as seeding should though .
first up because the teams do n't have to play every other team in the group and the teams in the each group are n't 'equally strong ' .
you could end up top of your group simply by scraping a couple of wins off the two weakest members the teams that qualify out of groups are n't necessarily the strongest teams nor the teams that performed best .
secret only qualified out of their group because they beat mvp twice .
they did n't qualify for the tournament and they lost the only other game they played .
monkey went undefeated through the group stage beating both eg and vp .
should both teams end up in the same position in the knockout round ?
second if the teams did play every other team in their group you could have a situation where the top ranked team in the group has 3 wins and every other team has 1 w 2 l. thus after the playoffs to determine who qualifies out of the group you could have the scenario where a team that lost half their games knocks out a team that has n't lost a single game .
the format is ridiculous and scheduling is n't an excuse .
at the very least just adding double elimination finals would add a single game .
genna is just a really good youtube content manager this kind of cancellation usually makes a big uproar .
i think most people in the present situation will understand though your right .
i just want to say i have nothing against your team .
i like andrew luck he 's got balls and to quote the philosopher i like balls . ''
i have refrained from joining in on the durp pats gon na drop 80 td 's lol pink stripes '' bandwagon .
i respect andrew luck and think a lot of people are underestimating how competitive this team is .
that being said i can not say the same about the colts upper organization .
it is them that i wish my team to push to suicide .
i want to hear the lamentations of their women .
i need to see the team bob kravitz loves destroyed by a patriots thunder run that would make tommy franks feel ashamed at his own version of shock and awe .
so here 's to a good game and no douchebaggery from any fans .
depending on what texture you use then yes putting extra shells on an animal can look really bad and even the whiterun grass one that sparrowprince did has to only work with a specific texture .
as far as the pane layering technique watch some videos on how to model hair as thats what its most commonly used for .
i generally find that it works best if you ease into it and ease out of it again for areas where you use it rather then just having it there in big chunks which is why bethesda 's does n't look so nice often
what about it takes just the first noun since usually the noun gives the type of post seagull avalanche whereas verbs and adjectives gives away the anwser unlucky miracle etc .
give it another year or so and i think we 're really going to love easley here in new england
most of the time the stuff sold at concerts is n't online until after the tour is over .
if there 's anything left after that it might be available .
hi there your post has been removed as we do not allow links to gofundme pages fundraisers etc .
if you would like to post these links please do so in r/rbnfavors a sub in the rbn network that allows this type of content .
mines lasted for several years without degradation as well .
i suspect the trick is to air dry it .
i do n't understand why her followers never call her out on this either .
it seems like every other post she mentions how much she hates running hates swimming hates this hates that etc .
i get that she thinks participating in these sports make her elite '' but given how clueless her followers are she could say she was participating in a national water aerobics championship which surely does n't exist right ?
why does regan go out of her way to do stuff she a hates and b knows she can not possibly do just to brag to followers who do n't know the difference between an ironman and something like the color run ?
the 19 in my flair is for paul molitor .
just got back online been afk most the day .
as a credit card fraud analyst it then becomes my fault .
but in the middle of me eating i will get grossed out and i ca n't continue .
chicken has been a big one for me every single time i want to throw it up .
cravings have mostly been cheese doodles puffed ones and 7 layer/rainbow cookies from the bakery and bagels..omg i can already eat them every single day but i want to eat them for every meal .
it saves sanity and gas for essentially the same amount of time .
much prettier much less headaches if the verona rd section is backed up .
welp it 's no wonder you think the panthers are for real at 5-0. case closed here folks .
bring in familia no reason to allow tying runs in to bat .
every shitposting n00b should automatically have as much karma as gallowboob as soon as they sign up and he should automatically get his karma cut in half every year .
saved my season when luck was out for a few games
i visited my dad 's work and knew that he worked in an office and that he did something relating to making ultrasound machines at the time .
i remember when my mom decided i had to go to the women 's bathroom when i was visiting my dad 's work and i had to go alone to it .
i did n't understand why little girls could n't use the men 's bathroom !
today was boring and slow at work.. but i 'm home now so its better .
i would string these cops and their bosses and the entire staff of that courthouse up by their necks then burn the entire block down .
now let 's sit and watch the wonderfully ignorant do nothing towns folk do nothing to hold their leaders accountable for this .
when 's the last time you saw a doctor or other well paid business professional stand up for their community ?
going into worlds eu looked pretty good considering they were riding the fnatic wave .
everyone had fnatic pegged as a contender for a run at semis and og as dark horses to make quarters .
i might just do the dog residue thing as well as keeping my old equipment and selling it to make the money considering first time around i missed the temmie village and getting the artifact '' before leaving waterfall and it was too late .
i 've got a lot to do on my true pacifist run but i 'm not resetting til i beat sans .
i agree harpers position regarding marijuana is way out of touch with 2015 .
it 's not that it 's become socially acceptable '' so much as an overwhelming amount of evidence both fiscally and scientifically has been released showcasing it to be far less harmful than thought .
one thing that i find confusing is the conservative ban on this .
i 'm surprised a conservative does n't set some basic regulations and leave it to free enterprise .
looking beyond the health/moral side of it from an economics point of view ... how do you ignore that ?
alright since no one else seems interested i 've snapped a few pictures and made a little image album-thing and posting them in this reply but not in the main post .
but since i still ca n't figure out imgur so here 's a couple of image links .
they all have a picture of polly in them .
http postimg.org/gallery/30vskeseo on this image i found out how to make the equivalent of an imgur gallery '' with my service so ... it 's 4 images .
the red basking light is off because otherwise all the pictures look ... well red .
derek smart is such a toxic presence within this community that any association including sharing views causes irrevocable harm .
i went on record saying he was intelligent driven and resourceful and that he was running circles around cig and their terrible responses .
i suggested that he demonstrate the validity of his source '' by providing tangible proof which was to be the name of the secret ship .
unfortunately i am terrible with computers and botched that up .
however he did correctly predict the type of ship aegis was very close to the price 175 and there is evidence the name was changed the aegis potato '' on rsi 's own website .
derek smart has tweeted images of posts i have made on somethingawful including most recently the open letter to sandi .
when i was younger around 8 i always dreaded this dungeon .
for the simple reason of i always overused the magic and always ran out and could n't navigate in the dark rooms .
for whatever reason i never thought to bring potions .
although now that i 'm almost 20 it 's one of my favorites from the game .
cal just called clippard 's change up both his set up and out pitch ?
yea it 's holding me back waiting for zen .
fps depends on the game really i only have a 60hz monitor and i can get 60fps in all games basically so it 's not much of a problem .
need to turn down some cpu intensive stuff in some games though like shadows and maybe even view distance .
i can mostly run at full ultra though way better than my old 660ti .
the most notable example of a bottlenecked game is ashes of singularity where the benchmark only gives me 30fps or so .
edit actually aots has had optimizations since last time i benchmarked it .
they will tell you to get a ct scan .
if that happens it might be as bad as 2 or 3-0 ... bayern .
i 've only used rode and kramer so far .
rode has been solid i changed my formation so he comes off the bench at times and he crushes .
he 's big and won a lot of headers but other than that it felt like he was n't there for most games .
he had a few nice long shots here and there but other than that completely unnoticeable .
about time but other than that luck 's been getting 5 seconds to throw .
guy with long curly hair from western wisconsin toppers gets fired
side note it seems like the game is trending that way now .
dealers have to give deals around me just to survive cause it 's overpopulated with dealers .
now it 's down to 40 and i 've heard of people going to 35 just to steal customers .
i feel like that ca n't even be worth it economically.. idk
my gaming group avoids very thematic games because they tend to rely on dice rolls and a bit of luck in order to win this is n't always the case but it tends to be .
but without even looking i would bet that the top 3 mechanics in my collection are
the problem i have with that is that chanting and mindless slaves that worship someone is not in any way special .
yeah i have spent the last hour reading the stuff in the sidebar and various other threads .
blakeclass ' comments seem to be resounding most with me right now .
got made a to look like a slow turning tank a couple of times .
was bailed out by blocks from sakho and great saves from migs .
if i were him i 'd have been a little annoyed by the cheese on the jacket but he played it cool !
i guess this means i ca n't watch any more games this season .
thanks but want to break the hour marker one day !
just in case you want to see here 's a shitty build that i 've been meaning to change but have n't had enough time to .
i 've been vaping on this build since last saturday so 8 days and only using my stuff .
as you can see it 's a little black but i 'd say it 's clean for 8 days .
now i have n't vaped the vanilla cupcake on this build although i have plowed through some super cereal but still .
i think congratulations should go to everyone involved in this season .
from day 1 to the premier ball everyone has been an absolute lad this was by far the best season yet .
pretty much everyone was as committed as they have ever been minors especially was a massive step up .
all the games bar 1 were streamed/recorded i think which is far better than any other league can claim .
plenty of commentators got involved and i 'm sure that despite the results of some teams that everyone had loads of fun and learned something .
credit to literally everyone in oltp if you helped competed or affected it in anyway congratulations to you on a great season .
it 's not stretching up or down anything it is used to relieve pressure off the lower back you can do it yourself
when potions are brewed the potion ids are saved with the pack defaulting to minecraft '' same as item/block ids .
item data within the tag '' tag generally does not autocorrect itself .
as such the actual value from a brewed potion is minecraft healing '' instead of just healing '' .
to remain consistent you 'll need to include the pack for custom items .
i do n't like injecting bad stuff into my body either or good stuff .
but i man up and do it because sometimes it 's necessary .
serious question are there any doubts that this team is n't going to stay together ?
contract is up for 5k bin team name is topcheese .
when i was younger i had terrible acne which went away when i dropped my routine down to dr. bronner 's soap and jojoba oil .
really bad shoulder/back acne that went away when i switched to acv rinses .
anyway fast forward several years and i find r/skincareaddiction and decide to try to put together a gentler routine .
long story short since i have dry skin i tried many moisturizers and hydrating cleansers over a period of about two years .
my terrible acne came back and the common factor in all of these products was some type of fatty alcohol .
i started using moisturizer without a fatty alcohol nivea creme and did n't have a problem .
somewhere during this time period i started using commercial shampoos and conditioners again because i bleached my hair .
cut out the conditioner pretty much all of them have fatty alcohols and my body cleared up .
tl dr never met a product with fatty alcohols that played well with my skin and i 've tried so many .
my skin does n't seem to react to anything that does n't contain fatty alcohols .
process of elimination fatty alcohols make my skin break out like nobody 's business .
you realize fixing bugs takes a tremendous amount of time right ?
i started him over sss and decker and matthews and even clay in ppr but i still think pregame that 's the right decision .
ca n't always judge this stuff by the result .
you didnt believe your parents when they said if you keep making that face it will get stuck that way '' .
you used to have normal eyes until you got addicted to 3d magic eye posters
when you were a kid someone played i got your nose '' one too many times ...
ummm so adam 's been in town its been great kickin it just like old times .
tonight was great last time in town kicked it at this spot called the basement bar on like taylor and oh say 10th in se .
left that spot at oh say 225 went to plaid was the last beer sale of the night .
it was great one of the foggiest nights ever like could n't see more than 50 feet .
walking through the industrial district was awe inspiring made me wish i had my camera .
i hope i get that apt on grand i know i 'll spend many nights wondering around that area taking pics of shit .
i 've had a few people over in the past few days i actually cleaned part of my apartment today it was crazy .
but every time i have people over we end up looking at my pictures and people say how great they are and im totally humble im like thank you but on the other hand i know which pics are good and for the most part i show them but its the matter of the reaction of who see 's it that feeds the man you take such good pictures '' and things of that nature .
its crazy i just have a hard time accepting admeration from people .
the worst thing for me right now is i do n't know when i work tommorrow im pretty sure its 11:30 but im going to wake up at 10am just in case .
well on that note i know i wanted to post more but i should just go to sleep good night .
i do n't understand how this is a fuck up you just found a vibrator on accident do you want a gold star or something ?
serious question.. how do you guys even manage to find such shitty websites ?
i mean is there a separate search engine catering to just shitty websites ?
i 'm asking because i 'd found another thread on this sub with similar no media coverage '' articles from haindavakeralam.com and worldhindunews.com today .
pm me your address and a prompt if you could .
haha it 's almost like many different people cover their heads with bandanas !
when your mother calls you a son of a bitch ''
especially the ones with long stories where someone holds someone back from kicking someone 's ass .
have you had a chance to look at the ground control sim ?
let me know if you have any feedback/comments on it as well .
i drive a van that 's set up to camp and fish for a month at a moment 's notice so i got everything .
if you want to do anything lift particularly squats .
as most have already said though if you 're healthy then do n't .
it surprised me the first time i had a thin girl tell me she was sick of folks telling her you need to eat more '' with the assumption she was starving herself .
assuming you 're not anorexic or otherwise starving yourself and the question is regarding looks alone then you do n't need to change a thing .
i do get the impression from one of the pics that you 've lost some weight though so if you 're inclined squats and lots of them .
source had a female trainer who is a former pro wrestler .
i collect 5 gram bars if you ever decide to sell it i would love to have it .
maybe it increases our damage in that area or defense or max hp in the full version hmm you could speculate with me any ideas ?
by the time i had it that far reddit was all over it .
i agree our pass rush was nowhere near as good without him
i thought it was a tier 7 but looks like it 's a tier 8 .
are our young guys just going to be garbage forever now because of a bad 5 games ?
australia has only 3 species of spider that have any medical significance out of about 2,900 .
sorry if this is a dumb question but why are they wearing nearly identical gear ?
same colors and everything except jack is wearing shorts .
the list of what to bring is a good thing to pay attention to .
i bring just a bit of extra water in case i run out or someone else does along the way .
hate to say it but i see to many people go back there unprepared without adequate water and they end up turning back because of it or they went in unprepared for the climbing bits .
there is a fairly large exmo population in edmonton who would be more than happy to help a missionary out .
when i was a kid i used to tie dental floss around my action figures and ask my mom to drive me around the neighborhood while i dragged them down the road .
i 'd sit on the tailgate of her gmc while watching these little dudes eat shit .
i ca n't remember if this was pre or post napoleon dynamite .
if that was the problem they could have only shown it on the front page of subscribers .
the real reason is that it was attracting negative attention from online media .
ca n't see myself buying their beer because they made an elaborate music device even if my totes fav influencers posted about it .
no the church '' can never be run by heretics this is a straw man argument .
no one has ever remotely said that ... can buildings be overtaken by heretics ?
total different story every single claim you are making are straw man arguments that do not apply to traditionalists .
to quote michael davies who is generally someone that the fssp looks up to and indult trads likewise .
in his book regarding the validity of the new rite of mass that he created .
he said that the sole thing that made it valid was not the rite itself but that it rested on the authority of paul '' vi .
the same thing happened at vatican ii everything depends on that fact without him having authority vatican ii regardless of how many bishop 's might have signed the document it fails to be an ecumenical council and therefore nothing he said or did has any binding to the minds of the catholic faithful .
once again i am saying if he had no authority then everything else follows .
redditors are the last people who should be raising kids and this picture is about 120 reddit .
i like to say 'we should get together some time ' .
that always leads to number exchanges.. a more confident thing to say that i said alot in the past successfully is when are we gon na hang out ?
it 's a habit you can practice saying just for fun .
and let go of the outcome you 'd be surprised how many women actually will say yea sure .
you are probably better off going on tinder or something because you 've been posting here forever .
if think they were playing as altas and oberon at the time..
throw enough resources at it and it will work eventually i guess .
we use irc because there is n't a better way to organize a game without having the game itself open .
it also allows for idle chat and general shit talk .
the community is small enough that it makes sense .
the highest our channel 's gotten is 200 people .
you might have to wait 20 minutes or so for a pickup to fill .
when matchmaking is implemented i 'd imagine it would start to kill off the irc group to some extent .
it 'll give you the ip if you type .ts in the channel .
by that logic cm punk would be a hypocrite for getting upset at a staph infection because he 's not a doctor .
we all kind of regret the jokes we made about him being dead before we actually knew his situation .
announcement of the new tab playback behavior is present here
google chrome will now defer playback of autoplay media until the tab is foregrounded in the latest dev channel .
this means no more where 's that sound coming from ? ''
moments when an ad for instance decides to autoplay in a tab you 've specifically opened in the background .
to prevent user annoyance and conserve power chrome will now defer playback of autoplay videos in background tabs until the first time the tab is foregrounded .
so far i could not find any information regarding the change in behavior when dash playback is disabled .
it 's as if every one of those re spawn screens is asking are you sure you still want to play more ? ''
haha if you invade or raid r/techoblanco they will actually enjoy it but be warned that some of those guys can seriously troll you back .
chemo primarily suppresses cell reproduction to stop the rapid spread of cancer .
that 's why the most rapidly reproducing cells are the ones that get messed up first stomach hair folicles etc .
babies are growing so much that the suppression does n't have as big of an impact .
at least that 's what i understand without a degree in oncology .
im literally getting season 1 in the mail tomorrow morning after i heard it was even close to as good or apparently better but i 'll have to see for myself as futurama .
futurama is my all time favorite show and one of the few that i can say i enjoyed the last season as much as the first and everything in-between .
convert mp3 normalize trim downsample and images png/jpg to webp gif to webm using waf .
i 've been feeling a lot of anxiety especially about my faith praying that i wish it were stronger and longing that my questions would be answered .
i was about to read my bible yesterday and the verse 'do n't worry the hairs on your head are numbered ' came into my mind .
i opened my bible and that was the page it then opened at in matthew 6 .
yesterday i prayed for a sign and several of the verses in this chapter were spoken about at church .
this morning i woke up feeling anxious and worried and the verse of the day from my app was 'worry not about tomorrow because tomorrow will take care of itself ' also from matthew 6 .
i feel blessed and privileged that god would help me out like this but also there 's still a part of me that says ' it 's just a coincidence how would you know for sure if that was god speaking ? ' .
i just wish that i could have a more childlike faith .
as long as you do n't care about battery life .
honestly he 'd be disappointed at the time but eventually brag about the time his dick was so big someone refused to have sex with him .
he still has to play to win though because it 's his job .
the pressure does n't come from the winning streak '' thing but from the fact that he needs the money .
so no we wo n't see any other character besides diddy and sheik .
if it was n't for the bye week id agree but i wo n't count out peyton after a bye week .
you see we have federal elections on monday in canada but i did vote by anticipation last weekend so i do n't have to waste more time tomorrow night o
but he would n't tell anyone irl about it especially his parents
its what i do to get the possibilities out .
please could you provide some context to the hypocrisy ?
i have no idea what is happening in this pic .
i know why they did it and they still look incompetent to organize a tournament .
rank 115 is not the same at the beginning of the season and at the end of the season same as it 's not the same with 10 min in between .
only valid ranks are the ones they have after they all have finished their games .
smiling at my screen like an idiot right now this story makes me so happy !
i just finished dn again for the third time last night .
nothing because i 'm already in the middle of my two weeks notice .
i think the likelier situation is that this guy actually supports bernie
sanders in a political sense but is unselfaware or willing to give himself excuses for his own behavior .
hm ... having one special '' ancient slot dedicated to that could work .
as long as there 's a big fat only for cosmetic purposes has no effect on gameplay '' right next to it so that people do n't bitch about having bought it and not seeing any difference in gameplay .
he incapacitated numerous attackers and saved a lot of lives .
will probably save a lot more lives in the future .
he also did n't incapacitate carol knowing she was going to kill people .
i loved the part when sanji brutally axed kicked him in his head .
its still one of my favorite finishing moves sanji has ever done
to be fair alabama has been called for 299,879 false starts since 2011 .
update they added this phrase as part of the description to their latest picture .
i understand people dont want to believe plot altering secrets at
i 've played enough town of salem to know when someone 's bullshitting in this manner .
edit not to mention that the story is really inconsistent .
this came within the same few-hour span as is there something wrong with my game ? ''
right on the fight right after i love creepy esater eggs '' on a picture of gaster speaking in wingdings .
they knew who gaster was then feigned ignorance and shock then i ca n't remember the exact sequence to cause this '' then this .
tbh if someone actually translated that it probably says something along the lines of never gon na give you up never gon na let you down never gon na '' .
the usa did n't get wealthy overnight but got wealthy off of many centuries of slavery child labor then sweatshops etc .
venezuela can not catch up in a few decades .
and despite this obvious truth the american media trolls will pretend the sole reason they 're behind is their government .
it might be true that their government has too much control of the economy but that is how the usa works as well .
i do n't think jonny gray made that much of a difference http i.imgur.com/x9miaed.png to be honest .
who needs european title when you are world champion ... .. ffs how long will last our hangover ?
thing is for me doge is a genuine coin now with all the attributes for success if crypto goes critical mass .
whether it does or not is another thing as all crypto seems to be in the wilderness at this time ¯ ツ ¯
because it was cold and usually snowing it was snow suits and plastic masks .
nope not his first human kill i believe that happened in season 3.carl shot a kid from woodbury right in the fucking face just as he was surrendering and putting his weapon down shit was cold blooded !
i think it 's kind of silly that the thanks for the land modifiers go away .
like my father raised this man from nothing to becoming a duke and now he hates my guts ?
ohwell i 'll try get through the short reign modifier and try to get rid of this dam craven trait i am always leading troops .
thanks for your help though i might have to try plot to kill my wife and get a higher diplomatic one .
do you think using a slug casing such as this http www.lasergnomes.com/product/tactignome-slugfire would be worth it ?
one time doing a strike we were close to a kill on the boss and my friend was getting face raped by the boss and i was like dude.. why are you in the menu ? ...
well tytler was given a clean chit by the court .
bischoff could n't see him but the announcers could ?
thank you everyone for your advice and support i really appreciate it .
you just reminded me that i used to when working in that setting use song boards !
songs like 5 little ducks wheels on the bus with pictures that could be pulled off the boards to represent key parts or choices within the song e.g .
there 's an example of a song board here http www.speakingofspeech.com/augcom_materials.html .
ideas 1 3 and 5 together would return him to a rock of a mid lane .
aghs is an easy item to get up on a core .
if a core wants aghs they can get it as their first big item at 10-15 minutes depending on game .
the trading post in gw2 is one if not the best trading system in all mmorpg 's i 've played .
the one thing we lack is person to person trading .
making listings expire after a certain amount of time will increase prices and make the market frustratingly unstable in price .
for example the markets in vindictus ... oh god shudder
so if we have four kids and have one more that makes five .
no i 'm afraid we do n't have benchmarks yet .
however we took a lot of effort to keep the compile time within o log n bounds despite rust 's problems with where clauses our first version of subtraction actually devolved into o n once but paholg managed to fix it .
just one data point our current test suite compiles within 10 seconds .
the runtime overhead is exactly zero because there is no way to instantiate the number types .
edti and now thanks to bluss we also inline all functions that can be called without instantiating anything which should help llvm to do the right thing only on github for now but i expect another version bump soon .
yes of corse garry is a troll ... he 's sabotaging his main source of income purely to piss on the random people of steam .
in reality there is probably months of work to overhaul performance .
i wish it were that simple but unfortunately it 's not .
covert sexual abuse http www.emotionalabuseanswers.org/emoabu/what-is-emotional-abuse/covert-sexual-abuse can be extremely difficult to identify and even harder to act upon .
a recent study '' links to a study from 2004 .
sorry fella but in neurology 11 years is a very long time .
especially when we are talking about neurodegenerative diseases as pathogenic mechanisms for both diseases have been proposed quashed proposed quashed and so on .
dw they are probably nipples but you can pretend it 's a dried mushroom belt
it 's not open source at the moment though the plan is to eventually make the blockchain parsing code open source .
so i guess i was lucky to get that the last word '' with my first ever three of coins ?
i just hate how some people feel the need to completely vilify the 'opposition ' .
i explained to you how i feel about regina as a character but based on the interactions between her and emma i can see the appeal of sq despite being more on the cs side myself .
i mean we all like/love this bloody show for one reason or another let 's act like we appreciate there are so many other people that do too .
it will be hard not to check reddit to see what 's happening while i 'm at work .
i 'd shit my pants if he just turned around and looked at me .
shows flashes of brilliance sometimes but there were some games where he disappeared vs udinese fiorentina .
stop taking in more and more of them ... the vast majority of them is illegally here ...
nice but i would like a bray only poster since that would make consistently like an official poster p
former soviet republics kept whatever equipment they had whe the ussr broke up ukraine has t-64 and t-72 .
the t-64 and t-80 were primarily produced by malyshev in kharkiv while t-72/t-90 were produced by uralvagonzavod in nizhny tagil .
kharkiv is in ukraine nizhny tagil is in the urals .
both plants continued making tanks after the fall of the ussr .
but now kharkiv is in a different country from russia so procuring parts for the t-64/t-80 series became a lot harder causing russia to phase out the 64/80 .
similarly the ukrainians phased out the t-72 because nizhny tagil is now in russia .
right now you have t-64bm/bv on the ukrainian side against t-72b1/b3 on the russian side .
i 'm pretty sure yi 's e does not benefit .
your passives procs more often what means that the double strike which applies yi 's e comes in more often but the e itself does not go off like double every second aa .
i did n't even know there was such a thing as 4xs ... .know your audience i guess
steamos is just debian with steam installed on top of it so ... if it does n't work on steamos it may have problems in other setups .
have to spend 4 out of the 5 coming weekdays in leeds on business .
i get up at the crack of dawn to catch my train and it turns out it 's cancelled .
i do n't see the issue with wwoofing at all .
some people would rather spend time than money in order to travel .
we had the demo of spyro 2 on one of those discs with a bunch of demos .
there was also a demo of spyro 1 hidden in crash 3 .
spyro 2 was the first one we actually bought when i was about 5 followed by spyro 3 .
it was n't until a few years after that that i finally played the full game of spyro 1
ever i finished plague of shadows like last week or the week before i 've wanted to cover pretty much every original from it but i ca n't seem to find the .nsf anywhere ... maybe i just have n't looked hard enough ?
but when i do find it i 'll definitely cover some of those tracks .
rc cola is literally cola good enough for fucking royalty i 'll fight anyone who is n't down with the royal crown .
i just made everyone that was actually important download wechat
as in a why choose her to main as i 'm assuming you do and b why is she a good pick ?
so they 'll move up and draw an offsides penalty .
but that is n't offsides unless it 's unabated to the qb .
people jump the line and jump back all the time .
does n't get called unless the ball is snapped while they are still offsides .
i think there 's a lot of over reaction here because we know what 's happened since .
the rabbit punches were nothing like as severe as the ones in the matthyse vs postal fight .
the low blow and the one significant rabbit punch were the only two massive fouls .
it 's easy to talk trash about the williams and the referee in hindsight .
but had colon been fine this fight would n't of been considered too dirty at all .
i would have followed through with this offer but ive already found the item .
jeg ved sq godt der ikke er noget kalifat .
og i sådan miljø kan det være nemmere for ekstreme ideologier at opnå fremskridt .
we are talking about what roles the cyclones should fill balance comes after that
i think you have to be in the air for it to stun them .
no i 'm pretty sure it was the same post from angelina jolie just reposted .
if you ca n't find any other youtube links try this spotify one https play.spotify.com/track/6gn5xeawdwe8a44xquusoa
shit i 'll join if you 're in it for the long haul ...
i just hate joining heists and then having someone leave 15 seconds before we complete it .
i 've been trying to do the rashkovsky prison transport one for months now and i got literally 10 ft. from where you drop off the plane and some idiot left .
there should be penalties for leaving heists or they should allow whoever 's left to split the rewards without the other person .
if i 'm to believe reddit then i 'll either die in the tpp revolt of 2016 or the zombie apocalypse .
ca n't they all go and live on uist ?
then they can make that independent and leave the rest of us to it ?
dan is a wet noodle and wo n't budge .
whatever they say they want to do he says is fine .
and as he is the one turning in the app for us he 's the one they see as being in charge .
i 'll have to talk to dan about backing me up because if he does n't than i wo n't really have a leg to stand on .
but i do n't think he 'll be able to do that .
i 've got a killer jetlag and should have been asleep 5 hours ago but i ca n't stop watching him grill !
true though i get it with stuff that takes dedication like certain sports arts etc .
if you can master it and it takes a lot of time to do so i am much more okay with it .
it still probably makes you boring to talk to though .
next time you make cheese on toast splash on a little worcester sauce just as the cheese has melted but not yet bubbling .
add a glug to a glass of tomato juice too or bloody marys
when you 're cooking with meat be careful not to overdo it .
you do n't want the dish to taste strongly of worcester sauce really just have a background umami similar to how you 'd use thai fish sauce ws is after all anchovy-based also
have you guys noticed under the free '' it says just pay an extra 5 ?
i 'll tell you what he did he took it straight back to walmart got the refund of 20 then held his ex-girlfriend at gunpoint to hand over her credit card and put the remaining 40 on it for fallout 4 then he broke it off with her after .
because the batzen was an expensive coin batzen can be used to quantify the amount of money .
i 'm really excited that this is/will be used by generic-array and dimensioned even though i do n't have a use case for it right now
i 've been reading the power of habit to understand this to better implement it in my life .
burnt patches of trees and scorched earth would be so awesome .
i have encountered burned caravans http elderscrolls.wikia.com/wiki/burning_caravan but i think there 's only one of it in skyrim .
your post has been removed because you did not include a correct tag at the beginning of your title .
without this i 'm not able to assign the appropriate flair .
please re-submit your post with one of the following tags in the title .
your post will also be removed if the title is in all caps or if there are less than 2 words in the title not including the tag .
if you 're unsure of what tag to use then question or discussion would probably work for most borderline cases .
release new tweaks that have just been released or submitted
discussion jailbreak related discussions where anyone can give their opinion .
for example favorite/recommended tweaks tweak concepts tweak configurations etc .
request requests for a tweak to be made or updated
note if you wish to use multiple tags please do not split '' your tags like this question/discussion .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/jailbreak if you have any questions or concerns .
how much you want to bet that this is also an attempt to squealch anonymous ?
it is absolutely not okay to falsely accuse someone of rape .
im just wondering how many of these women who falsely accuse '' these people are just buckling under the pressure of seemingly no one believing them .
if you 've never been abused in any way it 's hard for you to understand but you can internalize the blame and make it your fault .
you are in a vulnerable place emotionally and suffer from disordered thinking .
and you want things to go away so you try to gain some control back by saying no it 's not true .
i made it up '' and then you beat yourself up and try not to completely fall apart .
my cydia crash after update ios 9.02 and jailbreak use the last update from pangu when i click the icon and after preparing file system on cydia and that crash ..any solution ?
first time attempting the raid have watched multiple playthroughs though .
i have twc and use either the box or the online utility to watch games .
i see videos on youtube that are clearly on the same channel but they have 60fps .
what am i missing here to get that quality ?
other than the spacies and swordies who are the top characters for the current patch ?
saw it on untapped so had a bit of a google .
has anyone been able to get matlab to work with mac from the oit download ?
it wants me to download an entire iso and then run that through a program only available through windows .
zhu is in danger of being eliminated from the smash summit voting process .
he will record his experience and share it with us .
he will also cosplay as a character of your choice he must really want to go^^^duh https twitter.com/poorzhu/status/656289788841074688
it looks like leffen called him out for being a sellout with the cheesy cosplay .
i would agree that its cheesy but why would you not do everything in you 're power to get to smash summit if you care about it as much as zhu ?
it 's not selling out he just wants to play some smash .
he has been helping to improve and working for the smash community for a long time
zhu would have 2-0'ed him if it was a bo3^^^but^it^was n't https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=f-_muxhyiga app=desktop
he 's not^^^^^that awkward and would represent the community well
also he has really been working hard to improve his with training streams making smash practice picking up a sheik secondary and more .
a big cpu would fit inside a desktop pc so why do n't we have them ?
the only stuff i 've personally bought before is 2 grams planning on getting a 1/2 ounce now to supply myself for a while and be fiscal and stuff .
i was painting my dijeh http i.imgur.com/9dn2mnp.jpg and was conflicted on what to paint a few of the parts .
http i.imgur.com/t0fxpbm.jpg basically the yellow parts are painted orange the light blue is painted green the red is red and the navy is painted black .
i was wondering if i should repaint the orange and red parts different colors .
i was thinking of changing the orange parts to gold and i do n't know what i want to paint the red .
i basically want to know if this will help eliminate or reduce any possible negative effects on my joints from the impact on the treadmill and running .
i sometimes also go with a 20lbs vest for 20 mins at a time at a 10 degree incline and not running but definitely not walking either .
i 've been searching all over the god damn internet looking at unregulated box mods .
i just want a decent box mod wired in series .
i 'm not too picky at this point do n't care about design but mosfet and volt meter would be nice but i just do n't want to have to spend 100 bucks on a mod .
the only place that seems to sell them is bcbox and those are 70 .
is there anywhere i can find one for like 30 50 bucks ?
i want it to be decent but i 'm just broke as fuck .
he goes on to hogwarts since he got all the letters before that ... and struggles to fit in but everything he dreamed actually happens and he is the underdog who helps malfoy save the day from the shadows .
so many possibilities i 'll leave it to some actual comedians to come up with the best
fellow star wars fans what are your favorite fan theories ?
they can be from the originals prequels animated or eu .
all my friends seem to have gone away ... and have been wondering around lost.. p are there any 20 something new leafers out there to hang with ?
looking for code that allows someone to choose what song plays before a match by holding a specific button before loading a stage .
be as specific as possible and include specific games or programs you will be using .
note beyond a week or two from today means any build you receive will be out of date when you want to buy .
what exactly do you need included in the budget ?
which country and state/province will you be purchasing the parts in ?
if you 're in us do you have access to a microcenter location ?
jacksonville florida no idea if there are any microcenters near me .
if reusing any parts including monitor s keyboard/mouse/etc what parts will you be reusing ?
if yes are you interested in overclocking right away or down the line ?
are there any specific features or items you want/need in the build ?
ex ssd large amount of storage or a raid setup cuda or opencl support etc
not really heard ssd 's are nice but idk if i have the budget i 'd like to get literally everything for 1000 and be able to play fallout 4 and league and minecraft .
do you have any specific case preferences size like itx/microatx/mid-tower/full-tower styles colors window or not led lighting etc or a particular color theme preference for the components ?
whatever is cheapest really do n't care although if you can get it for the same exact price then i 'd prefer a larger tower as i feel it 'd be easier to work with in the assembly process and also think bigger is cooler .
do you need a copy of windows included in the budget ?
if you do need one included do you have a preference ?
i thought windows was an os which i already said i needed .
i will preface what i am about to type with the information that i know little about computers use that how you will .
well i know for a fact i can get all of this and be more than satisfied with the performance .
i actually have 1200 to spend but am setting 200 aside to have a guy come out and set up a wired internet connection as i do n't like depending on wireless i 'm a very high ranked player in league and even one second of delay at the wrong time can be the difference between my entire team winning or losing .
i was set on a gtx 970 for a while ... but i 'm competent that a lesser gpu such as an r9 290 will suffice even for fallout 4 .
i obviously will not need anything greater than an i5 which is what i was considering not trying to bottleneck or anything of the sort and i do n't really see me needing a trillion cores am i right ?
we 've been happily married with my wife for a year now and although my brother is 2y older than i am he has n't proposed to his partner yet .
however he 's planning to do it in the same place like i did .
its a nice botanic garden in the city although he 's chosen another corner to be completely frank .
once i told that to my wife at first she was a bit surprised by the selection of that specific location but then as some weeks went by she started getting more agitated by that .
asked a number of her female friends also if its just her or she really has a right '' to feel that way .
she was clearly disturbed by the fact that my brother is planning to propose in the same place we had our moment .
a week ago i gently told my brother that is he sure he wants to propose there and that his future wife will be happy about the fact that the location was identical to our 's .
but if i think myself back to that moment i was as ignorant as anyone with women 's expectations towards marriage and proposals .
and im now torn between trying to talk to my brother once more to convince him he should choose another place or leave my wife feeling unhappy .
both choices seem to suck badly and i personally do n't want to intervene into the process so much as its their relationship and i know he did n't choose that location because i proposed there but because his future wife loves orchids which are in the garden .
according to my knowledge thus far there has not yet been a female winner of a major ygo event .
does anyone have any information of a female possibly winning a region that we are not as familiar with ?
and do we have any idea who are the top pro '' female players ?
i apologize if my plead for help is in bad taste here thanks in advance for any input .
i have a reasonable amount of technical ability and am quite familiar with windows but i have been tasked with something that is a bit beyond me .
my work small business 12 computers 1 server has recently acquired an even smaller business 5 computers just down the street from us .
we want to give them access to our server .
apparently we had a guy set up the server initially who has since retired and moved away .
all i really know is that we all have a desktop icon that says 'share with server ' and that is how we access it drag and drop into whichever folder you need to .
we use it to store jobsite photos and generic work authorization/work order forms so anyone can print a blank form or access photos of a job .
none of this is sensitive information and everyone has the same level of access .
say we get a new computer in my office .
how do i create a desktop shortcut to the server folder like every other computer has ?
the server does n't show up under the network tab in windows explorer where i see all of the other computers in the office .
bonus question why does n't it show up there ?
can i just run the windows vpn wizard on each computer from the new office and punch in the server ip address ?
if it matters yes i 'll have access to log in to the server as admin for anything i might need .
i have not much to give but i will upvote as hard as i can
and the worst she leaves it all on night when we 're going to sleep .
while she does put it in vibrate most of the time the rest of the time she forgets and it wakes me up .
and even if it is in vibrate i just feel anxious knowing '' the phone is on all night buzzing away silently and get a bad 's night sleep .
the thing is we married before phones were popular and this was n't an issue .
i 've tried to bring it up but she calls me a luddite and i find the romance to be draining .
i love this woman but find my love falling prey to this physical angst .
this is throaway account due to wife being on reddit all the darn time which i know will curry favor with you lot .
tldr wife addicted to phone at all times ruining my opinion of her .
there are tons of these tent structures everywhere at least all up and down the coastline .
street view near any of these show seemingly just dirt underneath no vegetation growth i thought farming related at first .
i am a graphic designer by trade and would be glad to help anyone out who wants something pending the amount of free time i have .
i think visual content really helps provide immersion in worldbuilding so i 'm all for it .
if anybody else has a neat skill to share they think is relevant to the collab i would encourage offering it here as well .
experience preferred looking to run some noob friends through it for the first time .
i 'm guessing the vast majority of you subscribe to this subreddit because you love this institution and its community .
but maybe a significant minority among you browse r/berkeley because you are hanging by the final threads of your unraveling expectations of what this school and its community should provide for you .
i know you 're out there because i feel and have felt the same .
as a 4th year i 've spent my entire undergraduate career wondering if i had made a mistake in coming here if perhaps the problem lay with me rather than the school and if there were a way to make my experience here something other than the massive time sink i 'm tempted to believe it is .
well if you have similar questions i have some bad news .
i do n't have the answers neither for myself nor for you .
i do n't know if my dissatisfaction with my college experience is my fault .
i do n't know if it is fair to blame the institution of uc berkeley for its shortcomings .
i 'm on my way out the door so these sorts of questions no longer matter much to me .
at this point i 've accepted that my berkeley experience has been a personal struggle and largely unsatisfying .
i 've distanced myself from that reality and now i just go through the motions bide my time and look forward to what i hope will be a better experience after graduation .
if these thoughts resonate with you and you are in the beginnings of your undergraduate career then i hope you 'll take the time to read what i have to say .
i wish that i could have gotten this sort of advice when i was a freshman .
instead i spent years complaining about the school 's inadequacies and feeling alone .
it 's not okay if you 're having a bad time here .
give yourself a break and just be honest about your feelings about this place .
if you 're having a miserable time here then something needs to change .
we 're only getting older and every year of your life is an opportunity to be happy fulfilled and learning .
if this is not that sort of year you need to take action .
no one is going to come into your life and make everything amazing and magical .
if you are thinking about transferring sit your fucking ass down and fill out some applications .
give yourself the chance to actually make this decision .
do n't just fantasize about how awesome life at another school might be .
ask yourself why you 're having a bad time .
believe it or not you wo n't have a good time if you 're not taking care of the most basic human needs .
if you are n't sleeping eating well and exercising regularly you could be in fucking paradise and you would n't have a good time .
do not succumb to the insanity of our student body .
getting good grades is not more important than being happy and healthy .
finding friends is not as simple as people like to make it seem .
people often say things like oh you do n't have friends ?
it 's worth a shot so definitely go for it .
if you want to meet likeminded people you 're gon na have to put yourself out there .
but that being said for a lot of people this solution '' does n't amount to much .
i have been involved in a number of organizations from club sports to campus publications from a social fraternity to campus jobs .
i have learned many names gained countless facebook friends and exchanged tons of numbers .
but how many friends did i actually gain from these extracurricular endeavors ?
and to be honest the dude 's no longer here .
my point is if you 're making an active effort to meet people and still find that you 're not able to find your community here you might be in the wrong place .
if you are honestly trying to make friends but are coming up empty handed i really do n't think you 're mistaken in concluding that there is some disconnect between yourself and the majority culture of this school that can not be easily remedied .
it does n't mean you 're fucked up but it might and you should consider transferring or doing something else entirely .
do n't subject yourself to 4 years of being in a place you simply can not enjoy being in .
maximize your enjoyment of the things you like about this school .
there 's a lot i hate about this school .
one thing in particular is the surprising number of educators '' who suck do n't give a shit about their students or both .
my best academic experiences in my four years here though have been when i enter a lecture hall and am blown away by a professor who clearly cares about my education and about the words that come out of their mouth .
there are some really amazing professors here but you have to find them .
i wish i took more time and care to avoid mediocre educators .
so this is what i suggest find out what you do like about berkeley and go suck that proverbial tit dry .
there 's a lot of other stuff i could say about this school but i 'm going to cut this short before i overload reddit 's servers .
feel free to message me if you want to hear more of my thoughts or if you 're having an absolutely shitty time here .
i love bitching about this place especially over a beer or ten .
as the title states i 'm currently sitting in class and i 'm bored .
this professor has a very heavy accent which makes it difficult to follow along anyways .
about me 29 will be 30 on nov 4th years old and i 'm finishing up my ba in english .
right now i 'd like to chat rp or answer any questions someone might have .
dark brown hair hazel eyes full trimmed beard and a genuinely nice guy .
also recently single so i have that going for me too .
hope to hear from someone while i 'm in this class for the next 2 hours .
i usually have normal blonia and ara up but have lots of options if requested padherder.com/user/phaese
i 'm a canadian applying to your awesome american law schools .
i 'm having a hard time understanding some of the differences and what not .
i am in the market for a sub 150 wireless headset .
i have heard good things but for an extra forty bucks i 'm not sure .
also i have heard the construction is cheap compared to their usual products .
edit u/rastamonstahh attests to the build quality of these as well as their wireless ability with windows 10
i have heard good and bad things about this one .
mostly that the mic is too short and does not have enough pick up .
but there was recently a firmware update that was supposed to help as well as one consumer reviewer said his solution was to tape over the noise canceling mic and his problem was solved .
edit u/muetter has confirmed that the mic issues have been resolved .
as well as plug and play compatibility with windows 10
it seems that pdp saw their mistakes and were able to quickly release a new product .
this one is substantially lighter has a better frame and replaced the retractable mic with a removable one which apparently solved the voice level issue .
but other than few reviews on bestbuy 's site i can not find anything at all about them .
i would like to get the 420x but if the ag 7 or ag 9 is actually comparable then i would be willing to go with that .
but the professional reviews feel very biased towards liking the product .
i have yet to see or read a side buy side comparison i was hoping someone here would have encountered these an could give their opinion .
edit i would like to thank everyone who has commented here and answered my questions .
hopefully others can reference this to help with their purchase decisions .
i 've seen many breaking battles where someone will throw themselves into a headspin usually for long periods of time and then get up on their feet without looking disoriented in the slightest .
do they just get used to the rapid spins through practice ?
or is there some kind of secret science as to why they do n't get dizzy or so it seems ?
my wife just messaged me saying that southcentre just received a bomb threat .
so i actually land in london on christmas day and i 've never visited before .
i realize a lot of things are closed especially restaurants and attractions i 'd typically check out .
in lieu of all that is there anything cool open during this time or anything to stroll through ?
since i 'm staying near covent garden i was planning on at least doing some simple sight-seeing like big ben and i think regent st. is open ?
i 'm vegan so food hot spots are probably a no-go .
i would n't want to do anything too expensive more than 40 and am fine with just looking at stuff .
i 've gone through visitlondon.com and timeout.com and could n't really find anything .
i see there 's some tours going on like this one http visitlondon.gttix.com/productdetails.aspx ? productid=2735 ga=1.167858597.583386368.1445298585 but i 'm already planning on checking those places out on foot later in the week .
would love any advice on how to make this a wonderful christmas o
hi i notice some of you ask for givenchy items and here is one !
the bane of my existence with ccgs/lcgs ... organizing the cards .
netrunner was two binders one corp one runner organized within by faction and then by card type .
it proved to be a pain to organize and build decks especially as the card pool became larger .
dice masters required smaller decks more like teams so i simply organized the cards alphabetically by set .
each set was around 120 cards and the game required no duplicates so one set easily fit into a single deck box .
my decision to stop playing that was based as much upon organization as it was cost .
i think the biggest problem in a new game like this is that ways that you can organize cards while the game is new become major headaches later on when a larger library of cards is available .
the other thing that i hate when decks of 30 are involved ... sleeving and unsleeving .
i think for ashes i 'm just getting one brand one color and keeping them sleeved all the time ... and the cards will probably be alphabetical except for the phoenixborn and their unique cards ... ?
so what 's your future-proof way to organize this ?
i sold kosielny and erickson for and i 've played 3games with him he 's scored once and i 'm running a 4222 with welbeck henderson and fermihno so he gets full chemistry do you guys think i should keep him .
i have been looking for dragon and/or fairy friend safaris for a very long time if you have a safari with either of these types or know someone who has a safari with this type that you can tell to add me then please comment below .
suppose that y f x is a curve that always lies above the x-axis and never has a horizontal tangent and that f is differentiable everywhere .
for what value of y is the rate of change of y^7 with respect to x equal to one hundred and eighty-nine times the rate of change of y with respect to x ?
using the restorative justice circle process '' we will have a discussion about race sexual orientation religion physical appearance and any other elements that make us who we are !
we seek to provide a safe environment where students can freely and openly discuss their experiences and multicultural selves.
help us make a difference create a more inclusive environment on campus !
the name of the development is maple ridge townhomes but would submitting a filter with the words maple ridge '' be in violation of the rules even though we all refer to the neighborhood as maple ridge ?
long story short i need to tow 600lbs worth of items plus the weight of the trailer using my 2003 honda crv 4 wheel drive .
can this car handle it for an 800 mile drive and what sort of after market trailer hitch have people here had the best experience using ?
i meet a lot of people and have to manually enter in their contact details .
after watching the trailer a bazillion times i began to realize that the common belief that the mysterious figure leading the crowds of stormtrooper on the snow planet is snoke does n't quite hold up .
if you go to this https youtu.be/sgbxmsdfvne ? t=35s part of the trailer you can hear him if you listen closely .
the voice just plainly does n't match the performance he gave in the other teasers .
so if it 's not snoke who is it ?
it could be hux but my gut tells me that hux is the one standing next to phasma here https youtu.be/u2fqbj9idxq ? t=59s .
if my gut is right this mystery just got a whole lot thicker ...
included in this report the top 75 posts and 313 of the top comments by 80 distinct authors .
30|/u/makesyoumoist average number of swastikas the average lnp voters have ?
25|/u/o_-_-_-_-v-_-_-_-_o spotted australian border force on george street in sydney https www.reddit.com/r/circlejerkaustralia/comments/3ooox3/spotted_australian_border_force_on_george_street ? ref=search_posts
25|/u/forkalious our based overlords and sponsors have provided us with a new advertising campaign .
it is now approved and active on the mothership .
24|/u/makesyoumoist number of vpn and tor things you are using now that freedom is dead in oz ?
23|/u/makesyoumoist amount of ways you 're a racist cunt who is tired of a deranged cunt putting gate at the end of flair here ?
20|/u/v_maet just the regular morning abc karma farming https www.reddit.com/r/circlejerkaustralia/comments/3owni3/just_the_regular_morning_abc_karma_farming ? ref=search_posts
20|/u/doggie017 dis gon na be good https www.reddit.com/r/circlejerkaustralia/comments/3ot7gc/dis_gonna_be_good ? ref=search_posts
18|/u/whytiederp u/forkalious trying to get in on jerk chat banter https www.reddit.com/r/circlejerkaustralia/comments/3oscbg/uforkalious_trying_to_get_in_on_jerk_chat_banter ? ref=search_posts
18|/u/forkalious amount of times people in here have been hurt by being called a racist cunt by u/whytiederp https www.reddit.com/r/circlejerkaustralia/comments/3ofwkq/amount_of_times_people_in_here_have_been_hurt_by ? ref=search_posts
17|/u/im_tw1g just an idea for you fellow r/austalians https www.reddit.com/r/circlejerkaustralia/comments/3ofe07/just_an_idea_for_you_fellow_raustalians ? ref=search_posts
17|/u/iamtherealzyzz how to fit in at r/oz https www.reddit.com/r/circlejerkaustralia/comments/3oe75h/how_to_fit_in_at_roz ? ref=search_posts
16|/u/mubd1234 photograph of queensland 's contribution to the australian cultural landscape https www.reddit.com/r/circlejerkaustralia/comments/3p7z6q/photograph_of_queenslands_contribution_to_the ? ref=search_posts
16|/u/mubd1234 official sydney is full of nazis https www.reddit.com/r/circlejerkaustralia/comments/3ox1zc/official_sydney_is_full_of_nazis ? ref=search_posts
16|/u/sennais1 mfw i 've been mia from this sub and click though the links .
15|/u/normie_not_aspie open question if liblab win the next election what is the best course of action ?
15|/u/ausleft instead of chaplains why is n't proper r/australia etiquette part of school curriculum ?
stuff like learning how to post the correct opinions dae hate coal ?
and pointing out right wing shills are invaluable tools for life that all children should learn .
14|/u/trigger_warnings number of trannies that will get treatment if only the bigots will get rid of their transphobia .
14|/u/jamescishetfield australian beach pattern could happily have hung in hitler 's bunker .
14|/u/normie_not_aspie russell brand flies into australia nails it again .
14|/u/suddenlysnowed_in labor will remove fascist elements from the periodic table if elected says jason clare .
14|/u/g2420hd australian popcorn u/doubleunplussed fighting the good fight https www.reddit.com/r/circlejerkaustralia/comments/3ooqv9/australian_popcorn_udoubleunplussed_fighting_the ? ref=search_posts
14|/u/makesyoumoist upvote this if you 're a proud cja member who knows that the au mods ban people based on their sarcastic comments and call it abuse .
13|/u/d_i_a_f_c a very solid jerk intense fruity undertones bit of oaky wooden spices good potential to age .
13|/u/sennais1 mfw the canadian mod-shill works out who i am .
13|/u/o_-_-_-_-v-_-_-_-_o if it did n't happen to me then it ca n't happen to anyone https www.reddit.com/r/circlejerkaustralia/comments/3op727/if_it_didnt_happen_to_me_then_it_cant_happen_to ? ref=search_posts
13|/u/el_barno serious is australia going to end up a fascist state like america ?
13|/u/whytiederp new exercise plan to stop u/innercitytrendy 's jerk chat bullying https www.reddit.com/r/circlejerkaustralia/comments/3oioxy/new_exercise_plan_to_stop_uinnercitytrendys_jerk ? ref=search_posts
12|/u/iamtherealzyzz dae think the liberal party are nazi 's xd ! ! ! ! ! 1 ! !
11|/u/lairyspider found this documentary on andrew bolts time as an outback teacher .
this report was automatically cross-posted from r/subredditreports at the request of this sub 's moderators .
while this will seem like a small number to most it should be noted that the libertarian party leads all of the obscure '' parties by a long shot ! !
people are beginning to wake up and learn about libertarianism .
with each election the party will surely gain more ground .
little backstory i 'm a senior in mechanical engineering and i realized that i want to focus on an area that involves polymers .
problem is i 've only taken basic chemistry and probably forgot a lot about it and do not have any time to take higher level chemistry courses .
can anyone recommend a good book to read independently ?
i just started watching the link u/missingreel posted last week .
its remarkable how these girls always seem to put 100 into every single show they do .
i 've yet to see anything that could be called phoning it in '' in any of their official recordings bootlegs youtube clips ... what an amazing display of professionalism if not passion !
i 'm new to seo and trying to learn about how best to go about certain aspects of link building .
say for example i 'm an angel investor trying to rank for 'how to secure funding for your start up ' .
the end goal of this would be to drive traffic to enquire about getting finance though i 'm unsure about how to get the page i want to appear in serps .
the page i want to rank guides prospective customers through the process of securing finance and contains a cta linking to the product page with the options available eg just finance finance with mentoring finance with mentoring and accountancy .
in terms of seo efforts the plan was to create a page about how to secure start up finance .
the problem i 'm struggling to comprehend is which page to link to in the back linked content .
if i was to include a url to our guidance page it would n't be wholly suitable for interested readers as they might be primed to enquire not read more information on 'how to secure finance ' and would be more suited for our homepage/product page .
if i was to link to our homepage surely our homepage would rank for 'how to secure finance ' instead and would n't be suitable for customers searching such a term as they are unsure about the process and would be better served with our guidance page ?
would i do better to create content about common roadblocks to securing start up finance and solutions with a link to our guidance page ?
i would ideally like to create content on both topics to cater to a wider audience .
sorry if this was a bit long i wanted to try to explain the situation fully .
have lina and sf arcana i need cs go huntsman or shadow case key
i 'm selling my ticket either for 50 dollars paypal or 50 in gems .
you can optionally if neither of those feels comfortable i can send you to my ebay page to buy the ticket there .
i know some pieces of the deck seem unnessicary like the pestermite/splinter twin combo but i like having it there just in case nekusar gets focused so i still have a win con .
ezio at peak with all upgraded equipment across his trilogy excluding apple of eden .
if it 's a 10/10 stomp in any round ezio gets the apple of eden for that round .
trying to get me and my group of friends who are looking to play rainbow six siege some keys .
nu-man is a famous singer and songwriter who has the passion to entertain his fans .
just visit our website and enjoy the best party dance music of nu-man .
also visit our online portal to check the next event latest music featured album upcoming events and so on .
this is where i am at on 2 jan 1615 .
now that we know who our representatives are for many of us new ones we can take advantage of this .
contact your new mp and communicate the needs of the vaping community .
such issues such as health canada stopping nicotine shipments and encouraging them to take a similar stance to that of england .
we hold in our collective hands an opportunity to give our community a chance to prosper and save more lives !
was watching the game and saw a lady with a baby in her lap sitting court side on the left of the announcers table .
players can often fly into the stands to save a ball and you bring a baby ?
what are you going to do if the worst were to happen cuz of normal game action ?
because you made the decision to bring your baby ?
should the player not perform an action in which he thinks will be effective towards his overall goal in winning the game ?
i want to buy either of these phones leaning more to the 6p but i 've been reading that they wo n't work with tmobile ?
should i buy the phone or will i have problems ?
i 'm already aware that i have to buy it from google directly .
i was at the playground at my apartment complex with my 18mo .
when he was younger he used to just play by himself or with me .
recently he 's been trying to join in with the older kids .
today a pair of siblings 3-8 yo ish didnt want to play with my child .
that is fine but my son keeps walking over next to them wanting to play .
little girl stares at my son and tell him to go away and i dont like you '' .
older boy sticks his arm out and push my boy to go away .
i take kiddo away to the other side of the playground and he goes back to them ...
my son seems completely clueless and always wanders back to the siblings wanting to play again after a few minutes .
the playground is small and these are our neighbors kids and their parents were not around .
but i guess my question is.. what do i tell my 18 mo when this happens ?
do i explain that some kids are just mean and dont want to play with him ?
or do i just take him away from the situation without explanation ?
what do i say when my child gets older and asks why they do n't want to play with him ?
the lazy zhang gong decides to learn light magic a magic often ridiculed as useless for it 's defensive nature .
while trying to end the continent 's east and west separation in order to unite all of the different races he becomes every race 's child of light .
i was in my destroyer and took a fair amount of damage .
he shot me again and did n't acknowledge my chat .
so i pulled a 180 charged him launched six torpedoes and sunk his ass .
is ff friendly fire becoming a thing in wows now ?
i 'm rewatching the series with a friend who has never seen it but he sometimes watches episodes on his own .
i want to make sure i see this episode with him though to see his reaction since i know that it was the biggest twist in the series for me .
i really love the writing and the background that 's been built for this world .
it kinda reminds me of the movie hancock but instead of your soulmate weakening your power like in the movie they strengthen it it makes this story so much more happier .
i do n't know what i 'm saying im pretty high right now i just thought it was cool .
it 's not if i had you or ghost town or what do you want from me ... ..but a different one .
stupid question but the song is catchy and i ca n't think of the name or the lyrics lol
i 'm planning a long trip into the outback and looking for some ambient tunes to accompany me .
if you guys have any more like that i 'd love to have a listen !
first time poster and lurker of about 4 months .
i am not really too sure how to introduce myself so i will just dive in .
my partner and i have a beautiful 12 week old baby .
my partner took her to her mother 's house to visit some relatives today and her autistic 13-year old cousin thought it was the funniest thing on earth to get really close to our baby and yell boo '' at her as loud as he can .
needless to say it upsets her and calming her down is no easy task .
admittedly i have zero experience dealing with any autistic children and i have no idea what to do when they are behaving let alone scaring the shit out of my first born .
it 's tough because he gets a kick out of making people mad so yelling at him ultimately just encourages him .
i feel like i could ignore him but as long as it causes my baby to cry it will always be funny to him .
normally i 'd probably try talking to his dad mom is n't around or grandma who is his primary care caregiver but his dad does n't give a shit and his grandma seems to be just as unable to control him as the rest of us .
in fact grandma was actually around when this all went down .
i do n't really know how reddit works as i have never had a post receive this large a response so if i am going about this wrong i apologize but i am just so stoked on the amazing responses i have gotten and i have to thank you all for your responses .
i am super grateful to everyone in this place for the support and i hope one day i can pay it forward to other new parents .
i know that if all else fails we can just make sure baby and cousin are never in the same room but i would rather find a better solution if at all possible .
i attend this high school and there 's this one friend who always makes my life shit .
to other people he 's a nice guy but he admits that he likes to see me in pain .
he likes to call me a fat negro '' which is ok if it 's all fun and games but sometimes it is n't just a joke .
he makes me throw all his trash do all his work .
there 's a small cabinet in the side of the school that gets locked in the outside so he keeps on locking me in .
he likes to beat me up and steal my stuff and beat me up .
he claims that it does n't hurt but it does .
no one seems to care because they thinks it 's just those teenage guy things .
he takes pictures using my phone of my crush and sends it to her claiming that i was stalking .
today he grabbed my bottle and i told him to give it back since i usually get told by my grandmother that i should not lose my bottles .
i tried to grab for the bottle but when i tried to i tripped and he struck me in the head really hard three times probably more if i did n't stand up which left me pretty dizzy .
i kind of lost my head from there and it did n't help that there was an exam .
i tried to tell my family but i always am the one to blame .
they say i 'm a pussy and gay for not fighting back .
i just do n't want to get in trouble and the guy is a blackbelt in taekwondo .
it 's like they are not even trying anymore .
i can sort out 99 of malicious/unwanted mails without even opening it .
but the ones that actually get me to open it with cleverly diguised headers and links that point to websites that have seemingly valid https certificates ... i appreciate these .
someone actually put some thought into these instead of just firing some google translated text with an .exe attached to it all over the place .
i have an xt1045 on cricket stock 4.4.4 sigh .
a few days ago it showed no mobile connection so i toggled airplane mode did n't help .
i went to the cricket store no account issues .
i did a full reset got bars and connection it worked for calls and navigation .
a few hours later i get a notification that i have a voicemail but when i try to call it says unknown sim network or something similar and when i try again it says to turn off airplane mode .
it was already off but i toggled it again but no luck .
also if i need to send this in what 's the cheapest android i can find to put this sim in until the moto g gets repaired i have surgery next week and am expecting several important calls to this number .
i was wondering what your plans were for your halloween stream ?
i 'm new to streaming but my plans are to do my first ever 12 hour stream and then play a bunch of scary games i 'd normally never play outlast for example .
in terms of dressing up i do n't think i will but i have re-done my stream overlays to be more halloween themed already live .
would love to have a mic on the keyboard .
if not is this something that can be enabled by a tweak on a jail broken phone ?
no light level or mic requirements just have arc weapons and a good attitude .
so i 'm a fan of telltale and halo and it 's not mystery that telltale does games off of literally everything !
i mean seriously from the walking dead to minecraft .
so if by some case telltale made a game about halo would you buy it ?
and what would you want it to be about ?
i 'm still relatively new to this kind of writing so feedback would be appreciated here .
there will be four parts to the series all of the possibilities for each of them already planned out but so far i 've only finished actually writing two both of which are below .
in addition to constructive criticism before i continue writing i want to know whether or not this kind of story would fit in with nosleep so i can decide which direction to take to story in .
every night i die no matter what i do part 1
when many people think of horror things like supernatural monsters or bad people come to mind .
but sometimes what is truly scary is what your own mind can do to you .
this all happened a couple of years ago and i feel that i 'm finally ready to detail what happened to me .
the midday sun gave off an intense shine blinding me as i walked .
dazed i looked around me and found two people dressed in white leading me somewhere .
then i found that my hands were handcuffed behind me .
still dazed by the sunlight i continued walking along .
my awareness returned to me and my mind immediately flooded with questions .
the way they were dressed gave off the impression that they worked in some sort of laboratory after all they seemed to be wearing some sort of lab coat .
they looked straight ahead and walked with a rigid coldness i felt some chills go down my spine .
but i mustered up the courage turned towards one of them and asked hey where are we going ? ''
they only looked at each other then continued walking me forward .
i was handcuffed and being led by two seemingly emotionless people across a parking lot to some large building .
the building had a drab brown color and was gigantic covering a large amount of land and towering above us .
but i was too stunned by the sheer absurdity of the situation to be able to make anything out of it .
i was the last person i would ever expect to ever go through anything like this .
the building gave me an impression of some sort of old hospital ... okay that got me worried enough to break my out of my stupor .
thinking about it how had i even gotten here ?
i could n't remember anything before that harsh sunlight ...
but i definitely did not want to go into that building .
who knew what these kinds of people would do to me inside ?
but i knew that while i was handcuffed there would be no i way i could escape from them .
i sighed in defeat as i was led inside .
past the sliding glass doors was a sharp contrast from the heat outside .
typical reception desks albeit empty were on both sides plants lined the walls and a carpet was laid out on the floor .
but what stood out most was how cold the place felt '' .
the floor around the carpet the walls behind the plants the ceiling everything had a sharp white almost metallic color .
my captors in their white coats were almost completely camouflaged in fact .
the sudden coolness finally shook away whatever shock was left in me and i tried pulling back towards outside .
but it felt as if i were pushing against iron my captors were completely unfazed .
they took me into an elevator whose surfaces were also completely white .
were n't hospitals supposed to make their patients feel better ?
the more time i spent here the more i became convinced that this was n't a hospital .
the handcuffs suggested that it might be a jail but i did n't imagine a jail would look like this at all plus there was a distinct lack of policemen .
it might have been some sort of asylum but then again i 'd imagine that they would try to make their patients feel better .
but what did i know of hospitals or asylums ?
come to think if it in my secluded lifestyle i did n't really know what many places looked like ...
which meant that i had no idea what to expect here .
we exited the elevator and walked down a long white hallway filled with white doors .
we finally stopped at one of them they un-handcuffed me and with strong hands shoved me into the room .
before i could do anything the door closed with a metallic clang and i heard the sound of a key turning in the door .
there was a decent-sized bed with white sheets and a bedstand next to it .
a red flower in a vase was on top of the bedstand its vibrant color sticking out like a sore thumb from the white room .
it was stuck to the walls so that no one could open it .
i looked downwards and saw that my room was very high up .
i gulped and weakly tried to break open the window but did not have the heart to do so .
i sat down on my bed and started to think things through since it seemed that i had tons of time now .
there was no way any place like this could be any sort of normal institution i do n't imagine a place as unfriendly as this would stay in business that long .
i searched through more general memories of my daily life routine hoping to find some trigger where everything diverged .
walk to class walk back from class repeat over and over do homework eat and sleep in between .
there was pretty much nothing that could distinguish each of my days from each other ...
then i came to a realization the key fact was that my days were all the same .
i did not remember there ever being any break in my routine so it must have been when i was sleeping !
the only way i could end up here without remembering how would be if i were sleeping ... or maybe if i were unconscious ?
maybe i had been attacked and kidnapped then brought here ?
that would explain why my question had not been answered earlier .
now panicking i leapt up and started slamming against the door futilely trying to get it to open .
then to my surprise i heard a key turn and the door did open .
with the sudden lack of resistance to my pushing i flew outside .
but i slammed into a bulky person in a white coat and a white mask .
i stumbled backwards shocked as the person closed the door then locked it again .
before the door closed i heard a voice come from one of the person 's coat pockets not yet .
overwhelmed i sat down on my bed and began sobbing .
it had been years since i had truly shed a tear but here i was crying my emotions out .
this place was completely devoid of emotion it seemed like the perfect representation of the emptiness within me .
and yet it had induced me to feel genuinely powerful emotions yet again .
i curled up on my bed then cringed as a scream from an upper floor suddenly pierced the building .
sorrow and fear these definitely were not the kinds of powerful emotions i wanted to feel .
i must have fallen asleep because the next thing i remembered was opening my eyes sitting up and looking at the doorway .
i yelped in surprise and backed up to the window as the person stepped forward .
then the figure stopped and pulled some sort of device from one of the coat 's many pockets .
i noticed that the door to my room was still wide open .
confused i looked at the mask but it covered any facial expression that might be underneath .
do you choose to run or to not run ? ''
it appears that the subject has declined to run away . ''
the figure put the device back into one of the pockets then left the room locking the door before i actually could run away .
had they really given me an opportunity to run away ?
i just hoped i would n't end up paying for my inability to act ... my eyes trailed to the flower the only relief this room offered from colorless insanity .
then i noticed a black dot moving on the flower .
bugs ... no matter what they always have a tendency to get everywhere .
with nothing else to do i watched it crawl downwards onto the floor .
now that it was against the white it was much easier to see .
it crawled upwards on a wall then near the ceiling it crawled into an air vent .
with a sealed window and a locked door the air vent was the only air circulation existing in this room .
but the air vent was way too high for me to reach .
i slumped onto the bed defeated and looked half-heartedly for anything else i might be missing .
as the hours passed the masked person would periodically return to my room and the device would ask a question about how i would respond to various situations .
unlike the first time however these questions were simple yes/no questions with no opportunity for me to act .
the white was driving me crazy and that speck of red against the white was driving me even crazier .
the masked person had not come in a while what were they doing now ?
filled with a combination of boredom and fear i could feel myself edging closer to insanity .
this served as a grim reminder of why i had decided to start ignoring my strongest emotions years ago they were too painful .
finally my door opened again but the masked person was not there .
instead imagine some sort of mad scientist except without the mad '' part .
he looked every bit like a stereotypical scientist and he was well-kept and with a warm smile that contrasted with his white attire .
when i saw him i managed to calm down just enough so that my insanity slipped away .
hello '' he said and addressed me by name .
i apologize for the treatment you 've been receiving .
we 're still pretty new and have n't gotten the funds together for any better furnishing yet . ''
some tiny part of me doubted what he said but it was just much easier to listen to and agree with him .
i should probably tell you what we do here .
in short i established this place in order to help me study the intricacies of the human mind .
of course since i end up studying ... unstable '' ... people a lot all of my rooms are high-security .
we were now walking down the hallway to the elevator .
his words made so much sense i felt as if all my confusion were being cleared away .
i obediently walked into the elevator with him and we began moving upwards .
before our next procedure i wanted to thank you .
you are one of the best test subjects we 've had so far your responses to my short surveys have given me very valuable data for my research .
there 's just one more thing we need to do before i 'll have all the data i need . ''
at this point as we walked my mind was n't even thinking .
my rough treatment from earlier was far from my mind and i had not registered that all the surfaces on this floor were gray rather than white .
you see i 'm not just satisfied with understanding how the mind behaves .
i want to discover every exact correlation between the physical brain and how we think and act .
i understand that many other people are already making good progress in this field .
however i want to be the first to completely map the entire brain ! ''
we were now in a room with completely black surfaces .
tubes with glowing green liquid lined the walls and a chair was in the middle .
he sat me down in the chair then placed a bunch of restraints tying me to the chair .
i watched as he prepared several tools then walked up next to my chair .
it 's taken a while to get this far .
but with your data i finally have my hypotheses ready .
i will now cut open your head and perform experiments on your brain .
you are not expected to survive the procedure as i need all the time i have to work on your brain .
do not worry as i will give you anesthesia before the operation begins . ''
as soon as he said this i was broken out of my trance and let out a loud scream eerily similar to the one i had heard when i had arrived to this place .
i threw myself into a panic and tried thrashing about but the restraints were too tight .
there was so much i needed to do ... like homework ... and ... school ... umm ... .
as the mad scientist prepared the anesthesia i mourned over how purposeless my life had been .
i had fallen into routines too easily and elimated anything different or exciting from my lifestyle my routines could not afford time for such things .
by the time the anesthesia was ready i was unable to think of any words filled only with sorrow and hopelessness .
i managed to slightly open my eyes everything was pitch black .
i looked around and saw a nearby glow of green light similar to the tubes in the operation room .
my heart jumped in fear until i realized that it was just my clock .
it felt as if it had just been cut off around the brain area ... except my head was obviously still fully intact .
that dream felt way too real and my head felt like the surgery had actually happened .
it was just a dream ... '' i thought to myself trying to fight back against my returning insanity .
just a dream just a dream just a dream ... . '' by the time i had finally calmed down it was 6 am and my alarm began ringing .
back in my safe normal life i returned straight to my daily routine .
every night i die no matter what i do part 2
the midday sun gave off an intense shine blinding me as i walked .
dazed i looked around me and found two people dressed in white leading me somewhere .
then i found that my hands were handcuffed behind me .
still dazed by the sunlight i continued walking along .
my awareness returned to me and my mind immediately flooded with horror .
why on earth was i in this exact same place again ? !
there was no way i would go through that entire experience again !
they were taken by surprise but were strong enough to almost entirely stop all of my movement .
as they tightened their grip i felt a chill pass into my arms .
still struggling i was finally dragged into that wretched building .
soon i was back in that exact same room with the exact same window exact same bed and exact same flower .
if this was happening again ... then there was always the possibility that it would happen the next night and the next and the next .
no i had to think positive certainly this was just a one-time recurrence ...
last time the dream had ended when i died .
maybe i could try to find an early way out of this dream .
i ran over to the window and began repeatedly hitting it .
but i did not even manage to make a crack .
no i could n't escape this way even if it made the dream shorter it would still pretty much be the same ending .
i punched myself in the stomach hoping i would wake up but was only rewarded with gasping for air .
frustrated i threw the flower vase against the window the only thing that broke was the vase .
finally i got into bed hoping to fall asleep .
at least that would pass the time by quickly so i would n't go insane .
dreaming within a dream ... if only that could happen .
at this point i was too panicked to even come close to falling asleep .
once again i ended up waiting for a really long time broken only by that scream as i went insane from the room 's colors .
it was almost a relief when the masked person finally appeared .
he pulled out the device from his coat pocket and it asked the same question as before .
that voice ... it was the mad scientist 's voice !
he had been the one asking me the questions this entire time .
unwilling to meet him again i stood up and immediately ran out the door .
i turned the hallways to the elevator ... then stopped in front of a line of white-cloaked people similar to the ones that had brought me here .
i backed away slowly and as they advanced i saw more of them round the corner on the other side of the hallway .
i was herded back into my room and the mad scientist 's voice came from the device .
every time the masked person came in with the scientist 's device i gave the opposite answer as from the previous dream .
i was just sick of this place and did n't feel like humoring anyone .
i still remembered the last question i had been asked the first time so i just had to wait ... finally the masked person came in to ask the final question .
when he left i put my ear against the door and listened to the footsteps fade away .
i jumped on top of the bed and began climbing one of its poles .
or at least i tried climbing one of the poles .
being so unfit it felt like it took forever before i actually managed to reach the top without sliding back down .
i looked at the air vent which was about three feet away from where i was .
i mustered all the strength i could gather then made a leap of faith .
i felt my fingers grasp onto the grating and pain rang through me as it dug into my fingers .
but i held on for another indeterminately long amount of time .
finally i felt myself slipping ... no i was n't slipping .
i crashed into the floor and the grating fell on top of me .
maybe i should have taken some sort of gym class ... but now the only thing i could do was wait for the pain to fade away .
how long had it been between the questions and the surgery ?
i had already spent a lot of time just trying to get to the air vent .
after yet another long period of time i finally felt well enough to attempt to climb back up the bed pole .
even though i had practice at this point i felt sore all over so it took even more time before i reached the top .
i jumped back towards the air vent ... just as my door opened and the mad scientist walked in .
he saw me struggling to get inside then shouted for his guards .
i sped up my struggle but i had never been good at pull-ups .
i risked a look at the doorway in time to see the masked person come in with a long metal rod .
they raised the rod ready to swing it at me just as i finally made it into the air vent .
i sighed in relief and rested a bit ... then saw the rod fly into the air vent and hit me .
i was filled with an eletric shock and lay stunned .
i watched as the electric rod wiggled as they tried to get it back down .
slowly i felt my senses returning to me and began to crawl away slowly .
then the rod flew back into the air vent and brush against my leg .
i crawled away with my arms and my good leg as my other leg slowly returned to its senses .
the further into the air vent i went the darker it got .
shouted orders from the mad scientist echoed down the vent .
finally convinced of my safety i stopped to rest and thought of my situation .
they were probably watching over all air vents by now .
i tried to estimate how long it had been between the scientist coming for me and the time of brain operation .
then i started counting the seconds as time passed by .
soon i reached around the time the dream had ended last night ... but i was still here .
i waited for a few more minutes but i still had not woken up .
and tired this darkness was rather conducive to sleep .
at least death at the hands of the mad scientist was guaranteed to be painless and i would wake up afterwards .
i shook that thought out of my head it felt just wrong .
i continued crawling along then came to a dead end .
not really a dead end but it opened up into another room .
i crawled back to near where i started feeling around for any sort of branch but the only other ways i could go were up .
good look to me trying to climb up an air vent .
i decided to take my chances and go into the other room .
i fiddled with the grating trying to remove it while making as little sound as possible .
i crawled out coughed out all the dust i had breathed in and noticed that this air vent was near the floor .
i also noticed that this room also held an occupant .
the mad scientist had said yesterday that he had to deal with unstable people a lot .
i considered escaping back through the air vent until the person calmed down and asked where did you come from ? ''
i suppose there was no harm in it seeing that this was just a dream .
i was trapped in a room like this one but escaped using this air vent ... ''
that 's crazy i did n't even know there were air vents here '' he said .
he seemed a bit out of it and i unconsiously backed away a little .
hey do you think you could help me escape too ? ''
what did it matter whether i helped this person ?
all i cared about at this point was trying to find a way not to die every night .
then i noticed another air vent on the floor .
why on earth were the air vents on the floor in this room and not in my room ?
and was n't the mad scientist worried about people being able to easily escape this room ?
dismissing that as a peculiarity of my dream i set to work opening up the air vent .
as soon as i dismantled the grating in front of the air vent the other person dived into it .
we crawled along ... then heard some noises behind us .
we hurried up ... then the person in front of me just disappeared .
confused i crawled cautiously forward ... then fell down .
my fall was immediately broken by the person i had been following .
the air vent had branched downwards and since it was difficult to see in this darkness he had fallen and gotten stuck !
i stood up on top of him so that i could get back on level ground .
then feeling guilty i reached down in an attempt to help him up .
then at that moment a voice cried out gotcha ! ''
electricity arced through my body and i limped completely stunned .
i felt myself get dragged back through the air vent .
no one had gone to get him and when i saw him he had seemed like he was stuck in a position that he could not get out of .
every time i felt like i was able to move again electricity coursed through my body again .
once i was removed from the air vent the mad scientist began walking me towards the operation room .
hello '' he said and addressed me by name .
i apologize for the treatment you 've been receiving .
we 're still pretty new and have n't gotten the funds together for any better security measures yet .
i should probably tell you what we do here .
in short i established this place in order to help me study the intricacies of the human mind . ''
oh no i did n't want to have to bear with all this for who knows how many times ...
before our next procedure i wanted to say how interesting you have been to study .
you have pretty much gone against all of the hypotheses we have established . ''
i remembered how i had answered every question opposite to my previous dream .
in addition your actions at this facility have gone completely against all our previous observations of you . ''
were ... were they somehow aware of what had happened in my previous dream ?
or did they somehow know about my real life ?
i shuddered at the prospect of either being true .
i must find out about why you behaved the way you did .
you see i 'm not just satisfied with understanding how the mind behaves .
i want to discover every exact correlation between the physical brain and how we think and act .
i understand that many other people are already making good progress in this field .
however i want to be the first to completely map the entire brain ! ''
at this point we were in the operation room again and i was strapped back into the chair .
as i said earlier you 've pretty much trashed all of my current hypotheses of the brain .
i will now cut open your head and perform experiments on your brain .
you are not expected to survive the procedure as i need all the time i have to work on your brain .
do not worry as i will give you anesthesia before the operation begins . ''
despite every i had done this dream was ending in the exact same way .
i did n't bother screaming or struggling this time .
would i have to look forward to this every night ?
endless waiting in an insanity-inducing room or inflicting pain on myself in an attempt to escape ?
i am currently looking for some friends on league of legends .
i have 2 accounts currently their names are imcog 22 and cogold 9 .
if you see this post feel free to add me and invite me to a game sometime !
we 're mainly looking for a medic dps esper dps .
so i was with this girl off and on for about 3 years .
it was sort of intense and rocky we argued all the time and are very different people .
during the past year there have been times when we 've been friends times when we pointedly were n't speaking and the last time i saw her we spent a weekend fooling around with the expectation that it would n't go any further than that .
that was a little over two months ago she 's across the country at law school now and we have n't spoken since .
we had a passionate relationship and even if i ... love ?
her what i 've realized over time is that i do n't really like '' her .
despite this we sort of had an unspoken maybe spoken agreement to always be there for one another and i feel like my not calling would signal an end to that bond .
at the risk of sounding callous i 'm a pretty stoic guy and i would n't really mind not having her in my life i know though that she does n't have a lot of close friends or family members in hers .
and it 's not that i think a conversation with me is some magnificent pleasure that will forever bring light into her life i just do n't want to be dick and leave her feeling like no one in the world cares about her on her birthday .
helo click here http store.steampowered.com/app/440 4 fre tf2 and click heer http store.steampowered.com/app/570 4 fre dota 2 prasie gayben .
hey guys check out my new video i put up its about snow coming ot h1z1 possibly .
like we lost the flame somewhere along the way .
i 'm so confused right now ... i do n't even know where to begin .
i asked him outright what he was doing on a dating app .
he told me he was just bored '' and wanted to talk to different people when he travels on the road .
i got upset and i told him to delete it because he has no use being on it when one you 're in a relationship two this is a dating app to hook up with other people why are you on here ?
he proceeded to delete it in front of me and i thought that was gon na be the last that i saw of it .
the following couple of days later his phone went off by the table and i happen to see it pop up a notification from tinder saying that there was a match whatever that meant .
i confronted him again and he brushes my concern again telling me nothing is going on flag 2 how he 's just talking to other girls because he wants to be able to talk to females other than me and his family .
he does n't consider this cheating '' if they have n't done anything other than talk .
i told him i was not okay with this .
how could i trust him to keep it as nothing ?
not a made up one that you can fantasize about .
he told me he was sorry and sweet talked to me about how i do keep him interested and that he loved me .
later that night he got a little drunk and asked me if i 've ever wanted to experience other men .
i told him no because i do n't need to look for anyone else because he 's got everything i wanted and needed .
he told me how he felt like he 's still young and how he could be have other women with him .
he also said how he did n't want to lose me .
that 's so self fish of him to think that .
you think i 'm just gon na sit here blind-sided while you look for other girls ya dick !
he either has to stop all this now or i have to be the one who leaves .
he never gave me a reply and cold shouldered me all weekend .
we 've been together 5 years this past summer .
granted there are flaws in every relationship i thought our relationship was pretty solid .
i stayed and stuck by him through every shitty memory .
the previous year we were living in an apartment and we decided to buy a house which went under his name for a va loan .
his work is stressful in that he travels frequently by vehicle to customer sites and sometimes requires overnight stays .
all these events leads to what just happened tonight .
i came home from work still upset over this weekend 's event of fighting and arguing about this stupid app .
the lights are out its pitch black inside and he 's in the living room with his phone and beer cans around him .
about half an hour in i heard him talking to on the phone .
i did n't think too much about it but then i realized that his tone of voice was too soft .
it did n't sound right like how he would talk to his friends .
i listened in a little closer and was able to make out a female voice from the other line .
was this what he did all night while i was at work ?
i walked in and he quickly hung up the phone .
i deserve to know and i need an answer .
he just kept shooing me to go to bed .
he would n't let me touch his phone and kept hiding it .
i sat on the couch and he feel into a drunk sleep .
i searched his phone and everything he said was a lie .
he lied about just talking to girls for fun .
all these girls had phone numbers outside the areacode into surrounding towns furtherby .
i do n't know if he met up with any as most of the messages were from the past couple days .
he even sexted with another girl and she sent him a link to watch her get horny to which he said he saw .
i called the girl he was just on the phone with telling her that he had a girlfriend and that he was lying about everything .
she sympathized and told me she was sorry and that she did n't know .
i called another girl she hung up after i told her that i was his girlfriend .
i left her a voice message telling her to delete all contact from him because he 's lying .
i 'm so disgusted and so tainted right now .
maybe we did n't see things the same but i always thought that our love for each other was enough to push us through .
i yell at stupid shit and i probably cuss too much .
was i not enough for him that he had to go look for it in other girls ?
i do n't even know when we last told each other i love you ...
he had expressed his desire to have sex more often preferably by having me initiate sex .
we 've had arguments about it on more than one occasion .
i do n't crave sex as often as he does .
yes i enjoy it and at times i do n't .
yes i am at fault for not providing him with this as he expressed his needs for sex .
we have sex whenever he wants sex and sometimes i profusely reject him .
was our bedroom probably what drove him to this ?
i ca n't change my sex libido in an instant but i am to blame too because i did n't do anything about it .
maybe i was so wrapped in myself that i did n't notice his needs .
but at the same time i know its not my fault because he chose to do it .
why did he have to sneak around like that ?
and yet i am struggling to relieve myself from this mess .
i want to leave but i do n't know how to .
i can barely afford a place with my current income and on top of that to include student loans and other financial commitments .
i wo n't be able to keep my dogs .
i live with him in this house that we chose .
i have access to every single account that he has when he gave them to me when he deployed overseas .
i do n't know what 's going to happen in the morning in the next couple of days or weeks .
i do n't know if i want to be with him after this but i feel at fault for what he did .
our toxic relationship is burning both of us out and maybe we need to start new lives apart from each other .
or maybe i need to be the one who reaches out to him more often .
so many fucking maybe 's and i ca n't make a fucking decision because i 'm scared for myself .
he 's gon na make it without me but i fucking ca n't make it without him and he knows it !
it enrages me that he 's got me around his finger and i ca n't do a thing about it .
i know i am so much more than this but how did i end up like this ?
i need to get out but i 'm ashamed of myself .
they told me that everyone will get an e-mail and will be granted 7 classic packs .
things are currently prepared it may take a few days .
edit clarification this means android users who updated their android client last week and are currently locked out still can play but only with other already updated clients which means long matchmaking and often games against the same guys
the quest is for level 16 players called arms of the avatar .
this was building weapon with relic pieces.. and i did it and dismantled that sword long ago .
now i ca n't remake the sword or progress the quest as i never showed the npc the swords in question .
i assume i ca n't make that weapon ever again .
i had been a video game addict for 18 years .
i was seeing a therapist and really working on her exercises .
it was helping me work on my negative thoughts and do more productive things outside .
stopped doing all those writing exercises that i was doing .
my sis who 's probably a retard moved in with us for certain reasons and she really really messes up the whole atmosphere .
things were tensed at home constantly 24 x 7 .
after a month of living with her i broke down and finally gave in to the urges again .
and now it 's been two months and no signs of stopping .
i 'm stuck with gaming for life i guess .
specifically brits you 've encountered on reddit or in real life ?
what is the weirdest thing that you 've noticed we do ?
what is something that we do that you think is great/shitty ?
cyber sports league is an online tournament platform and esports organization dedicated to competitive gaming in the middle east .
based out of dubai csl will host online and offline tournaments for a variety of competitive games such as cs go dota 2 league of legends fifa starcraft ii etc .
cyber sports league looks to target gamers covering the mena middle east/north africa region .
it also includes many features such as a built-in matchmaking system and more .
players and teams can purchase credits at the csl store to be used for online tournament sign-up fees and other services .
cyber sports league also looks to tackle old longstanding issues such as solo players being unable to find teams in the middle east by introducing team profile and team lobby services .
users are able to create and modify their profiles on the site customize what gear they own monitors processors video cards headsets pcs and what games they play .
they are able to create teams and interact with other players watch their games and view their stats .
a gamification feature is enabled which gives the user profile an experience xp level where they can unlock achievements awards and titles to add to their profiles .
to celebrate the launch csl will be kicking things off with an online dota 2 tournament for the middle east region with a prize pool of 16,000 aed .
this is a follow up to a post from a week or so ago .
have you made a dungeon that contains a boss as a regular mob ?
have you made a dungeon with abnormal or out of place mobs ?
have you made a dungeon with an abnormal layout ?
have you made a dungeon that just made you cry ?
i 'm going to post this topic every week or so in the hope of grabbing more glyphs off my fellow hunters .
there is a great community on psn called depth 5 farmers where glyphs are shared and you can find like minded people to co-op .
i personally feel the dungeons are the most underrrated part of bloodborne .
they have so much potential but it seems the majority of players just do n't get them .
i have helped literally hundreds of people in this game i started a community on psn called the hunter 's dream for co-op help and info because of this and i have found the part of the game people understand the least is the chalice dungeons .
just progressing to platinum seems to dumbfound a good majority of players and i know that the dungeons were the part of the game i understood least for the longest .
here 's a simple guide by rocksolid9238 https www.reddit.com/r/bloodborne/comments/3oqcqw/how_to_guide_for_unlocking_all_cds_ice_cream which is great for beginners and for getting you to the platinum .
the most important thing is getting access to all dungeons including sinister .
you need to make only one version of each dungeon to access all dungeons .
to get all the frc foetid rotted cursed opened you need only make one frc such as pthumerian ihyll but you must have the chalices from each depth 5 dungeon ie .
if you have isz and pthumerian root chalices but not lower loran and make a pthumerian frc you will be able to get into isz frc but the loran frc dungeons will still be locked as will the sinister dungeons .
i 'll stop now but i 'll be discussing this with anyone who wants to discuss .
post your glyphs below and i 'll edit them in then i 'll add them to the list next time i post .
phdnd3w3 abhorrent beast as regular mob in third layer .
7h3nm6kt this dungeon has up to 50 ritual blood 5s 12 pearl slugs great deep sea rune and 6 sages hair .
s8cpmubv lost chikage 1st layer and 11 yellow backbones in total .
there are no abnormal mobs but the third layer has an amazing layout and has one of the best holes in a wall i have seen in the game trust me if you explore you 'll know what i mean .
agqpg7bh pthumerian elder as regular mob in third layer .
so my fiance let 's call him jamie and i have been together for two years and will be getting married in december .
while i used to feel confidant about us and about his feelings lately his said somethings that make me less sure .
this past month he 's mentioned things he finds attractive none of which i have .
he has said how much he loves tall girls with thin boyish figures and nearly perfectly flat chested .
i am short and curvy and unfortunately for him very busty .
i feel like i 'm being silly but at the same time he 's said this more than once and it used to not bother me but now he 's got someone to focus on that is exactly his ideal .
a new girl has started at his place of work and she is literally perfect .
she 's beautiful and jamie has said it makes him kinda wish i was n't a thing .
he 's also mentioned he does n't want to wear a wedding ring once we get married .
this especially hurts because i already do n't feel good enough for him as he is in a very tech heavy science field and i 'm just a high school teacher in training i already feel too stupid for him but now i also feel like i 'm too ugly for him as well .
he 's also mentioned before how much he resents not having had more sex in college with other women and that he feels like he 'll never be satisfied in life because of it he also mentions the girl he first had sex with a lot and he sounds really lovesick when he brings her up a tone he also has when talking about his prom date from high school another girl he has said he wishes he had a real relationship with .
i 'm worried that i 'm holding him back and that he 'll eventually hate me because i 'm not his tall blonde bombshell .
i 'm worried he 'll be miserable because i 'll never live up to his ideal even if i get a mastectomy which he supports even if i let my hair go back to blonde i 'll never be tall .
he 's mentioned before that i 'm the first girl to tell him he 's attractive so i do sometimes wonder if he 's with me because he does n't think he could do better .
should i just ask him if he wants to sleep with the girl and say if it 'll make him happy he can ?
should i just leave so he can be happy with someone who deserves him ?
tl dr i 'm ugly and stupid and my fiance could do better what do ?
i mean cmon should n't the pathfinding tell him to grab one of the closer ones ?
instead he walks a very long way to take over a profiled building .
now i shall have to set up all the repeating tasks for it again since moods cancel anything on the workshop 's list .
pardon my lingo english is not my first language .
i have a roland rd64 which only has midi out
will i be able to use it this with http www.motu.com/products/midi/128 and control multiple synths ?
or would i need to have a controller with midi in+out ?
i am just wanting to control my moog sub phatty and microbute and microkorg all at once with one controller .
please help me out guys ive just been using them all one at a time through my interface .
will my roland rd64 work with just midi out or will i need a keyboard with midi in and out .
i 'm playing a bunker guard and i go through all of my blocks my shelter my invuln 4 dodges 10 condis removed protection and regen and i still get melted half a second after i blow everything .
and i 'm not wasting those on low pressure circumstances either .
for some reason the work location setting does n't seem to want to work on my moto x pure .
when i 'm at the location in question i still get notification sounds when i explicitly check the options to only vibrate for new notifications .
so i just bought five packs of morning glory seeds each containing 40 seeds .
i bought it from a local garden store and they have these seeds imported from thailand i think as the packaging is all in thai ...
it is labelled as ipomea blue sky with a picture of a blue morning glory so i assumed it is the one with lsa .
my biggest problem is that i do not know if these seeds are coated with non organic substances for industrial uses or not ...
does anyone know how should i treat them in order to reduce nausea/diarrhea ?
will i die if i have the wrong seeds ?
so far i found this http www.e-shop.gr/guild-wars-2-heart-of-thorns-pre-purchase-edition-p-pcg.02888 which seems to be on the official retailer list.. 36 euros
since 'time ' is a man made ideology it seems possible
it 's somewhat misleading because the iphone is much more expensive than the nexus when what she meant to say is that this is much more expensive if you can subsidize your phone for 200 .
if only she had n't spent all that time motivating all those other poor people to keep swimming she would have been top 5 .
that i obeyed my parents when they commanded me not to come out to the rest of my family .
i learned years latter that all my family knew and my parents knew that they knew .
my parents did n't want me to realize that the aunts and uncles would love and accept me as they did not .
seriously i have no idea why your mother said that but you do n't look ugly at all !
quite the opposite as you are the kind of girl i generally consider to be very attractive !
still do n't see why your mother would think that ...
i 'll never forget the look of that disgusting receiver .
u/36055512 is there something you should be telling us about ?
i 'm currently getting all the stuff together to brew some all grain gf beer so there is also always that route .
cider and wine are pretty easy to brew at home as well .
the plainclothes officer in an unmarked police vehicle probably did n't identify himself as a cop .
that would take all the fun out of shooting people stranded alongside the road .
i 'm in my 30 's and my oldest arsenal memory is 95 cup winners cup .
she kind of looks like the dad on home alone .
i would n't say it 's had much of an impact on my family life at all and i have n't heard of anyone who said it has so i do n't think you 'll need to worry on that front .
as far as your son 's concerned for him this is normality .
he wo n't view it as strange or harmful at all but will simply be an integrated part of his life .
when he 's older he might get a different perspective on it but for the foreseeable future he should be pretty carefree about it .
look up valsalva maneuver i do n't know how to link on mobile.. could have something to do with what you experienced especially in a disassociative state you might not have realized you did this .
you can practically hear the psheeeew '' sound that must have made
isis comes from within theres no way you can defeat '' it via direct attacks
the way you truly defeat it is establishing a stable government dictatorship which discourages that kind of militant-islamic tribal culture
and judging by what we 've seen of him so far i think it 's safe to say it 's far more likely he will than that he will play well .
yeah my dad did a 'real ' ironman 140 miles not 70 and he had to rip a guys goggles off because the guy kept grabbing onto him .
he also said he got punched and kicked in the face several times .
i do n't doubt that part of her story at all .
that being said it 's part of the event that ca n't be avoided .
do n't sign up if you ca n't handle it .
it is no longer acceptable for you to invite others to my house without my consent .
it is no longer acceptable for you to insult me .
correction it was never acceptable for her to insult you .
basically you are 100 right but you can not expect an n to see it the same way .
i do n't know if you have a dog but imagine your dog suddenly demanding to be treated equally like another human being .
if you still feel you were wrong then contemplate giving in to her way of thinking if that 's the right thing to so ... ... ... ... ... ... nope did n't think so
the big things you see on top of vehicle roof racks for luggage .
no way i will ever pull the lever for that woman .
black wool s logo worn twice for other preme shit
wards are always on cd sir p. full time support player here .
you have to modify the build.prop file though and then run a terminal command on the phone to disable the hardware keys .
echo 0 proc/touchpanel/keypad_enable disables hw keys need to do this on every boot
i 'm pretty set on both wr and rb .
i have eaten food that i left out for a while .
i have gardened multiple times including yesterday and i never wear gloves .
the only thing that i regret is occasional smoking with my first two .
they did not have low birth weight as a result or any problems .
my mom was super careful and healthy when she was pregnant with me and i have tons of health issues was premature and had low birth weight .
the people who make these guidelines do n't actually know anything because they ca n't do proper research on pregnant women because that would be unethical .
maybe they should recommend that we all wear hazmat suits next and live in a bubble .
if you have friends you you suspect can tell filter the cheap stuff through coffee filters 6 times .
literally world-level tasters ca n't taste the difference at that point .
with s the side length of the square base and h the height from the apex to the center of the base and the apex directly above that center you can compute everything else .
this distance from a corner of the base to the center is s/2 1/2 .
then the edge from a corner to the apex is the hypotenuse of a right triangle with legs h and s/2 1/2 so its length is h 2 s 2 2 1/2 .
each face is an isosceles triangle with two sides h 2 s 2 2 1/2 and base s. given an isosceles triangle with two sides a and base b the angle t at the top vertex angle '' satisfies b/2 a\*sin t/2 .
then the angles at the base are equal and all angles in a triangle sum to pi so with t at the top the base angles are pi-t 2 .
slant height is the altitude of a face and it 's the leg of a right triangle with hypotenuse edge length '' and other leg s/2 .
so you use pythagorean theorem to find it as h 2 s 2 2 s/2 2 1/2 .
working from the vertex angle t and the height h b/2 a\*sin t/2 becomes
if you know h and t you can solve for s 2 then square root for s .
o parente da pessoa que não está apto a participar do programa pode utilizar o aplicativo
é tão difícil entender que o principal benefício do programa é a porra das crianças irem na aula e a porra das grávidas fazerem o pré-natal ?
given these standards are you satisfied with the amount of people you 're able to date/sleep with ?
looking at brussels and its inability to come up with any reasonable consensus its just a pipe dream .
but the real fun from this game comes in the form of watching the spymaster writhe in frustration as 3 of his teammates butcher his intentions then seeing their feeling of triumph melt into utter despair as they realize they are completely wrong .
i am sorry but bf needs to listen to you or lose you .
it ai n't as easy as i would never cheat '' .
i think you need to make this clear that you are not accepting such behaviour .
that you are putting the boundaries up and he needs to respect them or bounce .
you need the base game to use warlords of draenor .
haha well then we also have sales but in fewer cities right now currently in sf nyc austin and boston .
our goal is to expand into other job types as well but we 're primarily focused on tech and sales at the moment .
huh whenever i 've been told this it has been as a joke .
besides coffee man 2 is following it to a t. d c 89:17
oh cool i did n't notice you can hold spells ... that part at least is great .
i 've been wishing for that for a while ... i go crazy with jealousy of bow users when i play a mage .
no i think the guy is actually miles manners .
a moderator already removed this duplicate post from r/swtor 's index .
software that can be used to gain an unfair advantage in our games may not be used
these are some examples of third party software we ask you not to use
software that attempts to communicate directly with our game worlds .
software that monitors modifies or decrypts the communications between our game applets and our game worlds .
this includes software that automatically moves the mouse pointer or generates mouse clicks or key presses .
check nothing is automatically generated as the mouse has just been physically replaced
known bug this will be fixed in the next patch however on both pc and console .
it appears that the problem is with the spawning logic not the game knowing '' if you have a dismissed cnpc or not so this fix should be retroactive based on my testing .
forgot a letter in .jpg but i 'll get you some pics tonight
that 's one reason i 'd be surprised if the internet actually finds out who did it .
my guess is that a big part of the reason so much does n't make sense/match up is because it 's not supposed to .
sorta similar to the max headroom hack in chicago .
also keep an eye on your minimap to ensure you 're not too far out of position .
no one 's going to want to leave the front line to chase a few lights off of a straggling assault .
the game is n't anywhere near unplayable for me i love it to death i 'd play it everyday if my internet was a little better the only real bug i run into that messes with me is on ps4 at least when you 're a client and you ca n't connect to another client in a lobby your game crashes and if that happens while autosaving all data is corrupted lost my progress at i-100 and was a little upset xd but now i 'm v-100 and have been for a good while and i still love playing the game i 'm excited for the new weapons and dlc to come out but this crimefest news has me rather afraid to be honest .
try use felt pen so you will dont have pixel too bright or too dark ...
i really hate how many times i 've posted this to r/coffee as a comment but you basically always want to boil the water according to verve .
there is only one rule to coffee there are no rules .
unless you have definitive proof of why one should n't brew with 80ºc like it causes cancer or open some kind of wormhole then they can enjoy their coffee how ever they brew them .
imagine walking down the street high off your ass and seeing that thing .
i have had luck with asking asian restaurants for more broccoli instead of rice .
yeah i had those issues and stepped back to 8.1 .
i think it 's stupid still that there 's two progressive parties and one conservative party because things like this happen where the ndp is losing limbs left right and center and the liberals are picking up the pieces while the conservatives do n't lose as much .
when it comes to memes in 2015 it 's either impact text or a mosin bolt in the ass and not that many people are ready to truly become one with soviet surplus .
i 've accepted help twice out of countless times of being offered .
pretty much all the yankee fans i 'm friends with live outside of ny and they all ordered one
yea and the joker definitely creeps out when he laughs
the pure joy i had for 30 seconds when ambrose was officially champion .
on the one hand i like this idea because it would solve a lot of my complains with the terrible visibility the new maps are starting to come with .
on the other hand i can see it lowering the ttk to even more abysmally low numbers .
would the tendencies of mortals to simply attempt to build lasting civilization by an example of his energies ?
if you got 50 grams for 100 it is not uei .
sounds like you got enhanced '' leaf which can vary from vendor to vendor .
usually it 's just regular leaf with a bit of uei mixed in .
perdita yes i remember the dogs name wait for the rest did n't have 101 puppies she had like 15 or 16 or something and then they adopt the rest that have been stolen and taken to the farm .
edit i knew not checking the decade was going to fuck me up
tutoring might help to get by for living expenses but for tuition you might want to contact kesma
looking good excited to see what comes of this !
philadelphia eagles running back demarco murray puts a vicious stiff arm on a new york giants defender en route to the end zone for a 12-yard touchdown run http a.video.nfl.com/films/2015/nfl_com/in-game-highlight/nflcom/reg/6/151019_bp_eagles_murray_td_321741_3200k.mp4
senators limited to three four-year terms reps limited to four two-year terms .
supreme court justices would no longer be for life but 10 years .
i think he 's a great guy but him and liverpool did n't work out .
if he wants back he needs to show it on the pitch .
they were defeated by cutting off the part of the universe they were in and shunting it out into the void between universes iirc .
tile floors stainless steel toilet and sink and mirror plastic fixtures partially tiled walls drain slope in the floor and a copper strip on the bottom of the door for passive antibacterial protection .
easy to clean easy to replace hard to steal and mess up .
put an led bulb up top and you do n't even have to worry about the electric bill .
middle class is shrinking and the poorer are getting poorer .
tuition is increasing student debt is increasing employment is n't getting better people are sick of it
but he really needs to do a better job of explaining exactly what democratic socialism is exactly what his plans and policies are and exactly how he plans to implement them .
word from his campaign is that he 's going to do a big speech soon to lay out exactly what deomcratic socialism is since the term makes people very very nervous '' .
just going to grab a towel in case they do a 3 man powerbomb and i wet myself
a statement that is generally reserved for anti science climate change denialists .
but giving you the benefit of the doubt ... what particular part of the science are you refuting ?
or is it just all science because methods of evidence were n't as thorough in the 1800 's ?
i feel like at the end ... ..as soon as i see his hair .
i already got mine ☞|彡 what are you waiting for .
wellllll that could 've just been how it was edited .
unless they explicitly said so and i 'm not remembering .
should that take care of the up close trees are half snowy thing too ?
you think that guy that touches r2 with the robot hand is luke ?
they even say they 're real '' ie the jedi when they show him and luke is supposed to be the last jedi right ?
if this girl has chosen her family over her bf then he is n't worth more than her family to her .
i ca n't buy my tickets because fandango crashed from the weight of all the other people buying tickets ...
you 'd only be able to get it if you 're playing as the imperials
now i know exactly how to make my b-ball shoulders !
that 's right it was i other awkward guy coincidentally dressing up as papyrus in his cool dude outfit for halloween !
typically people tend to be attracted to those who share similar features with them meaning someone who is ugly by some people 's standards is significantly more attractive by others ' .
it 's a scientific fact i 'm not just pulling it out of my ass .
i 'm surprised there were no 6 man tag matches tonight
both songs you linked for some reason remind me of n'sync bye bye bye https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=eo-kmod3i7s though it does n't fit your description in the last two lines .
in any case this is gon na be damn hard .
a shitload of songs can fit your rather vague description .
yes sometimes we 're mistaken for cops but that is just misplaced anger .
the only people who hate medics are people that have been shit on by asshole medics in the past .
believe me there are plenty of asshole medics out there.
people say thank you to me all the time .
even more so since i started working for a major metropolitan fd .
the thank yous and discounts honestly make me feel uncomfortable .
we 're doing a job we were trained to do .
a paycheck every two weeks is thanks enough and everyone else 's job is just as important as ours .
d. lewis for either d. woodhead or starks or c. michael
k. wright or j. maclin for s. diggs lafell snead or t. benjamin
my other options at reciever this week are cobb bye moncrief j. matthews
and i need a defense to grab for this week .
i feel like i 'm just shuffling the chairs on my 2-4 titanic .
this is leading me to believe he is not an heir of luke .
well think of luke when he first was given his light saber .
it very possible that finn 's first trainer is han emulating what old ben did with luke on the falcon actually i almost guarantee that happens
i did n't vote green but it would be a damn shame if we did n't have may in parliament .
well okay the title wording is kinda unlucky could see it as the text on a bad stock image or this is why publishers hate him '' .. but theres still good stuff in the article so wouldnt call it clickbait per se but yeah people expected a quick click here for free beta testers '' and got a long text and no magic bullet for generating publicity and beta testers .
but i still think its gives some good advice to how you can maximise the possibility of getting your game noticed in this day of everyone and their grandmother producing little games in varying quality
i ended up in a bit of a rant but tl dr work hard make great game get noticed because great game profit .
the thing we all want to know is how to get people to play our game possibly buy and maybe make that succesfull gamedev dream come true.. some say succes is based on luck and yeah luck works but the article i think gives a differenct path on the road to succes but if you count on luck.. well you 're out of luck haha im so fucking hillarious
the game markets flooded with content good and alot bad even direct scams http imgur.com/a/ycejt its really hard to get noticed and generate publicity in the noise .
if succes as a gamedev is people buying your game you need publicity .
you can write all the press outlets to try out your game but the amount of games they recieve is pretty large i 'd recon so you need to stick out make yourself visible to get that article and to stick out i got as
2 solutions 1 up and clone a game and make it just that better else trailblaze and make something new and original 2. option is more optimal for small indie 's
work persistence more work n willpower to keep on working.. did i mention work ?
all that work energy make that sprite better refactor the code go for excellence if it can be made more pretty or faster go do it .
and the bonus is all that work also earns you experience that will make you better and everything you make better down the line
after all that work and sweat it should end you with a new original fun game that looks and runs great something people would want to play instead of generic flappy bird 213 or templevikingcandyclanbannercrushsaga 2 and importantly is different shiny and sticks out
so now when your new game originalgameplay sweetassgfx gets put in the pile of potential games to write articles about upon seeing the awesome trailer from the pressmail http vgamemarketing.com/post/131021356012/press-outreach-template again make it perfect and stick out.. no corners cut anywhere at all showing the game running beautifully smooth with the refactored code the shiny'ness of the awesome looking sprites that you spent ages nonstop tweaking learning arcane pixelart techniques while silently crying will make the journalist probarly try it out see how it plays and if you got the gameplay formula right and its fun to play probarly write an article letting people know about your game
and dropping the leftover pile of this days gamesubmissions into the incinerator
the way op got the 1000 beta users were because the quality of the game stuck out and got noticed by the press and the company that gave '' him those users knew about him because of that article and the quality of the game appearantly getting featured by the company is something you get chosen for so to keep the up standard of games people test in the app in a way you can directly connect the beta-users and publicity to the work he put into making the game perfect .
shiny visuals draws them in and fun gameplay hooks them and besides getting lucky making a little cave game that grows into minecraft and a shitton of money hard work and dedication to making a fun and good product is a good way to get noticed and get onward towards the pearly gates of gamedevdom
to recap it all to work with games succesfully it takes alot of work like.. id rather cheesegrate my eyeballs amount of work to make it and even then you can get fucked over by a million things still but it is possible .
anyone thinking about gamedev as a career should watch indie game the movie it kinda gives a sense of the workflow and amount of dedication it takes to become succesfull .
aaa gamedev is said to be rough especially during crunch time but it seems that indie gamedev can be even worse..
sometimes i wonder about my sanity in the choice of future career
you 're there to do a job and make money .
if you happen to make friends along the way that 's lovely .
i bet youre just counting down the days till you 're no longer a virgin .
my high school classes did n't portray it as a genocide .
they handed out some shame over the event but really glossed over it .
college history classes really brought the hammer down on it though .
somehwere about 9km is the minimum range for the t2 .
use the torps as defense or for ninja actions .
wg patched it and now you would need advanced firing training to do that .
10 torps are great to have a party with !
maybe there is a non-retard way to play that ship ... but it was funnier this way
since he seems to feel a serious connection to the man that would be his grandfather that makes a good bit of sense .
go to literally every business within walking distance of your place and tell them you 're looking for any job .
dress well and speak good english and do n't talk shit about your former employer and say you work hard and learn fast .
i 'm going to be 40 this year and have become a rational adult despite nmom 's best efforts .
quality wo n't be the same but that 's alright .
the 5 is flat as fuck until you hit socal then it 's like straight up a mountain once you reach the grapevine pass .
iirc it 's about a 4000ft gain over maybe 10 miles .
the 101 is a lot of gentle rolling hills except going over the cuesta pass and through buellton .
but those two hill climbs are n't nearly as long or as high as the grapevine .
it does take more time than the 5 but there are plenty of places to pull into if you run into car trouble .
it follows the curves along the coast while the 5 is literally a straight shot down california with practically nothing except a few gas stations .
my advice would be to just shoot down the 5 and take it easy once you get going up the grapevine .
i climb it at a slow-n-steady 50mph in my 4-cylinder mazda loaded up with track gear when returning from buttonwillow .
sure i could easily go 75 but the radiator fan and trans oil cooler would be working overtime .
also if you 're handy bring a tool kit .
i 've broke down several times over many years and the only time i actually needed a tow was when the fuel pump died .
driven with a dead alternator dead battery thankfully not at the same time broken u-joint broken leaf shackle imploded rear differential one spark plug missing leaks of just about every fluid and the list goes on .
i 'm not a fan of the video but great song .
you 're legitimately trying to defend racism as a valid standpoint in an argument ?
is saying that you can have an argument with a person who thinks that an invisible floating blue cow is just behind you the same as defending it as a valid argument ?
as an australian watching from afar that map that cbc keeps showing has a huge chunk of blue in the west ... it looks as if the cons should be winning from that but they are n't ?
can someone explain where all these red seats are ?
can i just not see them on that map because they 're bunched in the cities ?
it feels like every year we lay an egg in philly .
why does it always have to be the fucking eagles .
when i was about 10 years old i figured this out on my own .
i lived in the heart of brooklyn in an apartment building .
it was my duty to take out our trash out back behind the building .
whenever it snowed i loved taking out the trash because it would give me a few minutes of silence in an otherwise noisy city .
i just ca n't decide on p or j or even the cognitive functions .
i 've been thinking about this too and i think i know why .
i think it 's confidence and borderline cockiness where they think their read on the game and movement around the map is so perfect that they can just run around hunting in small parties and get out .
i think they were that good at ti but not so much now .
it 'll be some time before they can get to that level of synergy .
that being said i do give huge props to eg for doing this i 've actually never seen a team even attempt to reach this level of play .
ppd is trying to make eg the yankees of dota2 .
i own a 2008 mazda rx-8 and reverse is push down on the shifter and pull down into 6th .
if your driving along and pull it into 6th there is no way to go into reverse as you must first push down on the shifter which will not function unless you are going very very slowly
i 'm a junior doing pretty well at a pretty good highschool .
i 'm generally motivated by high expectations of myself plus i usually find school fun although a lot of the homework is boring .
in terms of studying and procrastination i do n't plan or schedule much .
i find that studying until i feel prepared and doing work when i feel i need to keeps me on top of things and i end up procrastinating much less than other people .
part of it is that even though i try not to stake too much self worth on grades and college i know that i can get good grades test scores and into a good college so those become natural expectations .
just curious what classes are you taking and what interests you ?
i think it 's over luke and that is who rey is crying over
well dmitri it seems like one of our generals went a little ...
uh ... did a silly thing ... well you know how we always talked about the possibility of something going wrong with the bomb .
i did n't mean to say that you were n't also very sorry ... ''
your submission has been automatically removed because the title does not include one of the required tags .
please use any of these tags which you see fit h psa pc q store
psa public service announcement psa there has been a major change that needs to be known
pc pricecheck pc i need a price check on x
q question q what would keep price in the long run x or x ?
store store store i have too many items to list in the topic so check my description
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/csgotrading if you have any questions or concerns .
how the fuck did they know how he was going to vote ?
it 's a conservative riding so he 'd be more likely to be one of their own than anything else .
i 'd rather han just shoot him like he did in indiana jones .
gain as much experience as you can outside of routine manufacturing duties express interest in other positions to you superior so that they can try and help you out by putting you on other projects when someone comes in to do some work ask them questions about what they are doing and why get a degree of you do n't have one .
i 've met a lot of people that have moved from manufacturing to validation qa engineering etc .
here is what the linked meme says in case it is blocked at your school/work or is unavailable for any reason
post title m3t th15 5cumb46 4t th3 6ym upshells on port side xdxdxdxd only rowers get that xdxdxdxdxdxdxdxd
dogs pee on shit that 's what they do .
if you want to get a family pet then the damages that pet cause do not legally extend proportionally to all of the family members .
if she asked you and said we should split this damage because we 're all responsible '' and the dog really was your dog then you could as a gesture of familyness consider paying the 800 .
but that would be out of kindness not because you had to . ''
she sounds like the type of person who was itching to get some remodeling done and now finally has an excuse for it .
it seems a bit silly but give it time and i think it 'll sit better
seeing tonty and recomp in the same sentence is kinda weird .
upvoted to encourage you to improve past your current 915 rating on chess.com standard !
i was arguing over something silly but you can go on probation for dismissing someone 's argument as innocently as this
there was nothing in the code of conduct about dismissive contents i have no idea what that even means are we not allowed to argue ?
maybe i was confrontational but that was n't what the warning was for .
so i just stopped posting there rather than risk having my trade forum priveleges removed .
the doctor probably kept his other versions out of the war and considering how scared everyone was of him they probably let him .
they did ressurect people as evidented by master and rassilon and i dont remember anything saying that they followed the rules i remember more that made it seemed like the other way around .
at first they fought to kept the rules in place but then it turned into a war of survival against the daleks to save the universe then it just became a war to win no matter what fuck the universe .
the only reason they didnt use the moment was becasue they didnt dare since it could backfire so easily you basicly had to convince the weapon you where right and your target was wrong i very much about that the timelords would care about the rules considering how the doctor and everyone else considered them worse then the daleks in the later stages of the war .
i pirate for most of the season so for me i know it 's bound to happen eventually .
never twice in a game though and i 'm not even paying .
i 'd be pretty upset if i had a subscription .
i ca n't believe we got obliterated by the suns in 2010 .
sure we had a few injuries but they were starting jarron freaking collins and a 60-year old grant hill .
and most people forget that nash arguably their best player was already 35 years old at that time .
nash at 35 grant hill at 40 and jarron collins those were 3 of the starters that swept us .
cephalopod '' or something like that so yeah we gon na have a new hat .
unfortunately i ca n't access to customize menù right now but something was added .
man i 'm a diehard gits fan when it comes to the 1995 film and sac but anything arise-related just does n't do anything for me .
it is n't as nuanced they changed va 's inferior sound design and no yoko kanno make for a gits-lite experience .
i think op 's sister is a hemophilia carrier not a hemophiliac and only has minor symptoms .
those sites are certainly more active than they used to be .
avengers 2 massively out sold the first one on fandango yet still had a smaller opening .
and then the five year old positioned the two barbies in a hot make out scene
er det til en opgave så er det nok bedst at bruge artikler hvor de har kilder på .
ellers er der ham den svenske forsker/something hans rosling som måske ikke direkte er kritisk men i hvert fald har et mere nuanceret syn på flygtningen situationen end mange andre medier .
exactly i usually just setup a party and invite people to it .
this also means i do n't have to add them as friends .
if you find some awesome guardians you can always friend them later .
first html then css then javascript and the rest .
you need to learn to crawl before learning to walk before learning to run .
visual studio is definitely not the ultimate ide for web development unless you develop asp.net web applications .
you could use adobe brackets http brackets.io to start with web development or basically any text editor that you come across .
you could also try visual studio code https code.visualstudio.com which is a completely different product to visual studio that is more geared towards web development .
personally i dont think she did anything wrong she got railroaded by silly nationalism for speaking out like the dixie chicks .
i got them in 3 to 5 seconds after my purchase .
this is a really great haruki sato film where she plays a tanned slutty school girl who enjoys having sex outdoors .
expect a lot of squirting creampies and of course sex in outdoors locations such as on a beach and inside a parked van .
she 's quite slutty and lewd in this one while generally being the one in control in the scenes .
if you like tanned asians squirting creampies outdoor sex and a generally slutty performance then i highly recommend this one .
this is just an all around solid haruki sato film featuring one of her best traits lot and lots of squirting .
when i was reading this static came through the baby monitor in my bedroom .
i 'm not sure if it 's from the humidifier on the shelf in my sons room or if i should tucking grab my kid and run .
the reds said that about obama the blues said that about trump .
i do n't really think it 's gon na turn out that bad either way .
qa team does n't make decisions on fixing things .
they test the game make a list of bugs and bad game mechanic development team reads the list then tosses it to trash and published the game/dlc on schedule .
it is practically why they bought siri in the first place it is rather extensive ... problem is they could not crack how to package so the interface glues '' well with the developers ' apps
i 'm going to talk about the woman in your scenario .
she takes time to think about it and decides she needs an abortion .
she a gets an illegal abortion under your law and faces imprisonment and being treated as a criminal or she b does n't have an abortion and is forced by a man and the law to continue a pregnancy for months including the medical risks and procedures required without her consent .
or c finds a way to travel out of the country and gets abortion just like 12 women a day are doing now .
people should remember that deliberately creating a stampede is a known method of terrorism .
it is a spectacular way of mass murdering for someone with antidemocratic ethnic or religious agenda .
as far as i know there is no proven cases but be careful if your event is politically charged .
it 's quite rare and good to see somebody grasp basics of cricket quite quickly .
wait what ... why would a bot in sweden use us-number ?
i made three characters on balmung during the downtime .
spent a good amount of time marvelling at the rp in say on balmung for a while before going back to my main .
first four in golden point nrl gets rid of golden point titans get a field goal on the siren anyway in year five .
i kind of like the fact that it does n't have a fingerprint sensor .
one less thing for fucking google and the nsa to have on me .
uk people always brag about their fucking roundabouts but having spent quite a bit of time in the uk i am still totally unconvinced .
they eat up space and are more difficult for foot traffic to deal with .
plus a lot of them also have lights so i fail to see the point .
why my own thoughts when there 's an entire book defining the issue from one of the leading academics in the field ?
ok so you would n't mind if we added him into rotation .
you can get simple boxes and scretch them however you like to make borders and what not .
overlays with transparent backdrops will allow you to obtain a channel that looks like this if it suits your preference .
the rest is just nightdev clr widgets however i dislike them because clr hogs cpu and they clutter .
best look is a clean sleek and simple setup that does n't have too much going on .
i can show you how to do this with obs you can inbox me if you 're interested .
there 's just a fairly loud pocket of libertarians around here who just want to watch the world burn .
i believe physiological level is enough as long as it put you on the high end of normal range
not trying to be contrarian but i remember seeing a guy absolutely shred in the surf in a mini kayak .
he was on another level compared to all the surfers out there it was amazing to witness .
i thought it was one shot but as the wiki says otherwise .
i have been killed instantly by an r380 but it is possible it was just two very quick shots not sure .
as long as you 're playing above the 7th fret with a neck bridge it tracks wonderfully but you also make some really weird abrasive tones by playing lower .
add a pic that shows at least half of your face and your post may be re-allowed .
i do n't think clubs and such are right for me .
hi it might be a little difficult in some areas because characters and events from the first ark do show up in its sequel .
you can use ifttt.com and it will send you a text message when your favorite spot reaches swell heights of your choice .
yep i just turned up to meet my mum once who was at some function for the labour party and they all decided to go for a walk round parliament so i tagged along .
very interesting stuff i would recommend if you can get onto one since it 's free why not ?
i think it 's balanced because it keeps champs on both teams alive .
the thing is i definitely would n't have even caught that since i 've been trying this for about a week and the professor did n't brief us on much .
i 'm still trying to process the whole cell references thing .
but as people already said it depends mostly on your team composition and the map .
so if you wan na go for a sonya in the punisher map you can definitly do so as well
i do n't think you are supposed to answer your own question on ask reddit
yeah but he have to do stuff he has never done before .
i watched moldran play it for a while and he played it like an idiot .
if it was my billions of dollars out there it would n't go unguarded for a minute .
it 's not due to a lack of trust in me or anything like that she 's just helping me out with my first bank account
do n't lie to yourself there will be plenty of people in life who will lie to you so let them handle the lying-to-you department .
that is extremely abnormal and you have every right to close that joint account .
use your school 's counselling services which are probably free to back up this decision because they will like duh and insist on having your own bank account .
til one needs an elevated consciousness to perform manual labor .
it 's a total coincidence that games made in countries that are predominantly white star predominantly white characters .
and it would make 100 perfect sense for games with stories based off of early european mythology predominantly white at the time to feature non-white protagonists .
taking a character that is canonically white or male or whatever and making them something else just for the sake of doing it is akin to tokenism .
by the same vein if someone started to push for a game to be released where samus was a man people would push back .
thanks for taking the time to create an account and comment .
we are trying the 2 man setup up front ... you know the rest
this looks like the kind of girl i 'd expect to see you on a date with
at this point jer is just a more communicative steve .
oh great they are going to add this to the purchaseable heroes only now ''
hopefully they can tell if there is a lot of tea stains on their shirt or not from all that forced tea spilling .
i 'm going to guess it was the buffalo game at the end of the season .
ask for a seat on the front porch so they can face the lake .
i was n't aware the civil rights act covered strangers having conversations with me .
i 'd better free up some time in my schedule .
i had a 16 oz one a while ago and i felt jittery and nauseous for hours afterwards .
it was delicious but wayyyy too much caffeine for this girl .
here in the uk they crop up on tv fairly often .
i 'm no expert but i can see that it 's adding the tag p class='caliber ' before each italics tag the p tag denotes a new paragraph .
you could delete just the instance of it around red court save the book delete it from your kindle and then re-load the new one you 've just saved to test that it looks ok it will do .
to do it across the whole book it would be possible to do a full find and replace and simply remove every instance of p class '' calibre '' but it could well be that it 's used on its own to denote a legitimate new paragraph and that would screw up the formatting in those places .
to be safe you could do a find and replace like this
find a way to make sure you 're only replacing it around those italic tags .
as long as you keep a copy of the file before you start editing it you can always revert to that and you 'll learn a bit about this feature in calibre .
i 've literally only used it a couple of times myself .
there is also very likely a way to change this universally in calibre settings so that all future conversions do n't do this but i 'll have to leave that to someone else to advise on i 'm afraid .
if the liberals themselves are wise they would not bet their future chances of winning on whether or not strategic voting is organized well enough .
they will almost certainly at the very least bring in an alternate or preferential voting system .
that would be the simplest change that would n't require complete parliamentary overhaul yet would make it so strategic voting is unnecessary .
moreover it would provide disincentive for parties to use divisive political strategies .
for example if the cpc want someone to at least put them as their 2 vote they will have to make sure not to alienate and attack them .
instead they will have to present more agreeable policies that have mass appeal .
the libs have already started using that system in their own leadership races .
oops i was supposed to edit my post not reply to your comment !
thanks though for the reply i prefer training too .
2x tempo flurry is probably enough if you have one or two double cuts as one character tempo flurry is usually enough to stick slow when you need it and then it 's just down to how can i hit my retaliator more than once '' .
plus mixing tf with double cut gives you more skillset coverage for characters with combat but not celerity .
i 'm too lazy to put one of my posts i earlier in this same thread but them saying only cosmetics and convenience items does n't automaticly mean kr cash shop .
as i stated earlier the worst it 'll get as a b2p is cosmetics outfits with no stats aka not kr cash shop pet 's obviously gon na be there they are not necessary but just saves me time to not spam loot between attacks never had pets in kr bdo but i heard they have a cd on looting so i rather have a pet cuz i love doggies then a loot pet no idea how their passives function either since i never owned one but the dog that alerts you on enemies is useful if you wan na not get ganked cuz someone thinks its cool to kill someone lvling .
consumables are usually always there such as exp drop rate and such not too strong since stuff like that is always there it 's a possibility on battle consumables that is to be determined when it releases .
said i was too lazy to type it all did anyways but i remembered that you can also buy the cash shop items in the auction house and the auction always has its own price set such as a minimal and highest i do not know how it works like if it adjusts or not i just played kr to have fun but yea
got ta win this week and take is a week at a time .
my crazy temperatures are all over even though i take 'em at the same time .
could n't one say the mismatch is between ones mental map of the body and ones desired mental map ?
zu sagen das es nicht schade um den tod von jemanden sei weil er im winter von irgendwo fliehen musste ist meiner meinung nach nicht in ordnung .
ich hab auch gelegentlich so meine probleme mit dtxer finde ihn oft unprofessionell und teilweise beleidigend in seiner ausdrucksweise das menschenverachtende arschloch '' muss in einem offiziellen post nun wirklich nicht sein so berechtigt es auch ist man darf ja die eigene position nicht vergessen aber was die sache angeht menschenverachtende kommentare nicht zulassen zu wollen bin ich voll auf seiner seite .
es ist nämlich eine sache zu sagen ich finde es sollten weniger flüchtlinge aufgenommen werden '' und eine ganz andere zu sagen um die ists ja nicht schade wenn die verrecken '' .
and to think i used to want to visit sweden one day ... .
use your networking skills to find out where the most supportive environments are .
if you stay in a toxic job it becomes easier to begin justifying this as being normal for our field and it does n't have to be .
there are many social work positions out there where you do n't have to constantly accept being shit on .
gay dudes can fight the stress out with fists and it 's all good
does n't range t1 '' bring it back to the cell instead of the reference ?
next time man he cut out my description of my true crime it was too horrible .
are you confusing us with our bay area neighbors the santa clara 49er criminals ?
abu khattala told other libyans in private conversations during the night of the attack that he was moved to attack the diplomatic mission to take revenge for an insult to islam in an american-made online video '' times reporter david kirkpatrick wrote in a story on khattala on tuesday .
go ralph glad you got to enjoy a steeler game
personally i would avoid the garbage disposal last thing you want is bone fragments getting stuck somewhere or clogging up the drain with too much meat and tissue .
if you 've got a little time on your hands i would boil it .
get some big ass pots and toss everything in meat organs bones and all .
dish soap will speed up the procees and will slightly damage any dna evidence though avoid dawn soap as it is helps preserve the dna .
after about 24 hours of boiling you 'll be left with clean bones and a gelatinous mess .
the mess will smell kinda bad so i do n't recommend pouring down the sink i 'd either bury it or toss in the trashcan outside..either way it 's a gelatinous mass not a body .
the bones like you suggested smash with a hammer to the point of dust then scatter on the highway far away from home .
you do n't want to do it into the tub b/c forensics will find that shit .
i 've boiled down several deer carcasses to get clean bones and it 's a fairly easy process .
go from a whole deer to clean bones in about 20 hours
they 're super strict about it too i could n't even have race fees compensated for spending eight hours volunteering to set it up .
i think on gifts though the prize value ca n't exceed a certain amount 200 or something like that .
but cash is a no-no especially when it exceeds the cost of race entry .
jake 's got the right idea returning the money is the safest route .
if you 've already spent it i would n't stress about it i 'm sure they have all sorts of people who received prize money for local 5k 's and maintained amateur status
soco 's cthulhu in carolina https www.etsy.com/listing/250022954/cthulhu-in-carolina-roll-on-fragrance ? ref=shop_home_active_2 !
it was a risky blind buy for me because i 've never tried out aquatics before but i felt like a had to have it because the notes sound like what the black lake from harry potter would smell like .
it ended up being a great purchase and surprisingly wearable even my so likes it and he 's normally not a fan of any atmospheric/weird/interesting scents .
luke narrates the trailer and explains the force being strong in his family father had it shows vader helmet i have it shows robotic right hand with r2 sister has it shows female being handed light saber .
you do not agree this could be considered an obvious indicator to who the person in the image is ?
add lookitskeith i will run this till my eyes bleed and make fun commentary during .
i tried both of those cards as well but they seemed like a little too much of a gamble and sometimes were just bad .
i found rise//fall to wiff a lot by getting a land and something else or just sit in my hand because i needed to hold up removal vs twin on the early turns .
kommand feels much stronger as it can get back a threat in the yard plus discard all at end step or draw phase .
i wanted rise//fall to work but it has n't for me .
help them integrate teach them the language and work skills and bam you have people contributing to society !
if you intended to buy a car for yourself how did your girlfriend come away thinking it was a gift ?
man those 1/4 are people i hope to never encounter in my life .
its a fanboy blog with no real writers or journalists .
no shit that he had everyone talk to him anonymously .
cuz he made it up no one talked to him .
the article is a fanboy blog post and 100 false .
the first revolt actually had them concerned then the subreddits came back 12 hours later with only promises
like this shit sounds like something the kids in the retarded room at school cooked up and they had the kid with mild asbergers on the boards .
someone told me to find relief with garden tools turns out hoes are n't my thing .
i base my prediction on successful use cases in the next 10 years .
i do n't think bitcoin will replace government fiat ever it 's not designed to do that and frankly i would n't want that here in the us .
i do however think bitcoin will be seen as a safe store of value as well as the defacto online currency along with dozens of killer apps '' therefore i see 30k 40k per bitcoin as a wildly successful prediction in the next 10 years .
had to look it up so i could clear my conscience .
i agree that to temper the fact they wo n't hit total s x production numbers this year the x will start to be produced before the earnings call .
it wo n't be huge numbers but that will take a bit of the sting away .
dropping from 55,000 expected to about 46,000 actual will really hurt the stock .
reality just a few cars but the news is what matters .
its already been mentioned by elon but remind everyone that the vast majority of engineers are working on the 3 reiterate that the model 3 is on track !
meaning way behind schedule at least for what we the public expects .
finally some really good gf news that 's actually true but no one will care about that .
tesla energy is the dark horse that will save this company some day .
that was jaxx empire but it is now closed .
thanks for this but it really depends on your team 's needs .
for example my priority is event ce if it does help drop rate monuments reverse scale halloween candy to clear out the shop .
not 100 sure what the time-specific events will do but i 'm definitely excited .
do not merge any event ce until event is over you might need as much as one ce per servant for farming .
i made the mistake last event of fusing the ce so this is important
i suggest holding it with your teeth and working towards yourself .
i 'm still going to be buying that new pc at some point probably in another couple of months or so .
i 'm not going to pay 400 for a console just so that i can play fo4 slightly better .
i 'm hyped but i 'm not throw-away 400 hyped .
sorry but if you foolishly avoided all of the warning signs here ... desperate team bad ypc awful red zone decisions no history of sustained success and did n't try and package him early on then you are pretty fucked .
once a rb loses his job it 's really tough to reclaim it barring injury .
hate to say it but you 're just holding onto a handcuff/change of pace back right now and have almost no hope of moving him .
i do n't have a problem with people carrying wherever they want as long as they know what they are doing .
how can you be sure that people know what they 're doing ?
and even if they know what they 're supposed to do how do you know that will remember to do it or that they will actually do it ?
and if everyone did have guns the sheer probability of accidents would skyrocket .
for example you may know you are supposed to put your safety on and you intended to .
but your routine got distracted and you did n't and then it goes off .
from your perspective this guy did n't know what he was doing but from his he made an error that was independent of his base of knowledge .
bottom line people as a whole are n't to be trusted .
i do n't even trust walk signs at crosswalks .
i make sure no one is coming because i absolutely do n't trust that people know what they 're doing .
you can find charcoal dress pants pretty much anywhere though if you 're interested in the color .
i will now remove your ears so you will be unable to hear .
i 'm sorry i did n't think the logic was that hard to comprehend .
game is funded and it 's getting mac/linux support .
there was a period where we thought that they might not get this project off the ground .
so yeah totally gon na make an rt for the characters ans see if i can get one or two in a scramble .
compared to the official poster that looks like it should be in the discount bin at walmart right along with the prequels ?
i was there when you guys came to são paulo two years ago it was magical .
it 's not even just about the down time .
your customers will likely not be happy about having to make a change like that and some might push back or drag their feet .
do you currently have clients using any sort of api or is everything you just said based in the future ?
if it is then i do n't think there 's a single reason for you to extend magento 's api versus rolling your own .
well i played him for like 100 matches i can say i do n't like linken 's at all like other pro players manta is pretty bad in my opinion in early game illusion are weak and morphling itself stays squishy better getting a skadi first .
yes treads are very good on morph but with bots you can quickly tp everywhere or get back to the base for regen .
i was inspired by kamikaze he goes mid full agility and builds bottle-eblade-bots-skadi or manta i toke his build and modified it a little bit .
i 'm not trying to justify myself but i think the build i usually follow is not that bad .
keep in mind that morphling is a slow jungle-famer before getting skadi and he has no farming mechanism .
maybe a skadi rush eblade manta or yasha before eblade and then manta after it could be a good idea what do you think about it ?
0-2 stealth secrets ca n't trigger while silithid scarab is on the board ''
the first few times i smoked i was also drinking .
i 've only ever felt sick from doing both at once .
although the first time i took a giant bong hit i felt queezy as well .
i stick to a vape now unless offered a toke and have no issues !
its not who ya know but who you blow lol
your submission has been removed because it is lacking a correct tag .
all prompt submissions to r/writingprompts must include in their title a tag in square brackets .
the sidebar contains the list of tags that can be used .
if you are unsure of how to tag a prompt consult how to tag prompts r/writingprompts/wiki/how_to_tag_prompts .
if this prompt has been flagged in error please message the moderators using the link below .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/writingprompts if you have any questions or concerns .
paddles and buttons remap for me hair triggers are a nice bonus .
now if amazon.ca would be kind enough to get them back on pre-order ...
otto 's portland fish market woodstock farmer 's market grand central bakery and safeway all within a couple minute walk of each other .
reading reddit at work does n't count as a hobby .
the guy works all week to provide for his family he deserves 1 day a week to do something for himself .
being a parent is a big responsibility but it does n't mean you have to give up your own life in service to your family .
referral links counter doesnt work not associated with pizza hut ...
not at all i 'm explaining that the objective mathematical simplicity and the critical relevance of the concept makes it utterly indefensible that people complain about loans .
i do n't care if you 're a dumb fuck you can literally go to bankrate.com plug in the principal interest and term and find out what the payments will be .
if that 's too onerous pass on the loan or figure something out .
there is no excuse whatsoever in this age of information to not understand what you 're signing .
i am in roxbury as well and i am lucky if i get that anymore .
at the start of the summer i was seeing 80-90 mbps as i pay for that now i see less then 5 of this .
calls to them have you go to websites to test speeds where you can get fast speed so they claim there is nothing wrong .
on dslreports i get full speed on most other places i do not see the speed i should be getting at all .
netflix can take over 30 seconds to actually come up on screen now and in some cases i get the try again later error .
i use a program that shows my speed to me on my computer and it seems obvious that comcast is purposely throttling speeds to some locations on purpose .
that 's why i ask because i 'm not sure we can improve much over what we currently have but you 're right about needing beasley 's confidence up i 'd love to be totally wrong and we find our pass rush this year but from what i 've seen so far it seems unlikely without a player change or 2 and getting beasley a full year of nfl experience .
they have n't released the pricing or detailed specs yet .
do n't count your chickens before they hatch sport .
he did n't really do anything we just clicked .
he showed he cared about me and we stuck out for each other then eventually somehow we became inseparable best friends .
universal distribution rights and the right of first refusal .
do n't you mean right of first refusal to distribution rights ?
not trying to be pedantic but the two mean very different things .
so the spirit of rugby is to bury your head in the sand and never get upset when someone royally fucks you over .
i do n't get why this counterjerk insists that the game will fall apart if we do n't all collectively pretend that refs are benevolent gods .
and that brian is how you kill a spider while driving ! ''
unfortunately the more i look at the photo the more i think it 's han .
so school administration would tell students not to be friendly with other students ?
moncrief has value and when dez comes back i fully expect him to return to form .
having played my fair share of monopoly i 'd dominate anybody in the world at risk .
i think the best way for blizzard to handle this going forward is to have different quest text based on your achievements .
in wrath bolvar fordragon had different quest dialogue depending on whether you had done the onyxia quest chain way back in vanilla .
if you had n't he treated you as a stranger just another mercenary/adventurer/whatever same as most npcs .
if you had he greeted you as a friend and was glad to go into battle side-by-side with you again .
i think one more questgiver had a similar mechanic too but i ca n't find a record of it at the moment .
my main really has been there and done that .
raided mc bwl zg kara ssc ulduar and more while they were current content .
i created her during cataclysm got her to level 90 literally a day before wod and still have n't raided with her .
she was one of the few people who went through the portal with thrall and khadgar and they 're busy so fine there 's no one else to put in command .
let 's hope she does n't screw it up .
when/if i get her through the legendary ring quest their confidence in her would totally be justified .
fixing '' wod in this way would require no changes at all for characters that have done a few major endgame raids .
for alts like my hunter it would require editing the dialogue of a dozen or so npcs khadgar the characters we meet in the welcome to ashran '' quest at level 91 and the npcs at each garrison outpost in leveling zones .
they 'd still do the same stuff more or less but they 'd be less reverential about it .
let 's hope blizzard has thought of something like it .
i guess but it 's not exactly that complicated .
it 's not practical to try and identify fentanyl cuts using just reagent tests at home .
it should do it automatically when you press a .
otherwise using the icon passing will do it as well .
i think he 's great but he can only shoot 8 rounds before having to go to spawn or find ammo .
yep the more you lose over and over the better you get .
so keep doing what clearly is n't working and you 'll somehow win .
this was a a pretty clear indicator to me that he 's going to call up the same people and do the same things .
pretty much just avoiding getting hit using soul hearts effectively leaving them on the ground until the first floor is finished using flying items to get into curse rooms or teleporting out etc .
i really did n't like him first i failed to understand how he worked and my first games with him was horrible .
but some time after i watched some videos and he became one of my favorite character .
i 've picked him in 90 of my recent qm i have tons of fun with this fluffy troll but i 'm still waiting for the occasion to pick him in hl too many cc
because they applied for a business license and meet the requirements set forth to conduct business legally .
they have the supply they clearly have the capital now they just play by the rules and do n't have to launder the money anymore or they 'll use their weed store to launder the money from other criminal endevours .
i think it 's foolish to think some of these large operations wo n't take the opportunity to expand their customer base and indeed their operations using legalized marijuana .
zz34 is going to get eaten alive on this but it 's true those with the supply and the capital can become even more prosperous in this way especially if they 're first to market .
just because you 're running a legitimate business does n't mean your personal life or motives are amicable once you turn off the open sign for the day .
that said i ca n't wait to have weed stores locally i miss going into dispensaries in vancouver .
i 'm looking forward to being allowed to grow my own supply and experiment with small scale outdoor winter growing .
i 'm looking forward to the new understanding and wealth of opportunities more advanced and regulated research can bring .
i 'm looking forward to eating it building with it making tinctures and ointments and whatever else grabs my fancy .
i sincerely hope the liberals follow through on this promise as well as their promises for open and accountable government and electoral reform .
in the dark of night a car pulls up behind you .
you get out of your car to the approach the car that pulled up you assume to help you .
driver of the car turns out to be a plain-clothes cop who shoots you .
even if the drummer had a weapon why would he have it out .
he was waiting for roadside assistance and probably assumed this was it .
i 'll be stunned if the weapon '' he had is registered to him .
all i can imagine as a nurse is how one of those leg machine would dislodge a clot and give someone a stroke .
women do n't need to be a grown ass man .
that 's what i get for posting douchey comments .
that said the article did fire a shot at my favorite spice .
i guess mexican and indian foods are n't as popular as i thought .
you do n't play try hard like you would on your main correct ?
i assume they meant 16 gms chose the cavs and then math 'd wrong
this may be paternalistic but i 'm truly trying not to be ethnocentric .
i have good friends from rural india which is how i know about this non-profit and they lack the equipment and funding for modern sanitation .
many of the brides have started insisting on access to toilets before they get married .
to continue to claim that they do n't value '' clean water and sanitation is incorrect .
yes in some places there is a massive amount of learning needed to be done how to use and care for modern bathrooms the importance of keeping them clean etc .
but once people are educated and there are enough forward-thinkers adopting the technology people will use it .
what 's the claim i 'm not giving page views to sean hannity
the text of this joke was copied word-for-word from an external site .
further proof can be found in the fact that at the time of this writing the only other comment here is also the product of a spammer .
spam accounts often comment on one another 's submissions .
in all likelihood this spammer is trying to make itself look legitimate before it starts in on karma accumulation which will lead to eventual sale of the account https www.reddit.com/r/quityourbullshit/comments/3jss04/meta_spammers_how_they_work_and_how_to_spot_them .
burning man is a shell of what is used to be .
were you really expecting them to work on rb3 five years after and after they 've released rb4 ?
it depends on the nature of the game but those questions are quite distinct whereas yours tend toward the answers being quite mixed .
your questions also seem more vaguely based around giving the characters all sorts of things whereas dw 's are focussed on xp and social and rp-based rewards are earned through characters going out and earning them .
frex players are n't likely to want things that do n't fit their character .
they 're not likely to ask for things they did n't actually earn .
they 're not going to try and earn things that do n't fit the character .
you 'll also run into a situation of multiple rewards not being of the same '' value i 'd suggest that becoming head of the thieves guild is a little bit more important than getting a new sword .
so i think you 're asking the wrong questions overall .
if what you want is a rules-light narrative/setting-explorey game where the character strive for goals maybe these are more appropriate note that these are more topics of discussion '' than give a direct answer '' questions
what is the next step your character is going to take to earn it ?
aka so what do you want to do next session ?
but in the case of skill advances you could set achievement targets use the skill in this circumstance then ''
has your character achieved or abandoned any of their previous goals ?
this is too open-ended a question but in context it should be ok
in the case of longer-term rewards i want to take over the thieves guild !
the gm can keep putting obstacles in front of players but at some point they just need to accept the players have earned their reward and let them have it .
our 2nd tank is out for farm tonight so i 'm filling in .
planning on using iskar trinket blast furnace door and praying i do n't get one shot .
i know ... just hoping someone has space on their game room wall to remember lw .
implementing a new feature set into existing code is n't a simple flick of the switch .
every software vendor has to implement it themselves albeit drawing from the same code base hooks that is dx12 .
we wo n't wake up one day and magically all our stuff is coded to dx12 individual software over time will build up to ubiquity but never 100 .
well looks like everyone who got busy mating the first few days wins
i was thinking maybe i could try this if i get a chance .
then you said ground sausage and now i think it must be obligatory for me to try it .
i 've never put in the effort to speedrun or exhaust myself with starterweapon or sl4 runs in dark souls .
i usually pick up something fun like a double-shield run .
but that does add 3 more games to the list .
also in the netherlands my father worked in a prison if fellow inmates found out another inmate was there for pedophilia that inmate had a slim chance to survive his jail-time unharmed or at all ...
yeah i was doing this stuff when i was like 13 and i made it all up myself naturally without ever even reading a book or looking at pictures .
sometimes i think the reason why some a-hole gets western women distracted by wolf whistles cyber bullying and micro aggressions is so they wo n't realize that their politicians are letting in millions of refugees whose only goal is to set back women 's rights 1,000 years
still one of the dumbest comments i 've seen in a while
if someone called me daddy at anytime in a relationship that is a deal breaker and i would leave immediately .
or we could just give the tr and nc the msw-r and anchor as defaults and build off of those .
i was gunna stick a bloody mulebot there but i got fuckin ' lazy .
guess you missed the part about the knees and hooks
in the west midlands most people stuck to the names of school college/6th form uni despite many of the schools using the word college in the title
dude i love south park as much as the next guy but you 're taking hyperbole and satire too fucking literally under what fucking law do you think you 'd do time for that ?
the older i get the more i see or hear about things happening in the world that make me lose my faith in people too .
i wish i could say something encouraging but at this stage i 'm really just trying as far above their level as i possibly can so that at the very least i do not to contribute to the problem .
i suppose there was one thing that would really make me feel positive but i do n't have enough for it these days and that was volunteer work .
the energy in an environment where the people you work with are happy because they genuinely want to be there instead of have to be there and the people you work for appreciate you a lot more for being there is nothing short of refreshing .
it certainly helps if you can volunteer for something you enjoy or are passionate about .
the opportunities just get wider the more you get into it .
i wish i still had time for that myself .
i 'd love to have a puppy right about now .
the amount of spaghetti spilled from this video is amazing .
he just said it falls short of some of the best ones that are hundreds of dollars more expensive .
if tf had used red cards they may have won the initial fight .
they were actually the majority https en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/history_of_texas by a long shot .
30,000 american settlers compared to 7,800 mexicans and those numbers are from more than 10 years before the war .
i lived there for a while and i was n't making that much and i was pretty close to 45 .
hi can somebody please give me 20.000 donuts or more and max sp tiles ?
1950 's or early 60 's movie where wife tricks husband into believing he is seeing his daughters ghost daughter keeps calling out to him daddy '' i do n't want to go ''
o humanity we created you from a single male and female and made you into nations and tribes that you may know each other .
indeed the most honored of you in the sight of god is the most conscious of you and god has full knowledge and is well acquainted with all things .
al-hujurat 49:13 as rendered by bilal muhammad http www.amazon.com/gp/product/1477479651/ref=as_li_tl ? ie=utf8 camp=1789 creative=390957 creativeasin=1477479651 linkcode=as2 tag=discnt0c6-20 linkid=6ogvyaowmrnliawj
multiple gameboy advance sp ags-101 consoles pink pearl blue and black
the legend of zelda a link to the past/four swords http imgur.com/a/ookpx
the legend of zelda the minish cap i would like to trade altp for this – low priority
this is an automatic summary original http www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2015-10-21/iran-says-it-can-quadruple-pollution-cuts-when-sanctions-lifted reduced by 77 .
iran could as much as quadruple its efforts to curb fossil fuel emissions if economic sanctions imposed by the u.s. united nations and european union are ended the country 039 s lead envoy at un climate negotiations said .
iran intends to submit by the middle of november a quot very well-prepared quot pledge on what actions it 039 s prepared to take to limit greenhouse gases majid shafie-pour iran 039 s delegation chief at a un climate meeting in bonn said in an interview .
french foreign minister laurent fabius declined to comment in bonn on the possibility of iran increasing its efforts if sanctions are removed .
he also has taken part in discussions about ending the standoff between iran and six other negotiating nations the u.s. china france germany russia and the u.k .
the 12-year standoff over iran 039 s nuclear program sparked the sanctions .
iran has been the subject of u.s. sanctions since the seizure of the american embassy in tehran in 1979 .
the first nuclear-related un security council sanctions were placed on iran in 2006 .
summary source http smmry.com/http www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2015-10-21/iran-says-it-can-quadruple-pollution-cuts-when-sanctions-lifted faq http www.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot version 1.6 5961 summaries so far . ''
theory http www.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31bfht/theory_autotldr_concept feedback http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 23autotldr pms and comment replies are read by the bot admin constructive feedback is welcome . ''
top five keywords iran 1 sanction 2 country 3 climate 4 pledge 5
notice this thread is for discussing the submission topic only .
do not discuss the concept of the autotldr http www.reddit.com/user/autotldr bot here .
in my city things are shifting quickly im lvl 4 close to 5 and i have no idea if i can knock out anything that is lvl 5,6,7 or 8 ... . and i would like to know in what time i can take down something .
6 p.m. awst 12 p.m. cest 6 a.m. edt .
all prices include vat and all games are drm-free .
agon – the lost sword of toledo http fireflowergames.com/shop/agon-the-lost-sword-of-toledo €1.6 1.8 80 win
agon – the mysterious codex http fireflowergames.com/shop/agon-the-mysterious-codex €1.6 1.8 80 win
al emmo the lost dutchman 's mine http fireflowergames.com/shop/al-emmo-and-the-lost-dutchmans-mine €1.99 2.3 75 win
atlantis the lost tales http fireflowergames.com/shop/atlantis-the-lost-tales €1.25 1.4 75 win
atlantis 3 the new world http fireflowergames.com/shop/atlantis-3-the-new-world €1.99 2.3 75 mac win
atlantis 5 the secrets of atlantis http fireflowergames.com/shop/atlantis-5-the-secrets-of-atlantis €2.49 2.8 75 mac win
dracula 2 the last sanctuary http fireflowergames.com/shop/dracula-2-the-last-sanctuary €1 1.14 80 win
dracula 3 the path of the dragon http fireflowergames.com/shop/dracula-3-the-path-of-the-dragon €1.6 1.8 80 mac win
journey to the moon http fireflowergames.com/shop/journey-to-the-moon €1.25 1.4 75 mac win
nostradamus the last prophecy http fireflowergames.com/shop/nostradamus-the-last-prophecy €1.6 1.8 80 mac win
return to mysterious island http fireflowergames.com/shop/return-to-mysterious-island €1.6 1.8 80 mac win
return to mysterious island 2 http fireflowergames.com/shop/return-to-mysterious-island-2 €1.6 1.8 80 mac win
reversion – the meeting http fireflowergames.com/shop/reversion-the-meeting €0.9 1 80 win
the secrets of da vinci http fireflowergames.com/shop/the-secrets-of-da-vinci €2.49 2.8 75 win
this is an automatic summary original http www.cbsnews.com/news/us-military-navy-china-aircraft-carrier-liaoning-submarine-academy reduced by 56 .
beijing china this week hosted a visit to its sole aircraft carrier by senior u.s. navy officers amid tensions over reported plans by washington to challenge beijing 039 s territorial claims in the south china sea .
the visits follow reports that the u.s. navy plans to sail a warship inside the 12-nautical-mile territorial limit of one of china 039 s newly constructed islands formed by piling sand atop existing reefs and atolls .
that would demonstrate washington 039 s refusal to recognize china 039 s claims in the south china sea especially artificial islands that the u.s. insists can not be classified as sovereign territory .
china claims sovereignty over almost all of the south china sea and its maritime features while five other governments also claim it in part or in whole .
both china and the u.s. appeared to want to keep this week 039 s visits low-key with china 039 s official global times newspaper not reporting on them until wednesday .
the visits had been long planned and were in reciprocation for a weeklong visit by 29 chinese naval officers to the u.s. in february the first time china had sent a delegation of such size reported the global times which is published by the ruling communist party 039 s flagship people 039 s daily newspaper .
summary source http smmry.com/http www.cbsnews.com/news/us-military-navy-china-aircraft-carrier-liaoning-submarine-academy faq http www.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot version 1.6 5960 summaries so far . ''
theory http www.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31bfht/theory_autotldr_concept feedback http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 23autotldr pms and comment replies are read by the bot admin constructive feedback is welcome . ''
top five keywords china 1 visit 2 u.s. 3 navy 4 time 5
post found in r/news http np.reddit.com/r/news/comments/3pmbjx/us_quietly_given_tour_of_chinas_sole_aircraft and r/worldnews http np.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/3pmffx/us_given_tour_of_chinas_sole_aircraft_carrier .
notice this thread is for discussing the submission topic only .
do not discuss the concept of the autotldr http www.reddit.com/user/autotldr bot here .
besides a little cute logo next to my name what benefits do or will i see from this .
read up on it and it just seems like bullshit .
i know about the firelord and the voidlord but that 's it .
in the video i posted above the guy trying to get to class is former head boy of the school i went to same year as me as well .
he does not com e from a family with alot of money .
he instead worked hard and got 2 scholarships now stupid lazy protesting students who want everthing for free are trying to make his life difficult what fucking assholes..
all because the people protesting are too lazy to actually work for their own education .
jesus i have friends who parents have passed away and they are forced to pay for their own fees by working and they are not complaining because they are actually used to having to do something ...
the problem is the majority of universities in this country are bee if not all of them government run ones are .
this means a white student who got say 80 overall will not be accepted over 50 black student .
now this black student feels like everything he gets should be free because he had to do fuck all in the first place to even get into university .
and then gets angry when he realizes you actually maybe have to get a job along side studying ? ?
maybe it 's weather-related ontario canada is starting to get colder but this is ridiculous .
while i have n't bleached the area in months i have done colour touch-ups .
the only thing i can think of to do with it is soak it in coconut oil for some hours .
i 'm willing to cut it but i would really like to avoid that if possible .
dye it to match the rest of my hair once it is looking better ?
this is an automatic summary original http www.msn.com/en-us/news/us/nypd-officer-randolph-holder-dies-after-being-shot-in-the-head-by-gunman-in-east-harlem/ar-bbmguwb ? li=aaa0dzb reduced by 76 .
an nypd housing officer was killed tuesday night shot in the head by a trigger-happy perp during a chase and gunfight on a pedestrian overpass above the fdr drive in east harlem police said .
officer randolph holder 33 was shot in the forehead by the callous gunman who had stolen a bike and was being pursued by cops along the promenade hugging the east river around 8:30 p.m. police commissioner bill bratton said .
holder who emigrated from guyana was a third-generation police officer following in his father and grandfather 039 s footsteps in the line of duty bratton said during a somber press conference at the hospital .
quot there were three of them one police officer and two other men .
witnesses watched as emergency crews cut the guardrail separating the northbound and southbound lanes near 116th st. to allow cars to turn around and exit the clogged roadway around 11:30 p.m. at harlem hospital hundreds of police officers held vigil hoping for the best before they received the grim news of their fallen colleague .
at least 100 nypd officers were seen leaving the hospital around 11:30 p.m. three other nypd officers have been shot and killed while on the job in the last 11 months .
summary source http smmry.com/http www.msn.com/en-us/news/us/nypd-officer-randolph-holder-dies-after-being-shot-in-the-head-by-gunman-in-east-harlem/ar-bbmguwb ? li=aaa0dzb faq http www.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot version 1.6 5959 summaries so far . ''
theory http www.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31bfht/theory_autotldr_concept feedback http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 23autotldr pms and comment replies are read by the bot admin constructive feedback is welcome . ''
top five keywords officer 1 police 2 hospital 3 st. 4 around 5
post found in r/news http np.reddit.com/r/news/comments/3pmbzd/nypd_officer_randolph_holder_dies_after_being and r/sodapopgun http np.reddit.com/r/sodapopgun/comments/3pmhfz/nypd_officer_randolph_holder_dies_after_being .
notice this thread is for discussing the submission topic only .
do not discuss the concept of the autotldr http www.reddit.com/user/autotldr bot here .
norman did n't feel like cooking tonight so he took a frozen dinner from his freezer and removed it from the packaging .
he carefully read the instructions which instructed him to peel back the plastic film to allow the food to vent while cooking .
i hope i did n't peel it back too far '' he thought to himself and carefully placed it in the microwave .
the package said to cook it on high power for 3-4 minutes .
norman briefly considered reducing it to two and a half minutes since he always felt these were too hot .
better play it safe '' he thought and set the microwave to three minutes and thirty seconds .
when i search for users by username on the mobile app it sometimes says it ca n't find that person even though that person clearly has a profile .
so since the wotlk timewalking event is back i thought i 'd give some dps queues for a frozen path through time . ''
i 'm too tired from work to do it legit .
being forced to take this shit is n't pleasant guys .
so i injured myself a few days ago running and visited my doctor who basically informed me that i have trochanteric burisitis in my left leg and wo n't be able to do any physical activity that involves my lower body for the next two weeks .
i am a very active long distance runner and that 's all i do and i do n't now what to do during that two week period .
are there any cardio exercises that i can do ?
or should i just try to do some sort of upper body workout ?
this past weekend i found myself at patek philippe in geneva .
i spent quite a bit of time talking watches as well as trying on a number of different pieces although i had only stopped in to look into the aquanaut .
after getting to try on the skymoon and many other special pieces i was brought upstairs where i got to visit with one of the watchmakers as well as try on this beautiful watch http i.imgur.com/yidmy4e.jpg .
i was able to hear the chimes of the watch as well as learn more about it from the watchmaker .
i had a great time at patek philippe and would like to acknowledge the courtesy this past weekend .
highly recommended visit if you are ever in geneva .
i will write up a full post covering my entire weekend when i return home .
i 'm working on a tool to help publishers optimize content for facebook instant articles google amp apple news etc .
if you 're interested in becoming a beta tester i 'll build custom support for your site before anyone else .
i 've been looking online and the highest rated one is weighted .
i was wondering if there was a pen out there that will stay stable while his hand shakes .
i 've been having panic attacks for the last 2-3 weeks .
saw a doctor and am seeing a counselor because of the constant nervousness/panic attacks .
i 'm usually a pretty social guy but i was just laying in bed and had panic attacks .
i was getting better but last night i had another panic attack .
i 'm trying to see if i can aid my healing process with supplements .
i am seeing conflicting viewpoints on vitamin b though especially vitamin b6 and b12 .
are they or are they not okay to take ?
yes i 'm going to try and fix my diet too .
while you 're at it if you want to provide other supplements have that helped you please let me know .
i 'm looking to invest is some anti-aging products .
i was looking at some of the anti-aging products on kiehl 's website but it 's overwhelming and i have no idea where to start .
it does n't have to the kiehl 's brand just anything you folks find work the best .
hello guys im playing only wow and dota for quiet some years now and i wan na start streaming .
dont need those things like cd reader case etc .
just the inside stuff '' for making me stream/fraps/and play my favourite games .
i find the last precept by far the most challenging of the basic five to keep and apply consistently .
i 've been an every-night light drinker for years and while it 's not a major life problem i have been more motivated to go totally sober in the past year without real success .
there is r/3rdprecept which takes a buddhist slant on nofap and similar endeavors and i had the idea of starting up a fifthprecept subreddit for anyone interested in cutting out or reducing their use of alcohol weed or any other drugs .
i think it would be nice to have a repository of info combining buddhist sources with secular sources on this topic as well as a place to talk through challenges and motivations from the perspective of buddhist practice .
there is also a sector of people who would take on something like alcoholics anonymous but are scared off by the insistence on submission to a higher power many atheists seem to have trouble with this and it hinders their efforts to quit .
i believe a buddhist angle could be more agreeable and helpful to such people .
anyway i have the time and energy to start the subreddit moderate it and get it some exposure but i 'd like to get thoughts and an interest check from you good people before i do so
i am currently on a southern beach and have deforested a whole strip down a path near my base .
the most aggressive spawn i have seen in my area are raptors and sarcos .
but yesterday i was just minding my own business and bam !
a carno spawns right next to my base in that clearing .
i kited him away form the base with my pteradon then followed up with my raptor to kill him after he got in a fight with two trikes .
so the question is did my deforestation allow the carno to spawn in that area ?
some background this is mine and his first serious relationship .
we both have been with other people before our relationship but only for a few months .
he is a recent college graduate and i graduate in december .
he is currently training in the military in another state so we have been long distance since august and plan to move in together when i graduate .
i have some depression/anxiety problems and so i wonder if these thoughts are caused by them .
hi all i 've been feeling a bit restless for the past couple of months regarding my relationship with my boyfriend .
i love him very much and honestly i ca n't picture me or him being with anyone else .
since i 've been with him i do n't even look at other guys .
we have talked about marriage a few years down the road and both have similar life goals .
in the most cliche way you could say we are perfect together he 's respectful caring honest and attractive and i do n't think it 's possible for me to find a better guy for me .
we 've grown so close and comfortable this past year and a half and i really enjoy his company .
however i 've been feeling weird since about august .
i love him but something feels off with me and i 'm not sure what it is .
i went to see him last weekend and everything was great i enjoyed spending time with him and realized how much i missed him .
these weird feelings have really been eating away at me and i have told him about them when they first came up .
i know now that it 's normal for the butterflies '' to ebb and flow later on so i really want to figure out how i feel and solve this problem .
i do n't want to ignore it because i know that it 's a personal problem that would come up even in later relationships .
i have also had a fear of commitment in the past and used to be a bit of a heartbreaker which i feel awful about now so i also wonder if i 'm freaking out a little bit because we have become so serious ?
how can i figure out if i 'm bored with my so or just comfortable ?
since fishman island i 'm beginning to think that franky might be the new 3rd most powerful strawhat .
i mean he can tank countless hits and his engineering skills have built what is essentially an artillary unit for the strawhats brachio tank franky shogun not to mention his body has a ton of weapons/functions all built in .
hey vaporents i 've had my solo for almost two years now .
just today i noticed that when i turned it all of the way up to 7 the heat light began blinking much more rapidly than it normally does and the 7 '' light would not turn on .
i also noticed that it was producing much more vapor than i expected i was at the end of a bowl and i suspect it was getting hotter than normal .
fearing combustion i turned it off and now have it charging .
is my solo dangerous to use or finally on its way out ?
this is bullshit blizzard gave shaman totems ... totems that have 1 purpose or are dependent on other minions to be useful .
totems are supposed to support/buff oriented thus mana flametongue vitality all make sense .
i also completely agree that the hero power for shaman should be summon a totem and that the class should have totem minions but that should be the end of it !
thus the base minion synergy of the class is composed of low health support low synergy option minions .
the three class elementals four with al'akir we have are tough to deal with and have great abilities .
consequently anything else i want to download gets queued and has to wait on witcher 3 to finish installing but its been stuck at 99 for quite a while
for some more info i have a 2tb external hard drive .
5 '' 10 18 160lb i have been lifting for a year and a half now and recently decided to revive my athletic interest .
i changed from long distance to track 200/400m and will be training once a week .
what 's the best programme to follow to increase my sprint speed while also increasing strength i.e a powerathlete .
has anyone had a hard time getting their disk replaced by microsoft after purchasing your game at best buy ?
i just spent 2 hours trying to get it replaced .
the receipt says xbx1-halo 5 guardians limited and there is n't enough room for it to fit xbx1-halo 5 guardians limited collector edition .
the agent would n't replace my disk even though they could see that my receipt said i paid 249.99 .
i 'm not talking about the basic youtube watermark .
i 'm talking about a watermark that is in/on my video not just layered on top of it .
here is an example of one of my videos .
https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=qdrazwj3bq4 it does n't have a watermark .
here is an example of a video with a watermark .
https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=jrhjhh3ik6m the watermark is in the lower-left .
if it helps i use windows movie maker which i do n't believe lets you add watermarks onto videos .
thank you all so much for participating in our three giveaways this past weekend and for taking advantage of our weekend juice sale which is n't over quite yet !
always a pleasure to get to chat with you guys when i 'm able to let 's dive in shall we ?
coupon code weekend15 saves you 15 on our colossal selection of 90 !
save an additional 1 on most space jam http www.vapecentric.com/space-jam flavors that 's on top of the 15 discount !
it should be painfully obvious by now that we 're seriously committed to bringing all of ecr 's favorite juices to vapecentric .
now you can get your nana cream http www.vapecentric.com/nana-cream-bombies your placid http www.vapecentric.com/placid-adirondack-30ml your sammie http www.vapecentric.com/sammie-centerfold-vape-co your vanilla custard http www.vapecentric.com/vanilla-custard-gremlin-juice your lenola cream http www.vapecentric.com/lenola-cream-kite-in-cloud-30ml and now even your snake oil http www.vapecentric.com/snake-oil-seduce-juice and jezebel http www.vapecentric.com/jezebel-seduce-juice without having to place six separate orders at six separate shops wasting your hard-earned money on shipping with each separate order !
what are you gon na do with all the money you save on shipping ?
let 's say you buy every two weeks from 3 different shops just by shopping with us you 'll save 6 every two weeks at 3 shipping each shop that 's over 150 a year in savings !
then add in all you save with our coupon codes and you 're easily saving hundreds upon hundreds of dollars every year .
that 'll basically pay for an extra vacation every year !
me i 'd spend it all on tacos pizza and booze personally
you can always find recently added juice brands in our new arrivals http www.vapecentric.com/new-arrivals section check out our deals steals http www.vapecentric.com/deals-steals section for even more bargains stay on top of what 's hot with our regularly updated weekly best sellers http www.vapecentric.com/weekly-best-sellers section !
i try to update it pretty regularly to reflect the previous 7 days ' sales to keep things as up-to-date as possible for you .
we now carry seduce juice http www.vapecentric.com/seduce-juice including their new magnum opus http www.vapecentric.com/magnum-opus-seduce-juice !
by flavor suite http www.vapecentric.com/burst-flavor-suite-30ml pretty much the world 's most perfect starburst vape !
the raging donut http www.vapecentric.com/the-raging-donut-foodfighter-juice-60ml by food fighter juice !
new from the makers of the raging donut pound it !
by food fighter juice http www.vapecentric.com/pound-it-foodfighter-juice-60ml 60 ml of rich lemon pound cake with zests of lemon and sweet frosted icing .
dewwy boba http www.vapecentric.com/dewwy-boba-30ml the new flavor from the makers of jazzy boba http www.vapecentric.com/jazzy-boba-eliquid !
game over by flawless juice http www.vapecentric.com/game-over-flawless-60ml a delicious mix of fruit loops and vanilla ice cream 60ml bottles !
milk man muffin man and rocket man from one hit wonder e-liquids http www.vapecentric.com/one-hit-wonder back in stock !
now the lucky winners who each get to choose any one 30ml bottle or any two 15ml bottles from vapecentric http www.vapecentric.com are ... .
i 'll be in contact with all 3 of you within the next couple days to get all the relevant details so until then take a look at our selection create an account on our site if you have n't already and start narrowing down your choices !
your prizes will ship out once we get caught up on orders from this sale .
thank you to everyone who participated and took advantage of our sale and if you did n't win do n't fret we have lots more to giveaway soon !
coupon code weekend15 saves you 15 on our colossal selection of 90 !
juice lines http www.vapecentric.com/liquids through tonight 10/20 at 11:59pm !
save an additional 1 on most space jam http www.vapecentric.com/space-jam flavors that 's on top of the 15 discount !
and as always code reddit11 is good for 11 off almost every item every single day because we love this community so damn much that it literally hurts it hurts so damn good .
i hear a lot from people that their experiences with teachers and professors were largely negative though it 's hard to believe in the enormous mass of teachers there has n't been one that made a mark on a person .
i 'm sure there 's someone out there that 's perhaps taught you something incredible or has inspired you even in a small way or has helped you out with something .
ca n't speak for myself since i was a truly average student through and through .
i 'd like to rest a case where a custom err ... is returned from a function .
unfortunately one of the cases in my error enum is ioerror io error which means i can not derive partialeq automatically not implemented on io error .
is there some easy workaround for this or should i just implement custom partialeq that disregards the argument of ioerror ?
what do i change in the main.js for the time to be the same like its a few hrs ahead of the real time ?
psn bohreffect might try for flawless raider while we 're at it .
if so i 'd like to play with some other people rather than run around alone on my own computer .
my steam name is yamamushi '' if anyone wants to play together
i 've seen some of his recent appearances and they do n't seem very out of the ordinary .
i guess his older appearances are more shocking '' aka attention seeking and interrupting the host half the time .
how about a tweak to enable 3d touch on older model to access multitasking
note i only tested this on an s6 edge so i can not guarantee this will work on the normal s6
after upgrading my s6 edge to 5.1.1 i experienced the connectivity issues that have been described here and elsewhere .
specifically when connected to wifi and lte i would not receive sms messages and any phone calls would go straight to my voicemail .
the only solution was to change the network to wcdma/gsm .
after calling telus a bunch of times and trying multiple fixes new sim card network reset factory reset on the phone i finally got a tech support rep that admitted there are currently just under 300 open service tickets regarding this issue and telus is working with samsung to get a software update .
in the meantime he recommended that i stay on wcdma/gsm until an update is pushed out .
after researching on multiple support forums i have found a solution that fixes this .
it seems that when the modem file was updated in 5.1.1 it was not properly tested on telus and contained the bug as described above .
the solution is to downgrade to a previous and stable modem .
you do not have to have a rooted phone nor will you lose any data .
files need first to be downloaded to a windows pc
on your phone go to settings about device and note your baseband version .
if it does n't end with og2 this fix should work
boot your phone into download mode by pressing and holding volume down home and power keys at the same time release all three buttons when s6 screen flickers and you see a warning sign and finally press volume up to continue to the main screen of recovery mode .
run odin as an administrator right click on the exe and select run as administrator
click on the cp button and select the modem.bin file you downloaded from the link above
reset time are selected under the options tab in odin
after a bit your phone will reset and you can unplug your phone
once it has reset on your phone go to settings about device and look at your baseband version .
note i only tested this on an s6 edge so i can not guarantee this will work on the normal s6
so i just want so good vibes really and a place to talk about a good fortune of mine .
share something good that 's happened or due to happen in your life and how it 's helping with the anything bad in your life .
for me i 'm selling my structured settlement that my mom put aside for me before she died almost exactly seven years .
it 's 75 thousand total in cash and i 'm giving 10 thousand to my dad no strings attached as a thanks for all his help selling it and my mom was his wife after all they left on good terms i really feel worse about his situation without a wife over me not having a mom .
which is really great for him as he only gets 19 thousand a year in social security checks .
i 'm buying a car for myself probably only spending 10k and putting the wide majority of the rest in the bank/paying for college .
trying to do a quick run please be an exp group
some credit to weirdobob aka good ol ' grandpa sniper
lego indiana jones the original adventures in bad condition .
blue 3ds xl used comes with charger carrying case and 32gb sd card
i ordered it instead of a u.s. one on accident
xbox one 1tb console halo the master chief collection bundle
trade completed with u/stephenthatfoste metroid prime trilogy for robin green yarn yoshi .
trade completed with u/freezeflare pikmin 3 super mario 3d land for meta knight pit ness .
trade completed with u/sd0729 mario kart double dash super mario galaxy 2 super smash bros. brawl for lucina ike
i 'm a jungle main would pref to duo with a mid or top main .
i 'm sorry bonnie it 's a bummer ... in reality you 're as dumb as they come ... and i needed those animatronic destabilizes real bad and i had to give them up just to get chica and foxy off my back .
so now we 're gon na have to go get more .
and then we 're gon na go on even more adventures after that bonnie .
and you 're gon na keep your mouth shut about it bonnie ... because the world is full of night guards that do n't understand what 's important .
but if you stick with me i 'm gon na accomplish great things bonnie and you 're gon na be part of 'em .
and together we 're gon na run around bonnie we 're gon na ... do all kinds of wonderful things bonnie .
the outside world is our enemy bonnie ... we 're the only ... . friends we 've got bonnie !
freddy and bonnie and their adventures bonnie.. freddy and bonnie forever and forever a hundred years freddy and bonnie.. some ... things.. me and freddy and bonnie runnin ' around and ... freddy and bonnie time ... a all day long forever.. all a a hundred days freddy and bonnie !
forever a hundred times ... . over and over freddy and bonnie ... adventures dot com.. w w w dot at freddy and bonnie dot com w..w..w ... freddy and bonnie adventures.. ah hundred years ... .. every minute freddy and bonnie dot com ... . w w w a hundred times ... freddy and bonnie dot com ... ... . ''
so i moved to madison wi after teaching in south korea for a few years .
i couple of friends let me stay at their place for one month while i looked for a job and an apartment .
i 've found a job but apartments have not been as forthcoming .
my presence in their apartment was starting to violate their lease agreement so my friends told me to leave on the 8th of this month .
i 've been couchsurfing and staying in a hostel since then but my options are running out .
i can move into my apartment as soon as i get paid at the end of the month .
i could have moved in today but i 'm 200 short for the security deposit .
this does n't seem to be a very good town for homeless people .
every time i walk to work i see dozens of people camped out all around the capital square .
if anybody reading this needs a place to stay in madison for a night i will be more than happy to help once i 've moved into my place .
i will be staying at a place i found via airbnb until monday morning .
then i 'm getting on a bus and heading to illinois where i have friends willing to take me in for a week since they are in the process of moving out .
i will of course help them clean and move .
on friday at the end of the month i will get paid and move into my new apartment .
i 'll talk to the landlord and see about couchsurfing .
so any advice or help would still be appreciated .
fxaa works by blurring edges to help mask aliasing .
it 's considered a cheap '' form of anti aliasing .
it does n't take as much power as msaa but it also blurs a lot .
i was wondering is the blur less noticable at resolutions such as 4k rather than 1080p ?
i 'm wondering if fxaa/smaa blur based on the size relative to the screen or for a certain amount of pixels say a 2 pixel wide line blur .
obviously msaa or supersampling is too intense for a video card if you 're running a game at 4k .
i 've heard that while aliasing is n't as bad in 4k it 's still noticeable without aa .
would fxaa work well in 4k or would it make everything so blurry that it defeats the purpose of 4k ?
basically it comes down to is the blur based on a particular amount of pixels or does it blur a percentage of the screen thus making it bad for 4k ?
if it just blurs the edges for say 2 pixels i can see it being a lot better in 4k since the blur is much less noticeable than at 1080p .
a 2 pixel wide blur would be like 1/1000th of the screen 's width at 1080p while a 2 pixel blur would be 1/2000th of the screen 's width at 4k thus making the blur smaller at higher resolutions .
that is of course assuming that it works this way which is what i 'm wondering .
would highly preferred dead stock at minimum 8/10 condition .
i am after the white ones as well as the black ones .
anyone have a story that just annoys the crap out of them ?
for me it was the spider man black issue for 9/11 .
magneto would not care he has killed more people than that .
dr doom and fisk would only have cared if there was something they value in wtc .
all the more reason to make paying off debt and saving for retirement priority numero uno and teach your kids how to avoid student loans .
need to run undying mind strike for touch of malice quest line
to join add your gamertag to the game lobby here https www.the100.io/quick_join/7_msr1xias4 https www.the100.io/quick_join/7_msr1xias4
or you can reply to me here on reddit .
i 'll send invites on a first come first serve basis .
you can also use the chat on the game lobby page to communicate with me .
what have i missed out on and what 's the quickest way to catch up ?
i will be arriving at haneda airport at midnight and wo n't be able to utilize any of the transportation .
i will need to take a taxi but before i do that i need cash .
i understand that there are plenty of places to exchange money at haneda airport but i 'm going with limited cash so i want the best exchange for my money .
i plan on just going to a seven eleven atm and taking money out that way .
my question is for the best exchange rate should i walk outside haneda and use a seven eleven atm or should i just use the seven eleven atm in haneda airport ?
whenever she does something bad like be disrespectful she talks about bad stuff i did in the past not present .
our alex static is in need of a good scholar .
we 're a new group that just started on tuesday .
our scheduled raid times are tues fri 8pm 11pm est with optional saturday nights .
6/8 of the members belong to a fc but that is not required of you .
we all have minimal experience and are starting fresh on a1s so while experience is welcome it is not necessary or expected .
ideally we would like someone who is interested in learning and progressing with the group for the long haul .
as we are late to the alex savage party our goal is to clear a4s and be caught up prior to 3.2 .
please post here if interested or shoot me a tell/mail in game .
jag har precis börjat leka lite med en rtl-sdr-dongel och jag undrar om någon vet vad för frekvenser som brommaradarn använder ?
läste 1310 mhz på scanner.nu men det verka inte stämma det kan ha varit den gamla radarn som hen syftade på ?
hoppas att någon radioentusiast i stockholm kan hjälpa mig !
and i know you 're gon na be all right
and i know you 're gon na find your way
but all i wan na do is make it through to the other side
i mean it 's been only ... .~60 years or so ?
ca n't believe how something that was well known as protectors of the galaxy devolved so quickly into fantasy and myth .
pretty sure millions of people are still alive between then and the force awakens
also with han solo 's initial disbelief of the force being hocus pocus magic '' and all
for example i believe in missouri it 's a felony to make more than 20 of your earnings in a year from gambling '' or something to that effect .
if you live in missouri travel to las vegas and legally gamble and win a massive tournament are you a now a felon in missouri even though the gambling did n't take place there ?
msi 970 brilliant fit the top heat pipes just miss top of case by a mm or so .
msi r9 390 well ... .i would n't recommend at all !
the extra width of the card meant the side panel dust filter had to be put on the outside and the fans at full speed would hit the grate occasionally .
oh and this is a terrible card in the 250d !
no room for air to escape so getting very very hot .
msi 980ti all seemed well until putting the top cover on .
the two 8 pin power lines stick up above case height by a good 8-10mm or so .
so sliding the top cover back on with say a medium/firm push sealed her up .
so yeah im happy with the 980ti 's fit but some custom cables might be better .
im using the corsair rm550 with flat black modular cables
i bought the last two cards not knowing and just throwing this out their .
welcome to frenzy season 4 https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=zyjgbkymfeo !
this season was a random team of two gamble .
gamble is a game mode where more than simply getting the ore will occur when you mine an ore .
the original idea for a scenario like this was created by u/crimson5m but his original gamemode was remodled by coolestorange and joeylink and skripted by u/ilikepie212_123 we had 26 players participate in this uhc so enjoy !
frenzy is a recorded round organized by coolestorange and joeylink where each season has it 's one twist to make uhc more crazy and eventful than normal .
our first season meetup frenzy https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=wiyg5hh7gtc was announced on january 4th of 2015 and was a ffa meetup frenzy !
season two fire frenzy https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=5rtd6r42u5g was a random team of three go to hell and was anounced on febuary 24th .
our third season blast frenzy https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=0iw39abrd98 was a captains team of four bombers and was n't released until july 12th .
new episodes for frenzy season 4 will come out every other day at 22:00 utc 6 est
vote on the winner for based on this episode http www.strawpoll.me/5796672 a different straw poll will be made each episode to see how votes change
xjesterrr timed out could n't log back on in time
my friend is using 2 980 ti 's and everytime we put the game in 4k it just flickers .
even with vsync on frame limity changes in the sli mode .
my router doesnt let me change my dns so if i want to watch netflix i 'm on portugal trying to watch content on us or uk on my computer i can configure it on that device .
if i want to watch something on my android i can configure my vpn on that too .
but if i do cast because the chromecast it 's connected to the wifi/router it 's says that the movie it 's not available in my country .
so is there a way to configure a vpn/dns directly on chromecast to bypass that ?
i 'm looking for people to play duo q hl with or just mess around with in qm .
i 've recently ran into a bad streak so i dropped some ranks so maybe it would be good to find some others to play with .
in the past it was a better way to play but lost some of my regular friends to diablo iii i find playing duo q just way more enjoyable .
i 've been playing since i got a key from khaldor in january or february played around 1400 games have 17 shiny gold heroes and 16 on lvl 9 .
i 'm dutch mature have a working mic and online most afternoons evenings .
if gaming what kind of performance are you looking for ?
post a draft of your potential build here specific parts please .
http www.reddit.com/r/buildapc/wiki/pcpp do n't ask to be spoonfed a build read the rules !
pcpartpicker part list http ca.pcpartpicker.com/p/r44ggs price breakdown by merchant http ca.pcpartpicker.com/p/r44ggs/by_merchant
just want to be sure about the parts i have chosen .
i am looking for a sealed in plastic and unopened na kapp'n card 005 this would have come included in the happy home designer game case or 3ds bundle .
if you have one still sealed let me know which cards you are looking for and i can make you a nice customized bundle for your one sealed kapp'n card .
azog the defiler was in my opinion one of the strangest additions to the hobbit films simply because there is no real reason for him to be there .
i mean if you made bolg the main villain his motive would be clear and simple he wants to avenge his father .
so in response to this bolg has become the main villain in the scripted edit .
his first mention will be in the goblin caves where the goblin king mentions the price on thorin 's head etc .
after the dwarves escape bolg will appear and chase them into beorn 's home .
this is where balin will explain the backstory between thorin/azog/bolg to bilbo .
however rather than going off to dol guldur bolg will continue to track the dwarves until the barrel chase happens which will act as the climax to the first film/script .
afterwards is when bolg is sent back to dol guldur to become a 'commander of legions ' which will make him do what azog did in the third movie .
i just thought i should clue you in about what my plans were for this whole subplot .
i do n't have a chamber vac so it would be in a bag .
i have so much more stomach capacity and hunger now .
i would go to the gym every other day and eat as much as i could but i was making super slow gains that also drop down back to the start quickly .
then i started to push myself to eat more and using my vape w weed allowed me to devour anything i wanted .
it 's all about eating ladies and gentleman so for me this is what made the difference .
so i 've been doing some research into a new product category to jump into and came across a seller who has been killing it on a prohibited item .
estimated monthly sales are around 100k with limited competition 300 five star reviews and they appear to have been selling the product for about 5 months .
the seller appears to be getting away with it by classifying the item slightly different than what it really is .
it 's tempting to jump in and do the same thing but i 'm wondering how rampant and acceptable this type of behavior is ?
edit i said restricted in the title but really meant prohibited
this is mainly a vent post but i 'm interested in hearing what people have to say .
when i was a junior in high school i met a girl then a senior who i 'd seen around but never spoken to .
we shared a similar class and somehow started talking and we both discovered we enjoyed smoking weed .
we quickly became really good friends at which point she introduced me to her then boyfriend of 3 years .
he was an okay guy that slowly turned into an asshole and the only reason i hung out with him is because she was his girlfriend and i liked hanging out with her .
eventually they broke up and we ended up getting closer and eventually slept together and when he found out he made her choose between me and him .
she chose him and i was closed out of her life for about two and a half years .
fast forward to a couple weeks ago they are now broken up for good and i get a message from a mutual friend we shared saying that she 's back and that she wants to start hanging out again .
i can honestly say i never blamed her because her now ex boyfriend was a manipulative douche bag who had her mind wrapped around his finger .
since then we slowly got back into a rhythm of hanging out and now i see her all the time to hang out talk and smoke cigarettes .
we can spend hours talking about anything and it feels like no time has passed .
it very quickly began to feel like old times again and now it feels as if that two year period never happened .
i also began to realize that the feelings i had for her then never changed .
i had liked her a lot before but now i 'm starting to feel something deeper .
i look at her and see everything i could ever want in a girl and i know that i would do anything for her .
the only problem is that now she is seeing another guy who treats her well and she really likes .
it makes me really happy to know that she 's happy and is being treated how she deserves to be treated .
it does n't bother me so much that she is happy with another guy but i ca n't help but have these feelings for her .
she is easily the best friend i 've ever had and i could n't be happier that she is moving on with her life .
i just kind of wish it could be with me .
tl dr my long lost best friend came back into my life .
we 've been spending time together and i realized that i had feelings for her and now feel i might be in love with her but she is seeing someone who makes her happy .
all i remember is she had black hair she was skinny she was topless but she was wearing jeans .
it was n't censored and she was either crouched or down on her knees .
for the longest time the mail program would only auto-fill in names of friends or guildmates but now when i email my alts the program will auto-fill my ross-faction toon 's name as it would a friend or guildmate .
this is a very minor feature but one for which i have been waiting for a very long time .
any donations would be helpful i am looking to raise 2,500 dollars .
your donations can help people in need of treatment to improve their quality of life .
while there is no know cure treatment will greatly lengthen the lifespan of people affected by this .
i am not asking for money that goes directly to my pocket you are welcome to donate directly through mda at the following link .
thank you in advance for your help and generous donations !
if you have an idea for bpotw send me a message https pay.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=key95 subject=bpotw suggestion .
this is the first box i 've ordered and i 'd just like an idea on when to expect it ?
sorry for all the questions just a bit paranoid .
i 'm a sophomore in high school and i 'm having trouble in my classes .
i 'm taking 5 ap/honors classes and i 'm not doing to good .
i 'm passing but with low b 's or c 's .
this stresses me out because i feel like i 'm worthless if i ca n't get in the top 10 of my class .
as of now i 'm pony top 33 and i expect that to decrease .
i really want to go to the air force academy or nyu but the track i 'm on is making things seem bad .
like i said this bugs me and makes me feel horrible about myself .
loving this game but i have a few questions that i ca n't seem to find answers for .
in octo valley i can increase the capacity of my ink tank .
the next one is 1500 points but i have less than half that and have just about finished the single player campaign .
do i have to grind over and over to get more so i will be on an equal footing in multiplayer or are there other ways to expand it ?
i have seen players throwing heaps of bombs more than should seem possible in a row .
do i need to buy the gear that is there to make space for new gear or does it randomly generate when i enter the shop .
if i have missed a scroll can you find it when doing an amiibo mission or do you have to be playing the original ?
thanks and hope to see you on the battlefield !
i like music movies comics food fitness outdoors traveling and a lot of other stuff .
this takes off from a one shot i did a while ago child 's breath https www.reddit.com/r/hfy/comments/3fjyxw/childs_breath and apparently fits into the horrors from beyond category .
i recommend reading the one shot first for background .
that said i 'm trying to hammer out the finish before month 's end .
i was trying for two but it will likely end up in three parts .
the usual welcome of suggestions criticism and of course praise is in effect .
it 's a fast driving multilayered masterpiece of instrumentation suffuce with variable drum beats synthesizers and an ethereal mezzo-soprano haunting the background all building to a reality bending climax before slowly relaxing back down .
listen to it long enough and you will find yourself entranced time is forgotten and you 're swept along as it takes you up in its musical voyage .
he has n't even been on the scene for a year and the latest release by dj o'beirne proves he is not only on the cutting edge but defines it as he once again surpasses his previous offerings in the trance genre .
there 's an underlying rhythm call it a thrum or a beat to every reality realm dimension or wherever you call home .
if you 're attuned you can sense it harmonize with it and even influence it .
before the awakening before the stuffed army died and the veil of adulthood was ripped away scientists called it quantum vibration theory .
not much stock was put into it then but now ... well they need something to explain what some people can do these days .
for the hidden people for the eyeless queen ma'ab and the see'li court music was how they attuned to their realm and they were very much in harmony with the rhythm of their existence .
times had changed though and recent traumatic events forced the hidden people to make equally dramatic choices .
king ub'ron was forced to leave his maimed mate and travel the world of human in mufti .
the magic was subtle it had to be the weaving patterns were delicate .
when she was finished the sightless queen nodded to her assistant .
the tiny pix'i acili was not much larger than the mouse she fluttered over to and dragged into position until the pointer hovered over the 'burn ' icon and with a click started the finishing touches .
with the help of the machines of human ma'ab crafted messages and ub'ron delivered them in the hope of calling their lost children home .
sealing the small package in a white black and red box with an ubiquitous three letter logo on its side the eyeless queen handed it over to her two waiting messengers glynn nor jumping hyn as always tread carefully in the realm of human and return with glad news of my beloved ub'ron .
please. the two el'ves bowed deeply although their queen could not see the act formality and etiquette must always be observed especially in the see'li court .
jumping one onto the other 's shoulders they cast their most powerful glamour .
the two el'ves left the hidden realm and emerged from a sídhe under the bridge of golden gates .
adorned in the guise of a human man in brown shorts shirt and hat with that three letter logo the two-el'ves-as-one began their journey to the meeting spot .
parker felt it long before he could hear the music he felt it days ago and miles away .
its power drawing him to this place club bacchus in san francisco .
an unspoken promise of sanctuary away from them awaited him here .
they had been chasing him for days without relent and every time he thought he gave them the slip they proved him wrong .
now from an alleyway across the street and the club finally in sight he felt his hopes rising .
until he heard that voice like liquefied gravel raking down his spine .
oh t'was a rightfully wicked chase ye led changeling morsel .
had ye known thine true self like some others ye may have made thine escape .
but ye do n't and ye did n't and now ‘tis time for this hunt to end.
no.. no ... ! he tried calling out for help from the line of people waiting their turn for entry to the club they were easily within were earshot but the music from inside was too loud .
he gagged on spikes that felt like ice as long spine covered fingers spread out from thin red hands and wrapped themselves around his head from behind forcing their way into his mouth .
he felt the violating digits elongate down his throat ripping and scraping his insides as he was dragged back into the preternatural dark of the alley where childlike chitters and giggles greeted him .
finish yer task in a timely manner wee ones and do n't neglect to dip thine hats the red brings yer eyes a glorious shine. there he was set on feasted on by nightmares nibbling ripping biting crushing slicing stripping crunching .
special agent in charge alan lyons was a man of contrasts not by design that 's just how he turned out .
his yellow shirt stood out in contrast to his dark slacks .
he had a barrel chest he was once told would be perfect for opera if his voice was n't also perfect for grinding metal .
in college they tried to recruit him for football and he probably would have been good at it but his passions lay with non-traditional sports of jai alai and ...
grey began peppering his hair recently which he thought gave him an air of distinction makes me look kind of like andre braugher '' he would say .
standing in the middle of the alleyway chewing a popsicle stick almost to paste he took in the grisly display of body parts strewn all over the place .
chewing helped calm his mind while he focused trying to get a read on the crime scene .
he had a talent for this but with each new body discovered the result was frustratingly the same .
nothing not the barest wisp of anything no aura no history energy or 'vibe ' not even normal background detritus .
he chased the bodies up and down the west coast and every scene he looked at had the same utter nothingness .
it is amazing though how much nothing can tell you by virtue of being nothing .
for example it told him he was right and the prevailing theory was bullshit .
the prevailing theory with the old guard supposed a pair of serial killers working together or maybe in competition .
alan did n't see it that way serials were always methodical and rarely ever so brutal .
there was never enough left of these bodies to tell if trophies were collected .
forensics would identify bite marks possibly from multiple small animals they would find internal injuries consistent with punctures from large gauge needles missing organs and body parts and save some oddly shaped smudges very very little blood .
no alan had his own theories which is why he pushed for his team in the a.i.d .
but even 15 years after the veil lifted and with all the changes the world and he had undergone since then his theories were n't popular with the old guard of which he used to be a part .
special agent beth franks was not with the old guard she was a 'scully ' .
one of the uncommon new breed of agents finally trickling into the ranks of the agency over the last few years .
they studied mystic over method tended towards less fight and more folklore .
years ago the old guard jokingly referred to the up and coming new breed as mulders and scullys .
beth had no idea why until alan explained the reference .
she did n't see how the joke was apt but she did know from experience that owning it would eventually diminish the contempt the rest of the agency did n't know it felt towards her and the new breed .
so while it may have started out as an inside joke thanks to agent franks ‘mulders and scullys ' has slowly been accepted into the common vernacular by those agents following the unusual career path in the awakened investigations division of the fbi .
she let alan finish doing his thing before talking parker anderson 21 intern with jetstone records in los angeles .
the only thing identifying the body is his wallet .
i contacted the field office in l.a. they 'll interview coworkers friends and family but i 'm betting he fits the same pattern .
starts acting strange disappears and a few days later turns up in a different city .
having taken it all in agent lyons turned to his partner when forensics is done and the locals have had their piece ship the remains to sacramento to put with the others .
i 'm going to draft a request to the awakened council it 's high time we found ourselves a necromancer.
necromancers are n't easy to nail down are n't they all a little ... '' she did n't finish instead she twirled her finger in a circle by her head and gave a small whistle the universal sign for 'bonkers ' .
yeah '' he said but i know a guy who might know someone . ''
trance music it spoke to her like nothing else it got under her skin in that tingly feel-good way and stayed there .
she did n't know how it did that it should n't be able to but she was n't going to complain about the effect .
if there was anything better in the world to listen to than dj o'beirne rachel sand did n't want to know what it was .
she needed to run needed to clear her head .
two days ago she was home in portland having a fight with her therapist dr. carter .
i 'm not a council lapdog i 'm independent . ''
there are only about a dozen necromancers in the world and the council feels if those skills are needed the exclusionary clause in the awakened privacy articles allows them to call on any who have n't been driven completely insane .
that covers you as well so while it 's true you 're only technically one you 're the most stable and qualified to fulfill the request . ''
i 'm not a ... she started again but realized the futility of her protest .
how could any of them think this is a good idea ?
what if somebody gets a look at me ? ''
if the fbi had somebody capable of handling true sight they would n't be asking for your help would they ? ''
look only a few members of the council are aware of your condition and even they signed the writ . ''
he paused for a moment before continuing people are being killed rachel .
i think that you of all people would take exception to that . ''
it was a low blow but she to concede he was right .
honestly i think your letting your fears get the better of you . ''
california has a lycanthrope on their state senate . ''
he pulled a file folder out of his desk and handed it to her this is background on the case and their contact information .
i know alan lyons i counseled him when he awoke .
he 's a good agent and a good person . ''
in the end rachel agreed although it was n't really a choice with that damoclean writ of command hanging over her head .
her own mother signed that 's what was most galling .
mrs 'keep your secret from everybody ' like she was princess elsa was telling her to work with the fbi .
what dr. clark said was true though about taking exception .
she was a child when she was victimized by an outsider .
when she learned of the repercussions from that incident her feelings were mixed but at least she knew her mother and then father felt just as strongly .
rachel respected their feelings so she would do her best .
now here she was in sacramento taking a brisk run through discovery park .
she must have been quite a sight topping out at just over five feet tall a hundred pounds sopping wet wearing running shoes and shorts with a sweatshirt and wearing a surgeon 's mask .
all alone having a jog in the middle of december at three a.m .
it was n't that she could n't sleep she did n't sleep not since she was four .
early mornings were the most boring time of day for her so she usually tried to pass it with physical activity runs walks workouts at the gym .
it gave her time to think and focus for the coming day and had the added bonus of helping to support her physical integrity .
almost tripping over the body of a homeless man was not what she would consider an ideal early morning activity though .
stopping she looked around but did n't see anybody to call out to not surprising considering the hour .
pursing her lips she knelt down next to the body and looked him over .
he was dirty old probably about fifty his beard more white than not very little hair on top .
his clothes were filthy and worn through all over .
it was cold out and his coat was missing but not his gloves .
she wondered with disgust if he was killed over something so stupid as a coat .
it was his eyes though that drew her in steely blue and still open wide .
his face frozen in a rictus of pain and shock .
taking another look to confirm nobody else was around tell me about yourself '' she said to him and pressed her fingers onto his eyes .
the spirit left only a few hours ago the light may be snuffed out but the body remembers .
a few hours or a few centuries it does n't matter a connection always remains be it a trickle or a flood .
the strength of the connection depending on the circumstances and condition of the death .
her eyes rolled back into her head until only the whites remained and the man showed her what she wanted flashes of memories like a bad clip show .
dennis hunched over a keyboard writing self discovery self repair redfern publishing closing it 's doors forever a manuscript in the trash empty beer bottles not hiring not hiring not hiring broken family yelling fights empty house forclosure wife and child gone do n't follow vodka bottles repo man took the car will work for food all alone beat up by kids just for fun whiskey bottles hungry shelter life make a friend kenny watch each other 's backs bathtub booze blackouts lost our way tremors spare any change culvert shelter lean on each other buddies voices whispering voices ...
it was fortunate nobody was around even in the awakened age the average person wandering by would find what they saw disturbing .
rachel 's eyes had glazed over with a sickly white film the flesh of her fingers appeared to fuse over the victim 's eyes .
the december chill made even colder as a translucent mist formed in a vague shape of the dead man floating above the body .
the visions continued ... spare any change tremors hungry whispers to kenny too thirsty in the park tonight we found a dropped wallet with cash money we argued i wanted booze kenny wanted food i hear the whispers in my head crying for booze he wanted food we yelled we fought we were weak we were not in our right minds i have a screwdriver i keep for protection we struggled he struggled harder i thought it would hurt i thought i would be cold i 'm sleepy is all i ...
that 's everything peeling her fingers off the eyes she stood and turned her milky gaze to the apparition and commanded take me to kenny . ''
it turned and moved off the path further into the park and she followed .
after a short while she found herself at the edge of an incline that led down to a culvert which connected the lake to the river .
about 20 yards away she could see a drainage pipe with the glow of a campfire coming from inside .
even from that distance rachel could hear the whispers and see the flickering shadows not cast by any light .
she said to herself and turned to her ghostly guide well dennis if you know what 's good for you you do n't go down there .
ok i get it but that 'll take some doing and i already have something else lined up first . ''
she held up a fist hey whatever 's next ... good luck . ''
she splayed her fingers wide dismissing the echo like mist in the wind .
squaring herself rachel made her way down the incline toward the tunnel .
as she got closer she could make the shades out easier and hear the whispers more clearly .
as she approached they scattered in a vain attempt to get away if shades of the dead had any fear left in them they felt it now .
but they were bound to this place and their only recourse before her advance was retreat into the recesses of the tunnel .
there was a rebar gate across the opening but age and erosion ate away at the barrier leaving an opening large enough for a reasonably sized adult .
climbing up rachel stood at the entrance and called out to a lone figure hunched against a wall by the fire about halfway down .
her voice echoed down the concrete shaft as she called out hello .
the hunched over figure gave a start ahh ! ''
scattering trash and empty bottles as he scrambled to put his fire between himself and the voice that woke him .
he demanded as he clutched a blanket in one arm and pulled out a short pointed metal object probably the screwdriver .
trying to sound as calm and reassuring as she could rachel started walking slowly towards kenny and his fire i 'm rachel and i 'm not here to make trouble .
i 'm dangerous ... '' he stammered while pointing the screwdriver in her direction .
i 'm ... a crazy necromancer and i 'll sic zombies on you ! ''
well '' she said as she stepped fully into the light of the fire which cast her white eyes in an eerie glow in that case i 'll be extra extra careful . ''
the quote i 'm trying to id the figurative language in is this is the penalty of telling the truth of telling the simple truth in answer to a series of plain questions. i 've id a epiphora in play here but was wanting something a little bit deeper .
i 've searched through literarydevice.net for about 40 mins and came up with nothing .
so i was wondering if anyone had any ideas they would like to share .
safety inspection and mechanics already exists for the current human truck drivers .
why would there be magically thousands more just because it now automated ?
sounds to me like you were n't the only drunk call that night and buddy got there first .
either she will realize she wants to be with you or not but hanging around like a lost puppy at her beck and call ins't the way to go .
maybe you can bring some cigarettes to a smoker in a cancer ward next !
i was pretty upset when i got my new macbook pro and it did n't have the battery lights .
say for instance the purchase of a small studio named hello games ?
i remember seeing a post here not so long ago regarding color schemes on different landing zones of different planes .
i think it may have been a subscriber 's vault but i am not 100 sure and forgot then name of the post .
yet another thing that was n't broken yet got 'fixed ' .
maybe one day they 'll finish their secret checklist and get to things we know are bad/actually broken .
oh okay i also kind of meant my question more broadly to anyone who would argue that this thread has any sense i mean the title clearly implies a connection to pc so i thought you meant it would have a connection p
because reddit loves to downvote without knowing what is actually right .
any chance you can make the logos without the added name at the top ?
i just went to tru and saw a couple of them in stock .
the price tag was 169.99 which is a lot more expensive then what i can find online .
even if you had the money i would suggest picking on up online rather then buying it from the store .
i bought mine a few months back from target and it was just below 150 .
i have more hours on ftl than i do on skyrim .
before anyone draws any conclusions they are moving because the a qatari technology education program offered him a free ride their and seeing as its qatar you know they are going to have a shit ton of money and treat him fantastically .
i did see something pretty unbelievable later on in the article though .
apparently the dude met with omar al-bashir https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/omar_al-bashir the president of sudan a dictator who made history as the first sitting president to be indicted by the international criminal court on charges of crimes against humanity .
i do n't know what this says about ahmed mohammed himself but whoever was organizing his meetings in washington did not do their research .
because we 're the only ones who are anticipating the robot uprising and someone 's got ta be able to gun down that server rack when it turns into a decepticon !
it really is amazing what people have to do to make the american dream work in this day and age .
bea arthur as the award card would have me chase that set
6 pounder at guns could quite happily penetrate it at your average engagement ranges of the time .
17 pounder at guns brought into service at about the same time as the tiger went into service could pen it at long range .
no but imagine if guys keep trying to talk to you every time you go past them .
after a couple thousand times it gets pretty annoying .
a board game that does with a bethesda product the same that starcraft the board game did with that glorious blizzard rts game .
it tells me these real life women are unattainable .
it calls me back to that warm sticky place .
that 's what happens when you fap for 15 years .
you do n't walk away from a lifetime 's worth of porn without longterm damage .
there lies within all of us the will to choose .
dude invest in good face wash stridex clearasil face blotting shit etc .
my throat felt kind of scratchy around that time too .
by week 4 my libido had increased and my voice had definitely begun to change .
week 6 i noticed my toes were getting hairy .
i will also say i seem to have lost a little bit of patience and am finding myself flipping everyone off in traffic .
the majority of canadians do n't want there tax dollars being spent on an unending war in the desert .
if you still believe in fighting isis the kurds are looking for volunteers .
her hair falls down her back and she shakes it a bit so it settles .
to be fair it 's such a huge college town that when i was living there i 'm a brit but worked in boston for 18 months i barely encountered anyone with the stereotypical pahk the cah '' accent .
you clearly have no understanding of sports nowadays or liberalism .
there 's pickled jalapenos you can buy that are tamed '' .
they still have a little kick to them but wo n't burn your brain .
they could maybe change the power to lower rapid fire for anti-infantry fire .
they do something similar in the new jedi order to get through yuuzhan vong shields .
i doubt the movie will bother to explain that though .
obviously np would try to stupidly tp from the middle of their base and wk bought back and would try to stun to interrupt that .
any support with a force staff would do the same .
see i do n't think my mod can do that .
it has temp control mode which i use with my divine tribe 2.5 i have the ipv d2 which has temp control in joules them in wattage mode it 's in watts with the voltage changing .
so i have been running it anywhere from 15-22 watts making sure to draw heavier when i run it hotter to make sure it does n't get to hot .
and with the ceramic usually to finish off a small dab i have to use it for about 20 seconds and it gets pretty dang hot .
i hope i 'm not damaging anything but i do n't know any other way to use my source atm .
r/wetfetish tends to have a lot of clothed ones and then there 's also r/pee and r/peegonewild
i hope that auto shop goes out of business or get sued eventually .
people blink shotgun all over the place and dont give a shit about you or your opinion .
yes they are the worst people ever but they are playing the game the way they want too and within the rules .
glad they are paying special attention to the vita version ...
there 's too many series here that i want to read but ca n't possibly keep up with ...
feels like ae/decker is a toss up but you should definitely cut one for sssss .
also you should try to 2 for 1 or 3 for 2 trade to trade two good guys to get one great guy .
would give you some bench space to take a chance plus improve the top of your team .
i think it was 2010 even though my dad looks like he hasnt stepped out of the 90 's
yoda 's at a high point with this one .
just because his content is n't aimed at you anymore does n't mean it 's bad .
you just are n't the target audience anymore and instead of moving on you 're complaining about it .
but more seriously there are lots of things you can do to fall asleep more quickly .
breathing techniques avoiding your bed/bedroom when not sleeping and so on .
also if you live in a medical state i really recommend checking it out .
i know it 's the go to pot cures everything '' reddit logic but if you go to a good dispensary they will really work with you to find a product that helps you sleep with minimal high ''
hedge fund managers require far more talent and training than a kindergarten teacher and only get rich by successfully managing the wealth of others i.e .
sdk is only software to help implement oculus into games .
i 'll be seriously surprised if there will be no tools to bring support for other headsets soon after those games release .
well now i 'm going to have to go and watch a jackie chan movie .
.. not that jackie chan movie but definitely a jackie chan movie
i agree it 's not a big deal do n't know who did the downvoting .
just seems odd that it crept back in and did n't get wound out this time around i mean it was fixed once and it 's restricted to a small branch of code or it should be .
the version control system should be able to narrow it down fairly easily .
i 've heard that so many times just reading this triggered zavala 's voice on my head .
easel by inventables is the easiest but very limited on the types of stuff you can cut .
autodesk fusion 360 is a full cad/cam software and is free if you make 100,000 a year as a business .
it will take longer to learn but there are great examples available on youtube .
you 'll be able to design parts cad and even build the toolpath g code necessary to cut them cam .
it even has gcode output preferences for shapeoko and tinyg style controllers .
you for sure have nothing to lose on the software side by tinkering !
you can even import your g-code in to chilipeppr web based g-code tool to simulate the code running .
i have this plan and have the refer a friend unlimited data promo on one line .
the other lines use 2.5gb or under so 85 before tax !
i got super lucky that i got the discount late last year .
no idea either he has more pushing power than any adc already ...
guys michael ironside just made some guy 's head explode .
i 'm scanning my brain and i just ca n't catch it .
wow i was always under the impression that personal tax in the us was lower than canada but looking at your snapshot federal tax levels actually seem fairly similar !
i 'm having the same type of dilemma myself but i think your starting 2 rbs of foster and ivory are good enough to improve you receiving core with allen .
i 'd check on allen 's injury status first .
one time my cat rubbed against my leg and purred .
hxh would be a pretty poor example of a series with good female characters .
indeed considering it barely has any female characters at all.. theres biscuit and thats about all i can think of
yeah but he used stuff that was n't banned like bovine growth hormone so it 's not cheating .
and breaking guys ' fingers in the pile and spitting on opponents does n't necessarily make you a piece of shit but being a violent abusive law-breaking corrections officer does .
i always wondered why icebreaker and black hammer were merged at the same time ... and black hammer has a year 2 equivalent ...
for the relationship thing if you desire a significant other do not worry worry will not make your so come faster .
instead be happy where you are at as you are now which is single .
if you feel there 's a hole that needs to be filled a partner can not magically fill it .
instead come to the realization that you are already full beautifully content .
when you enjoy you for you that radiant you will be shining and that person will show up and fall in love with the best you that you can be 3 much love good things are to come just be ready .
he 's not the least bit like that old drunken king '' she screamed at her sister forgetting herself in her grief .
jackson should be wearing the same red jacket as all of them or nothing red at all .
made a corporate court lore video planing on doing videos about each of the big ten corporation later
shhh we are like gods to some of these people .
the other half are our bosses who dont understand anything but goddammit why is there feedback coming from cossette ?
omg your highlight is so funky i love it .
the video quality and audio is over the top .
music is not too loud which makes it easy to hear you .
the only thing is that i tend to look at the green manga girl in the background rather than looking at you .
my girlfriend and i are finishing up our second year doing a csa and we love it .
it was 425 for 17 weeks 25 a week .
they csa has two choices of sizes we get the smaller one .
we usually get about a dozen different things with directions on how to cook them and what to combine together .
usually could make 3 meals out of the stuff or just add things to every meal .
25 a week on veggies is pretty decent and it forced us to eat the stuff instead of just making crap .
we 're way too busy to go to the farmers markets since i work weekends .
last year we got a lot of weird stuff in the csa but they took a lot of feedback to heart and just gave us stables like lettuce cabbage carrots cauliflower radishes potatoes corn beets squash and so on .
every week was a bit different too like one week they sent a bunch of cucumbers for pickling early in the summer was way different than the end and so on .
sounds like there are a lot of shitty csas out there but if you get a good one it can be well worth it and not really any more expensive than going shopping especially if you know you wont get around to going to the farmers market .
well i cant disagree that is a much more complete and nicer wrapper around the win32 api but for a beginner it 's a lot of code to follow to try and understand how it 's working .
but what i posted does give you an understanding of how you call the win32 api to read from a process 's memory .
you 're the guy everyone puts up with in high school just to score weed .
thing is i have no history with those games .
i grew up with a nes snes and n64 and we did n't have a lot of money so i only had a handful of games .
nosql databases are sql databases using different syntax because it turns out you ca n't fool mathematics .
it is a key/value store and as such the complexity of certain operations differs from similar-looking ones in postgres .
p no but seriously great to have you here .
googling my real name gives you ... absolutely nothing to do with me .
ar is typically seen as augmented reality with some cool heads up display and data shown on top they 're differentiating this as mixed reality because they 're allowing actual virtual realities in the real world .
ok will go check that out dd thank you so much for the info
i just can not believe that there seem to be so many against it
so much of the concept of traffic relies on blindly believing and trusting thousands of strangers not to kill you by stupidity with their death machines .
if you 're a vip with the healing thing you should just rotate at the portal and keep rotating until they 're all healed and then go in .
so basically you 're saying you 've intentionally neglected to show that part in the post even though you remember what velocity is and how it 's conveyed .
you mean if a red and blue dragon make babies will they be purple ?
will they breath a line of fire and a cone of lighting at the same time ?
and here 's the great thing about those dragons ... you can pretty much take their lair actions and combine them give them two breath weapons on the same recharge that roll the same damage and at the end of the day the cr wo n't change .
it 's a really easy way to flavour up your world .
with mead it 's usually recommend that you transfer to a secondary fermenter after 3-4 weeks .
you might check out r/mead for more specific information .
as white i play e4 exclusively and will force ruy lopez if possible .
i just clicked on the first one born every minute episode i found on youtube and it was an episode where the baby was born prematurely probably previous pregnancy issues and died .
it gave no warning about it i was just is disbelief and shock watching the story unfolding thinking 'it 's fine i 'm sure it will end well ' thinking 'surely they would not show this on tv without some warning ? ? ' .
i watched it through floods of tears i got so distressed my husband could not console me at all for the rest of the evening i sobbed until i feel asleep.. no more one born every minute for me .
i just looked more into his life and see what you mean .
congrats you made me go back to the neutral standpoint .
lmgs and other weapons seem fine in my book but since he threatened innocents that 's where i draw the line .
damn straight ... spacerip is truly unparalleled in the quality of content without the financing of a traditional broadcaster .
give them all the subscribes likes and follows as you can .
i think scientists who have crunched the numbers of all the different conditions necessary for life and the odds against each have already concluded that life must be rare in the universe and earth 's complex life is an anomaly .
i do n't think we 'll find bacteria or any other life in our solar system and everything else is too far away for us to find within the limits of physics .
i hate to get rid of woodhead but i kind of need a miracle ... ..
i know what you mean did you take a pre-calc '' class ?
usually they throw stupid algebra at you to give you enough practice to focus on the calc part later .
why do people still tip if they make almost 9.50 an hour ?
what if someone downloaded your album and then said i 'm just using this album for fun if i ever decide to make money off of it by using it a djing gig then i 'll purchase it legitimately . ''
finally something new interesting and actually really damn cool tonight !
simple to do results way out of proportion with effort !
he was going after the churches that gave free meals to the students when the bsm did their freebie lunches on wednesday .
at least that 's what the director said back when that was happening .
it 's probably legit because you can make 2 copies that are able to cast decay with refresher .
would you be able to if you made a nest out of sandbags ?
except that the devs have done great things while celebs mostly just get nude or leak '' some porn to became famous .
... posted the science denier to the internet on his cellphone .
you 've been downvoted by the shocked and appalled white knights ... i hope you 've learnt your lesson !
my console has been registered but it 's still only the one year warranty ... .
false claims to be the church do n't detract from the truth of god speaking through his actual church .
this is n't roundabout '' it 's just how god teaches us .
if you try to hear him you will do so through his church .
and it can not be difficult to find out which is the true religion if only it be sought with an earnest and unbiased mind for proofs are abundant and striking . ''
your itemization vs tanks does not include a last whisper
i wish i had a cute image to reply in return but thanks !
is that the smash lucina meets meta knight comic ?
i still say the best thing to do is contact klab and make sure she has the previous transfer code she tried to input into the device .
sometimes these kinds of issues will occur depending on the situation but for now it seems like her account is sitting somewhere in limbo until then .
can you taste or smell food as somebody without synesthesia would ?
and are the taste or appearance of different words correlated to their meaning ?
and also above you mentioned that a calendar appears like a 3d circle of colors ?
like you look at a regular old paper calendar hanging in a wall showing only one month and then it just morphs into a floating circle of colors with all of the months ?
sorry i 'm just really confused lol but this is awesome thanks so much for the ama !
ohhhh it was so painful to read those tweets .
i do n't get this whole do n't idolize celebs ! 1 ! 1 ! 1 '' thing though .
it 's not like he made a politically incorrect joke or something .
he fucking ripped one person over just one fucking tweet to shreds it 's not idolising a celeb it 's about a person who can not meet the basic requirements for being a decent human .
also to the people who say we should 've expected this this is the man who wrote an episode about a person who was bullied to the point of suicide .
i do n't expect him to be a fucking bully .
i 'm glad they are not as dominant as people were predicting they would be .
i hope we wax them the rest of the season .
justin trudeau 's father pierre was a prime minister .
his grandfather james sinclair was a minister of fisheries .
prime minister benjamin netanyahu sparked public uproar when on wednesday he claimed that the mufti of jerusalem haj amin al-husseini was the one who planted the idea of the extermination of european jewry in adolf hitler 's mind .
the nazi ruler netanyahu said had no intention of killing the jews but only to expel them .
in a speech before the world zionist congress in jerusalem netanyahu described a meeting between husseini and hitler in november 1941 hitler did n't want to exterminate the jews at the time he wanted to expel the jew .
and haj amin al-husseini went to hitler and said 'if you expel them they 'll all come here to palestine . '
according to netanyahu hitler then asked what should i do with them ? ''
netanyahu 's remarks were quick to spark a social media storm though netanyahu made a similar claim during a knesset speech in 2012 where he described the husseini as one of the leading architects '' of the final solution .
the claim that husseini was the one to initiate the extermination of european jewry had been suggested by a number of historians at the fringes of holocaust research but was rejected by most accepted scholars .
prime minister benjamin netanyahu sparked public uproar when on wednesday he claimed that the mufti of jerusalem haj amin al-husseini was the one who planted the idea of the extermination of european jewry in adolf hitler 's mind .
the nazi ruler netanyahu said had no intention of killing the jews but only to expel them .
in a speech before the world zionist congress in jerusalem netanyahu described a meeting between husseini and hitler in november 1941 hitler did n't want to exterminate the jews at the time he wanted to expel the jew .
and haj amin al-husseini went to hitler and said 'if you expel them they 'll all come here to palestine . '
according to netanyahu hitler then asked what should i do with them ? ''
netanyahu 's remarks were quick to spark a social media storm though netanyahu made a similar claim during a knesset speech in 2012 where he described the husseini as one of the leading architects '' of the final solution .
the claim that husseini was the one to initiate the extermination of european jewry had been suggested by a number of historians at the fringes of holocaust research but was rejected by most accepted scholars .
the argument concerning husseini 's role was recently mentioned in a book by barry rubin and wolfgang g. schwanitz nazis islamists and the making of the modern middle east . ''
the authors like netanyahu draw a straight line between the mufti 's support of hitler and the policy of the palestinian liberation organization under yasser arafat .
but even these two researchers do not claim that the dialogue described by netanyahu ever took place .
they say hitler reached the conclusion to exterminate the jews because of his desire to nurture husseini who opposed the transfer of jews to pre-state israel .
there should be a kill switch either integrated in your client or as a utility that checks the link and takes down the client or the ip link when the vpn dies .
i posted a link to non-provider/client kill switches a while back .
if you ca n't find it here am on a mobile myself i 'll get back to you later .
i do n't know how you find snipers not good for a lot of pve '' they give you some of the highest dps in the game simulant is great for short fights but that 's about it the only encounters i would say a sniper is n't that useful for would be bond brothers and alak-hul .
and you can use your sword for close range encounters bolt caster is amazing for clearing add waves .
i could infuse any other weapon i get to 310 if i need to i just do n't see anything that can offer me more than what i have .
scout rifles are the primaries to use for pve and the hung jury is one of the best in y2 plus the firefly roll on it and imago loop with the good roll is literally a fatebringer without arc damage .
as cruel as that sounds it 's honestly more merciful than anything else that can be done .
by the looks of it i doubt it 's going to live very long and it has to be in a great deal of pain .
like duxbelisarius said what would become known as the sudetenland was actually a part of several other realms mostly bohemia and moravia two regions that have existed in roughly their current borders for centuries basically to this day and were distinct units – for administrative purposes and the like – even in the various forms of the habsburg monarchy .
look at a map showing europe around the eleventh century http upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/4e/central_europe_919-1125.jpg/1024px-central_europe_919-1125.jpg or this map of the czech crown lands from 1747 http upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/2/27/mapa c4 8cechy 2c_morava 2c_slezsko 2c_lu c5 beice_-1747.jpg/800px-mapa c4 8cechy 2c_morava 2c_slezsko 2c_lu c5 beice_-1747.jpg or this one from the end of the 19th century http www.artisans-lane.com/meyerskonversations/vol13/maps/images/0527724k6-osterreichungarn.jpg to see how largely unchanged these lands remained .
so strictly speaking there was no historical or geographic basis for the territory to stay '' with austria as it was not simply a part of austria or a discrete unit to begin with .
what it was however was a set of various areas with a large population of germans .
and very much in the general spirit of 1918 and onwards that is according to the principles of self-determination and various independent states emerging from the wreckage of austria-hungary these germans did indeed attempt to break away from the above historical borders .
following the collapse of the monarchy in november the four regions of deutschböhmen sudetenland a smaller territory in the northern part of moravia not the later overarching term böhmerwaldgau and deutschsüdmähren declared autonomy and tried aligning themselves with their austrian cousins in the short lived deutschösterreich german austria '' .
which was an entity that claimed the german speaking parts of the former empire not with a view of establishing an independent austria but unification with germany .
this attempt was opposed by the fledgling czechoslovakia as it tried to preserve the historical borders of its constituent lands for reasons of security and economy .
czechoslovak troops secured the regions in the early days of independence largely unopposed as the germans were unable or unwilling to force the issue .
their claims continued for several months afterwards however for example with plans for german austrian elections in the above regions which rather obviously did not take place or continuing civil unrest and violent protests which sometimes resulted in casualties .
furthermore and perhaps even more importantly the victorious powers of the great war had no desire to see a strengthened austria let alone an austrian province within germany .
again like duxbelisarius said the treaty of saint-germain-en-laye saw the above cemented by international support of the allies .
already in these events of 1919 you can see the beginnings of some of the tensions between czechs and germans which would culminate in the sudetenland during the build up to the second world war .
how many episodes last season ended with a wells tease ?
wow two out of three episodes this season have followed the same format i 'm so shocked !
this is a common brand where i 'm from .
it 's not great quality or anything more like something you would buy if you want something fast .
i tried to look up an australian equivalent which led me to a site for yanks down under '' or something .
everyone said to just make your own dough because it 's going to be hard to find in stores over there .
it 's just that 's what we 've been getting told things would be like if we set a high reduction target.. so now that you 're there how much do you regret trying to save the planet ?
it should n't that 's the correct course of action .
you do n't want to see bayley pushed it takes away from her underdog status .
if you push her you get a female roman .
i 've always loved thaumcraft but i 'm not a fan of some of the changes like with the light beams .
this show is set in the us where there 's at least one gun for every person .
as far as i 'm concerned the whole point of brewing is making your own deck that 's viable enough to actually compete against the top decks .
modern zur 's weirding prison will get shelved if i ca n't eventually figure out a way to build it that will work reasonably well .
if everything worked out immediately i would n't have any fun with it .
as for the card availability problems cards for brews tend to be cheap to pick up and anything that is n't snapcaster goyf etc .
i usually already have in my collection from using them in meta decks .
sounds like you 'd be happier playing a casual format .
will they should mentioned that within the requirements after few years 4k might be the standard for high settings
in terms of damage output only considering single hit moves at least it 's most probably lucario not zelda .
with rage aura anubis and without staleness he does a whopping 26 with it and it hits like a smash not quite a regular or good situation to be in though
league of legends the most popular game right now does n't have in-game chat .
it is n't worth arguing with your average person .
i did n't feel your statement was inclusive enough .
those that do or add or otherwise change a lot of things in the world such as graphic sound or game play overhauls have heavy resource requirements memory video scripting etc have a hefty download size etc ?
you can expand on this by adding electricity to glass as enhancer and fire as enhance for steel .
now you can easily explain that making isolators for the electric swords is much easier than handeling fire weapons
thing is no matter what movie we are talking about and how much of a classic '' it is there are always tons of people that have n't seen it .
case in point i did n't see the lord of the rings '' trilogy until almost ten years after they had been in movie theatres .
i also know people that have n't seen one or more of these films star wars rocky jaws the godfather jurassic park e.t. raiders of the lost ark ... .
well remember also that marcus 's stats in fe7 are a large improvement on his fe6 incarnation with higher growths everywhere and better base stats particularly in strength .
yeah but beyonce 's music is awful and her dancing is robotic .
i certainly could i 'm not very good at writing though .
i do n't honestly have many skills of any kind outside of knowing a lot of history and geography .
again reading comprehension is important you 'll note i said that these are his accomplishments .
marksman is a role like mage or assassin or tank .
ad carry is a position like top or mid or support .
quinn top is a marksman but not an ad carry .
morde bot is an ad carry but not a marksman .
i 'll defend that last point by saying that even if he builds ap everyone knows what you mean when you say morde adc .
honestly it just sounds like you have different love languages .
it sounds like your love language is gift giving .
and you need to receive gifts in order to feel loved in return .
personally i hate gifts i do n't like giving them and i do n't like receiving them .
when i love someone i say sweet things and i am very affectionate with them .
and i need my partner to do the same for me or i do n't feel loved .
instead i feel like i 'm always the person who 's giving '' in the relationship and that my partner does n't care about me .
it does n't matter how many thoughtful gifts my partner gives me those literally do n't matter me .
it 's true that on average women tend to need more gifts and quality time while men tend to need more touch and words .
however beyond the averages there 's plenty of men out there who like gifts and plenty of women who like touch .
you just need to make more of an effort to find those kinds of people .
do you want something a little more on the normal side ?
its good to hear even with dramatic turns that your life is moving on .
adrian peterson le'veon bell maybe matt forte and maybe chris ivory if part of a multifacet deal
india is among the countries with the largest surplus of men and a worrying under-five sex ratio with more girls dying before the age of five than boys according to a un report .
united nations india is among the countries with the largest surplus of men and a worrying under-five sex ratio with more girls dying before the age of five than boys according to a un report .
the world 's women 2015 '' report launched said men outnumber women in eastern asia southern asia oceania and western asia .
india has the lowest sex ratio in under-5 mortality with a ratio of 93 93 boys die before age 5 for 100 girls that die by that age .
this is also the only country with an under-5 mortality sex ratio under 100 more girls die than boys '' it said .
more girls dying before age five than boys in india un report http www.outlookindia.com/news/article/more-girls-dying-before-age-five-than-boys-in-india-un-report/917589
although i only considered their in house movement unico but the fact it also selling those cheapshit movement make me uncomfortable to spent that much top buy it .
even their unico movement compare to the ap 3120 in detail and design are like child play .
the reason i buy roo are because it 's flashhhhhyyy and i dont deny that but that 's just part of it the movement are like a person 's personality which hublot have almost none .
in my opinion it makes so much sense that they made jedi and sith more or less a myth .
notice that not many people witnessed luke/vader faceoffs in episodes iv vi and as many people in this thread says emperor supressed any knowledge of force in general .
also showerthought making jedi a myth makes it cool to watch a movie for new audiences because they heard stories about old star wars in real life and now they do in the movie .
fanservice is pandering to the audience and in this case them teens want their boob shots .
well my grand-grand-uncle was 80-something when he joined his sons during wwi and went to battle .
ended up in a folk song so he got what he wanted his name and honor is not forgotten
he would lose blood flow to the head and pass out .
we get new people all the time that literally do n't know what akb is .
we call members by their nicknames because it 's easier not because we 're fancy or anything haha .
if you do n't know about something you can just ask no judging .
no pressure or anything tho it 's just an invitation every person is different and in the end the important thing is to have fun but i think you could have a good time over there just do n't worry about the whole nicknames and stuff it 's just for convenience !
well obviously your game left an unremovable virus on our computer ! ! ''
vng is videonystgmography and is a precise way of measuring your eyes ' response to different head positions providing a window into the connection between the eyes inner ears and brain .
the results can point to central brain versus peripheral ear pathology and can determine which ear is the problem as well .
nope as soon as you send them you are good to go .
did anybody else try and press the x in the little box to exit out ?
i‘m with op though maybe i‘m a teensy bit less angry .
i can‘t believe hg haven‘t answered the most basic of questions .
star citizen‘s devs interact with their fanbase more ffs .
says the one who 's constantly obsessing about the fact that jose seems to be obsessing about someone else who obsesses about him ?
seems like you should start trading off your wr depth for upgrades .
if you chose sengoku would you like to trade your rayleigh for my fresh boa i just rerolled ?
they 're punishing us for jed york 's sins .
and in the eyes of the football gods that man has committed many sins .
that has worked before but in this instance and many others before that the gif is simply unplayable .
either way it 's just not worth dealing with twitter links as i see it .
as long as the wealthy can buy national media not shit is going to change .
raise crown authority to medium and put the checkbox to auto-stop plots that should stop most of the infighting .
proper organization of the realm so vassals follow de jure borders helps too .
could make everyone into bishops too they 're more peaceful than feudals although less useful as well .
claim wars can be stopped by murdering the claimant so if you have just one or two you can end them that way and let you change laws .
fun to play very grindy though with repetitive side missions .
most of the game revolves of flying between locations like any other space game .
ship customization and graphics are good no performance issues on a top end machine at least .
input seems to be made for a controller which i 'm using i think m+kb would feel a lot worse but someone else should comment on that .
yeah the girls of the aitu4 do n't get enough credit .
i was rooting for her extremely hard when it came down to her and ozzy for final immunity .
this post has been removed because an improper spoiler tag was used .
to properly tag a post with spoilers put one of the following at the very beginning of the title exactly as it 's written
so the tag ep3 spoilers '' covers episodes 1 2 and 3 .
please resubmit your post with a proper spoiler tag .
if you included a tag that was n't a spoiler tag please resubmit without that .
the only tag you should ever use is for spoilers .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/lifeisstrange if you have any questions or concerns .
quite a shame though cause i would imagine google could build some pretty cool dwelling if they were allowed to .
are they linked and is there a big payout at the end ?
i 've only done one the one where you rescue gerald fuckin gerald man .
he barely says a word for over two years and then he gets in the plane and he wo n't shut up .
i bring a car in to spend 800k and he still makes me pay the 300 bucks because i dinged it on the way there .
torres reconnects with her dad then goes to a klingon planet to do a survivalman ritual .
but she 's actually doing it to find her mother she does but her mother is killed by a wild animal .
janeway gets promoted to admiral and she hangs out with her ex-fiance 's family spoiler
paris reunites with his family and introduces them to his child .
doctor finds himself a little lost and underutilized just being a babysitter .
he gets contacted by a photonic beings rights activist he wants the doctor to be the face of the cause .
seven of 9 stays with her aunt and is greeted with a welcome party who admires the fact that she is no longer a borg .
icheb joins starfleet academy has a crush on a fellow classmate and tuvok for a teacher spoiler
tuvok is healed by one of his kids and reconnects with his wife .
kim sees his parents and old flame libby who has become a secret agent .
chakotay spends time with old marquis friends and family .
plot voyager crew is disbanded and the ship is being studied by starfleet .
there 's a photonic being strike/revolution that turns deadly .
there is an outbreak that is later revealed to be borg nanoprobes assimilating terrans .
the doctor seven of 9 and icheb are jailed because of their ties to the situation by starfleet brass .
voyager bands together and enlists data to free them .
while libby discovers discovers details about the borg plot and shares it with voyager .
the crew come up with a plan to free their friends and stop libby 's boss a borg queen .
are you seriously trying to compare plot holes and inconsistencies of a movie to plot holes and inconsistencies of the book your religion revolves around ?
i think if the show had a spinoff where they focused on one asian country per season would be really cool .
title goes 'asian horror story ' followed by a subtitle of the season '*japan ' '*indonesia ' and so on .
since i 'm from malaysia i 'll do one about that .
the overall location would probably be like a mixture of small villages and the big cities moving around is something a lot of malaysians do to make a living .
there would probably be a lot of witchcraft and black magic involved and it would make for great drama when it clashes with some of the oppressive muslims and lgbt discrimination .
it 'll be like an infusion of asylum and coven with a touch of freak shows .
the english colonization will play some part to add lore as well as the japanese invasion crossover is possible here as well as older stuff .
malaysia attracted and housed many people from many different places so will open up a lot of possibilities for cross over and stuff .
ghost will of course be apart of the show things like pontianak female vampires they 're kind of like sirens too and something called an orang minyak oil man which is a humanoid man who is all black or is made out of oil that rapes young girls .
there are other ghost to that can be used but this are the only prominent ones right now .
for seriel killers i do n't think there 's much they ca n't get serial killers are rare here and i 'm thankful for that .
there have been a lot of high profile murders though like mona fandey a shanwoman who beheaded one of her clients altantuya a mongolian super model who was blown up into smitherines
we 're not short on seriel rapist though i never bothered to learn their names but there was this one guy was was like really into dark witchcraft stuff halimunan or something was part of his name .
he raped like 60 girls and young women or something around that many in their sleep by breaking into their homes he said that he used a common mint candy and '*enchanted ' it .
put it in the girls mouth or was it their vaginas ?
and they wo n't wake up i know right its messed up .
he eventually got caught before he reached his goal he said his spell failed and people saw him because he held a baby .
he must 've a child in the past or something mommy issues maybe ?
a country specific horror story season i would love to see are japan thailand and indonesia .
they have so much folklore myths and legend as well as big historical event that could make up for a really great story .
so i can just jump out of the windows .
this report proves the bias against the ira but when its a loyalist paramilitary nothing is said .
this report contains much more about loyalist paramilitaries than ira if you read it .
as for how they became slaves it 's probably similar to how any other slaves become slaves in the real world
erm i think it 's a little hard to picture when comparing capturable people to people who can just teleport whenever they feel like it .
jane we 're going home because mikey is hitting my son and you are n't stopping him .
if you invite me over again you need to be prepared to prevent this .
i 'm not going to let him get bullied . ''
that 's the dream having your kids hate you slightly less than your spouse .
because this is the internet sure it 'd be nice if people were decent to each other but that is n't reality .
report block and ignore them these are all options that you can use that are n't available in real life technically they are but come on that never works .
why should the onus to change be on the victim ?
so you can avoid it and its much easier that way even if one person was stopped there would still be more that can come back .
i truly fear for anyone 's well being in real life if they ca n't take people saying mean stuff online .
lol i just got back as the third out was recorded .
isis is the broken down remnants of the iraqi army that the americans foolishly dissolved .
they keep getting fed weapons via channels going to supposed friendly groups .
i 'm still on my boromir spirit glorfindel spirit merry kick but i just tried out a new one that is completely different ... but will be revealed in a soon to be published article .
with ep 6 i think we can say that ha joon is staying in the friends territory so no love triangle d. yeon doo is being a bit dense reminiscent of her character in reply 1997 but it can be forgiven because of all things she is going through and the hectic situation at sevit high school .
kim yeol 's character is changing from being passive to being more active and he says it is because of yeon doo at the very least to prevent her from suffering from the consequences .
true to his nature he is protecting yeon doo with a more calculative manner esp .
after yeon doo 's interview but also standing up in a very yd-esque manner in the classroom which yd calls him out on afterwards .
loving the skinship as well kim yeol is so direct with his affections d .
he gets targeted this episode and pulls off his scenes quite well .
soo ah is unsurprisingly as evil and manipulative as ever .
though i have to wonder at stage will she redeem herself because there seems to be no bounds ...
however she does display her repressed considerate side when she shouts at dong jae externally showing her guilt with anger and berating another person .
dong jae picks it up astutely and call her out on it .
we have a lot of things to cover so hopefully we continue on an upward trend d !
i 'd be pretty happy as long as i can retrieve them when i wanted and not at the same time
chances are you will be able to buy her before you manage to roll her .
he would n't last five minutes here with burke .
the heatsink came in today surprisingly fast and it works great .
also the ports in every modern imac even the white plastic ones have been on the back .
it took them a while to figure out how to do that .
thing is he did n't buy every available ticket .
he bought roughly half the tickets for one showing .
there 's more than one theatre in reno and more than one showing that same day .
there were still tickets for sale during that thread that people could have bought .
he did n't even buy the imax ones he bought the ones for a non-imax screening 2d at an imax theatre .
you could n't even make/test mods if they could only show up in your game through the site .
and even if they tried to do some kind of id system it would be cracked almost immediately and they know that .
plus it 's just intensely not in line with their operating philosophy for the last 13 years they know quite well that their open moddability is a core part of their success .
already started it and will continue until the middle of february !
the crack of the bat made it seem like it was hit harder than that
is this something new or something you 've always felt ?
i have a friend who noticed he was starting to get out of breath easily on stairs and ended up needing a pacemaker put in due to heart issues .
could be nothing but seeing a doctor could n't hurt .
yeah but you live with a bunch of wilco redneck republicans working for the county that pat each other on the back about their conviction rate on weed and other bullshit offenses .
i just do n't like cheese cake but surprise me with anything 3mg and a least 70vg .
sorry i ca n't help shine any light on this for you .
skip the syrup and maybe put more sweetener or sugar instead .
it would be amazing with fat free whipped cream also low cal .
sounds more like they 're making fun of people who only care about the classics '' not modern pop .
hi force staff is in cooldown,8 more seconds till he can use it how did this even happen ?
i got a hold of the host and i believe i have a solution to correct it .
i do n't judge people on how they naturally look .
i do judge people on how they choose to look though .
i lost count of the hundreds of characters i had running on that game years ago working graveyard shift .
worst case scenario is that you get thorns on the exalt .
goodfellas battle royale 13 assassins king of devil 's island rear window no country for old men the shining signs spirited away princess mononoke 3:10 to yuma mystic river.. those are all really good flicks from the past few decades and span a good amount of genres .
i agree and that 's why i made this post .
i believe star citizen can innovate in that regard though many slaughter simulators are very fun .
a bit surprised that running out of fuel does n't remove your ship 's ability to maintain its position ...
not at all surprising if you remember that it is a game .
no one put that in the game no fuel consumption or thrusters firing to compensate for that .
it 's right at union square in nyc right ?
there are always dudes out there with boards that play passers-by .
i have an xbox 360 slim with a hard drive plenty of games and accessories
i wan na i wan na i wanaaaaaaaaaa ! ''
honestly when ekos had the green party at 10 alarm bells should have ran at the ekos firm
i need to take notes from dyrone and just ff instead of trying to go hero mode and tilt to no end .
they had those last year in an early episode when tyrion and varys before they see the red priestess and jorah kidnaps him .
if you are a gamer i can recommend watching episode 98-99 of gintama .
episode 119 is also good if you have watched dragonball .
these episodes are good stand alone episode without requiring much knowledge about the characters .
the ama is a member services organization that is allowed erroneously to set entry standards and fees .
as i mentioned in canada these organizations are separate by law .
the standards board is also the discipline board and their mandate is not to serve the profession but police it .
i would n't call a profession with a standards board free market at all .
if someone is coming when you are leaving please wait for the person to come to my town .
you 're defending your dick size against the words of a 3 year old girl ... and comparing it to both your sons .
i 've gotten two tickets for it in the last month so maybe it 's a new point of emphasis .
it 's especially frustrating because there is nowhere for me to put a front license plate on my car .
and because there is literally no reason for this law other than as a revenue source .
your post has been automatically removed because you did not include one of the required title tags .
if you want you can submit a new post http www.reddit.com/r/heistteams/submit ? selftext=true .
please ensure that you include a tag at the start of your post so other players know what you are looking for .
examples include xb1 ps4 ps3 xbox 360 meta etc .
if you have any questions or think this was removed in error please message the moderators http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fheistteams .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/heistteams if you have any questions or concerns .
i often go with hey '' but if those are my only options i pick hi .
i have been nc almost exactly as long as you !
i was thinking the other day did i really try hard enough to work it out with my parents before i broke it off ? ''
answer yes i tried far harder than any domestic violence victim ever should try with her abuser s .
i remember trying to talk to my mother as an adult .
she would still be physically violent with me even into my 20s .
i would leave the house and a week later she would call me as though nothing had happened .
i would say mom we need to talk about last week .
i did not think that was appropriate behavior and i am not ok with that . ''
we were enjoying our nice conversation and you just had to go and ruin it by talking about some thing in the past that 's over now !
why do you have to ruin every moment of happiness ?
you just always have to ruin everything and make something good sad and upsetting instead ! ''
yep that 's how those conversations would go over .
plus if you need to explain to someone that it is not appropriate for them to physically assault you odds are that conversation is not going to be sufficient anyways .
i would even keep trying and be like yes well we need to talk about this . ''
but all it ever was was oh my god you are victimizing me by talking about how i physically assaulted you/verbally attacked you/had a psychotic break and went into a blind raging frenzy ! ''
and eventually after i just kept repeating myself she would say very irritably and pissed-off like as though i was doing something awful to her fine ok thrown fine i 'm sorry ok !
then she would do it all again in a week or a month .
dad you said this yesterday and it really upset me . ''
him that 's because you are bi-polar/schizophrenic/borderline/paranoid/mental disorder of the week .
that 's why you are upset your mental disorder is upsetting you right now . ''
usually it 's the first star but now that they have 674347 carey price lenses they grabbed second star instead .
the guy was literally screaming at the top of his lungs he was not professional .
does n't your manager know you ca n't throw a knuckle ball indoors ?
you ca n't those galaxies receding at or over c would be outside your visible universe which is what this applies to .
i will make an album and link it in a bit .
my neighbors parents would walk her to the bus stop at least through 11th grade .
i graduated a year early to idk if they still did senior year but i always found it funny especially when they asked me to do it .
i did n't have raphael when he was that small got him at a year and a half old but never stop taking pictures !
there are currently no indicators for riven being too stong per se .
so if you 're playing vs a riven which is better than you its likely that you 'll get punished for your mistakes leading to her becoming insanely strong .
but in the over all scheme of things there currently a lot of other potent toplaners that can beat her go even at least in lane and have a greater impact on the game .
trust me people can make every kit sound op .
people always believe that the upcoming champion is going to be broken often it turns out that they were wrong .
make sound of roar/howl stronger carry for a long distance but have a cooldown to prevent spam .
that sad moment when his plane has good enough internet to stream then aus net
i mean i still got off but no clue what moment out were talking about.. do i need to be black to understand ?
that is the most amazing thing i have heard for a short while .
for all i know it 's 1000 unrelated to his race/hive mind is finding this store guilty for no reason .
we should n't assume all this without actually knowing facts .
the internet could ruin people 's lives by giving out justice '' in their own ways .
i 'm probably in a mood or something i assume your a good person irl
the whole situation just reeks of sketchiness to me ahmed being fed answers during the mark cuban interview and his sister being suspended for the bomb threat a few years earlier just do n't sit right with me .
i really have a hard time believing the narrative that he 's just some kid interested in technology who was wrongly persecuted especially given how he seems to know so little about technology in interviews he 's given .
okay i thought this was the most disgusting thing i 'd heard until you compared it to fruit and cheese .
i just plowed through magi both series in the past week .
to me it feels very similar to fma b but does n't have a true conclusion yet .
the shounen aspects are similar the humor is similar the characters are likable for the most part there 's mystery and political tones .
when i was using tampons they hurt for me because i do n't bleed a lot .
i was even using the lightest weight one so i went back to pads until i started using a menstrual cup mcuk which solved all my problems .
um ease up on the calligraphy italic/canted/catty-corner/slanted brushes or make your own there 's literally thousands of tuts out there on youtube that teach one how to easily make their own brushes and if you 're using a pen/tablet like any wacom system which from a cursory glance looks like you might be but i ca n't be certain because you can make those bezier curves without them make sure you install the pressure sensitive drivers from the install cd they are a huge help in retaining line consistency throughout all your strokes/outlines/lines .
if i recall from previous posts she 's way too young for even early onset dementia .
i think at this point even you 've realized you 're grasping at straws and splitting hairs .
if anything without utility deserves slaughter should n't we also slaughter homeless people ?
and as far as dogs being companions any intelligent animal can be a companion .
there are several species more intelligent and equally friendly as dogs .
more accurate then the ap pistol but slower rate of fire
however ... youtube is a much nicer interface than tgalley whatever that is
i think i 've been doing that without being aware it .
i brought 3 friends 2 of which had never heard deerhunter they were pissed because the whole show was self-indulgent and mostly just harsh noise .
i was mainly embarrassed and sad because i know that they 're talented and capable of putting on great shows .
that was a great performance of rainwater cassette exchange .
i would probably see them again if they came to my city but i 'd never take a trip to see them ever again and would never take anyone with me unless they 're a big fan too .
you can usually find some great stuff around the 300 to 700 range .
never buy an electric from a pawn shop without testing it first though .
i 'm about to sign up soon ill let ya know .
thank you i will try to use the custom template and insert an ibp logo but i can not promise it will look good ...
if it does n't i 'll notify you so you can tell me which one i 'll use instead aight ?
i doubt a major studio is about to have a major black character introduced only to be killed in the first movie .
i know people hate it when you mention the race of the actors or w/e but in this case i think that it is warranted .
however an eye popped out of the socket is also gore .
colosseum the time machine from the daughter of time lp
not going to feed a system no one asked for nor wanted .
besides is it really free if i gave up my values ?
yes it 's a crime punishable by both prison time and your own special place on the sex offender list for the rest of your life .
ive already bought 10 tickets for the teusday after opening weekend .
mainly chose that day because i have a friend coming in town that monday who wants to see the movie with us .
i would personally be more consistent with he questions you end your stanza with but it is your art .
same tier too stuck in silver for the loooongest time
none of the iwc 's top people tickle my fancy .
even more unpopular i actually like john cena roman reigns and the usos .
they all put on entertaining matches despite what the internet dwellers would have you think .
maybe you are reading the wrong paper or watching the wrong channel .
i big question is how much gold do you make an hour ?
also i 'm wondering how your herbs and ore get you 300-500g daily when most prices are around 1g per unit .
are you sayign you get about 250 herbs and ore each day or is that a cumulative total over your six toons ?
and do you not do your profession cd mat gathering and craft ?
they do still deliberate it just is n't filmed hence the little snippet we got of bagel going crazy in the tiny green room in the back .
personally i believe the scoring system is rigged to determine who 's sent home .
there 's no way they would leave it up to a point system but rather they adjust the numbers to set the call out order and decide on who 's being eliminated .
as title states there a very thin black lines at the bottom of icons that i replaced in filza replaced the stock phone and safari icons to name a few .
as you can see there are thin back lines on the bottom of those icons .
they previously appeared when i used them in winterboard and when replaced the png files without winterboard .
any clues of why it 's there and how do i get rid of it ?
i was amazed i got to 65 so quick actually ... i was n't rushing far from it but right after the big ship thing docked at the safe place thing dinged 65 .
been playing since beta and man all i can say best expansion so far bw gj !
i ca n't specifically remember which one it was but it was definitely a we can ship direct to oz and save freight '' deal .
right well that 's the weird one i do actually weigh my food mostly due to purchasing set amounts and then rationing them over a set time .
i did n't take oil into account but i have n't been all that liberal with it either also no weight loss .
i guess i have got to be getting those extra calories somewhere i 've yet to figure out where .
defening is n't really about thinking that one thing has gotten worse though .
it is perfectly fine to think that a single tv show has gotten shittier over the years because generally that 's what tends to happen .
the same thing with thinking a band has gotten worse over the years .
it only really qualifies if you think all entertainment a genre or culture in general has gotten shittier over the years .
or if a new genre makes all pop culture instantly shitty .
so life in the universe is one thing but life in our galaxy is another .
if there is life in a next door galaxy who cares cause we will never know in a million years .
so just talking about our galaxy will there even be a milky way after we collide with andromeda ?
their super black hole will intersect our galaxy several times eating stars tossing them into the void .
i read that the two super black holes will fight and combine into an even larger black hole inside the new galaxy .
i 've also read that inhabitable planets are unlikely so close to a black hole due to radiation and heat from all the swirling dust .
so a large portion of stars are taken out of the race right there more are getting old going supernova exterminating life on potential nearby planets .
i think we are in the goldilocks zone of our galaxy and our solar system and also in a very stable time period before things start to fly apart or go boom .
they are already selling cpos at a decent price .
consumer report will lose credibility over this one.. and thanks for a quick firesale on the stock .
this video made me feel kind of disoriented but its cute and i love it
i will probably be in and out starting around 1 or 2 ish .
surely you can understand why people are more willing to believe the conclusions of a study conducted by a body of researchers who are specialists in their fields over some guy on the internet though .
terran base rase remember to lift of your building .
zerg you should not get this if you spread creep properly since you will see his army miles away with creep .
if you do n't build a msc or lose your msc you deserve to lose .
in general try to leave some forms of defense in base static d if you not pro or a separate army if you pro and map awareness some patrolling zergling/marine/zealot in key attack path .
how the hell did they get an internship at nasa anyway ?
you 'd think that since they work there they are n't exactly idiots and would recognize the significance of what they were destroying .
i did because i do n't particularly care about the extra cost .
it 's perfectly understandable to not remodel her maybe even advisable she does n't sortie very often so its not like the kai stats help in any way
that 's your computer auto-adjusting graphical settings based on available system resources .
texture and model data is stored locally that information does n't come from the transaction server .
they 've done episodes on the skinwalker ranch too !
i used all in one gestures to swap my buttons and i love that i can turn off the lights now .
i once bought a pack of gum without telling them .
long story short i got my phone taken away for a week after being chewed out for a solid hour .
unrelated but can someone id the boots in pic number 9 ?
this is just barefoot skiing https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/barefoot_skiing with shoes and without the tow basically .
the average adult male is about 195 pounds https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/human_body_weight by_country the approximation used for barefoot skiing is w/10 20 where w is weight in pounds result is mph .
plugging in 195 for w gets us 39.5 mph .
since you 'll lose speed rapidly from friction with the water consider that the minimum you 'd need more to skim for any distance .
i used to play fantasy around 8 years ago .
life came along met new friends and so along i ended up not having the time anymore .
i do n't want to spend 4 hours playing a tabletop game anymore because of work and friends who wo n't have time for that either .
but the urge to play warhammer was still there .
yesterday i had this idea of starting small 500p 40k armies to have some small skirmish battles with friends and went to the lgs .
the shop owner told me about aos and that it would fit perfectly for what i was looking for so i bought a box of dryads to start and some stuff to paint them still have a lot of colors laying around that are in good condition .
when i came home i read the 4 rule pages and watched a game on youtube and found myself asking where the balancing is .
i read some reviews of the game and everybody was telling that there are some balancing issues but did n't go deeper into the subject ... why ?
it is n't clear to me how on earth my 16 dryad squad should win against 16 warriors of chaos ?
and if me and my friends would go with a house ruling that there are only 10 warriors per 16 dryads allowed the chaos player gets a huge bonus in the option of sudden death ... building an army just feels so arbitrary and you need to playtest what is overpowered and what is not .
am i exaggerating or are my worries well founded ?
right now it feels like the dryads were a bad investment and i should have stayed with the 40k idea .
tl dr i really want to start playing little skirmish warhammer again and got aos recommended but i ca n't see how balancing armies should work
assume minority world '' hinders martain manhunter enough mentally that he ca n't mind rape him .
i submitted this long support ticket http i.imgur.com/8smlcan.png a while ago but i have n't heard a single thing from ni .
i am getting tired of waiting and want to start messing with the s4 mk2 again .
i route my two cdjs through it aswell so it 's a mandatory component for my setup in order to run at all .
i 've always had problems with the s4 since i first bought it but i always managed to find a way around it .
i recently moved my setup to a new home but it wo n't function properly at all eventhough i connected it at the exact same way .
i run traktor 2 pro 2.10 with all the correct drivers installed but as soon as i turn on the s4 and start djing the program and audio out constantly drop out .
it is impossible to do anything and i 've spent a lot of time trying all the different 'fixes ' wifi latency close all programs etc but it wo n't work .
since i 've sent this ticket i did some more testing .
i completely reinstalled traktor and all the drivers uninstalled unneeded drivers .
i started with factory clean settings but it now crashes even more quickly .
the cdjs routed through the s4 setup also contain heavy audio stutters however the track continues playing 'underneath ' the pauses and picks up where it would 've been after the pauses end .
when playing mp3 's straight from the pc the entire thing would pause and not continue underneath .
the dropouts only start after i adjusted knobs/faders or rotated platters on the s4 .
a track would run entirely without problems if i would simply let it play without touching the s4 .
after reinstalling the traktor software the problems got worse .
i think that the traktor software is n't causing the problems why would it get worse after reinstalling ?
also touching the s4 would start the problems meaning that it somehow triggered a bug .
should i send the s4 back for warrenty or am i missing something ?
i am currently taking chemistry and one of the requirements is that we create a mole day project .
this project must be based on the mole unit in chemistry and amedeo avogrado a famous chemist .
so i thought why not make it hearthstone themed !
so i present to you molestone heroes of molecraft !
link to album showing custom made cards and pack http imgur.com/a/rruy1
choose any one of your creatures and any one magi in play .
discard twice as much energy as the chosen creature has from the chosen magi .
this card is quite good especially when splashed into a region that is lacking in direct magi damage like d'resh kybar 's teeth or naroom .
lets say a capable fighter gets his hand on the noro-noro no mi .
could you help think of a ways to use it from what we know ?
does anyone have a suggestion on how to watch tomorrow 's europa league clash against rubin kazan ?
im not sure if it will be on live tv in the states and i do not even have cable for that matter .
last year i booked using the edclv website and it was much cheaper than ive seen on any other website .
but i dont see the option for hotels on their website yet ?
when/will they have that option again to book straight through the edclv site for discounted price ?
so i have always wanted a jeep my current desire is a jku but i believe it will be out of my price .
i am looking for a jeep in the 5k 10k range .
i am mechanically inclined and have a licensed competent mechanic in my family so an older jeep with issues is a possibility .
i would desire it to do mud trails and sand dunes no desire for rock-climbing moab style .
would most likely be a 3rd vehicle and not my daily driver although i hope that is not the case depends on miles and conditions
would love as much space as possible to use it as a camping vehicle .
looking for some advice hold on to your hats for this one .
so we had three people come to the farm yesterday presenting as if they were going picking apples and pumpkins .
they never presented themselves as doing a photo shoot because we normally charge a fee for photo shoots and have them sign a waiver and agree to rules .
as the afternoon went on the group raised some red flags with some of our staff who eventually figured out something strange was going on .
the group had disappeared for some time and someone went looking for them .
they were questioned as they were leaving and said they were just doing a school photography project .
after they left we quickly pieced together everyone 's observations did some quick searching online and determined that they were in fact filming for a pornographic website .
i have tried to contact the website stating we were not asked permission and do not consent that any of the imaging be used .
one of the 'stars ' has posted pictures on social media saying she is at a pumpkin patch does n't name us and we are not clearly identifiable unless you really know the farm .
we have contacted twitter to have the photos taken down .
these people are purposefully hard to contact so i feel like the online contact form i fill out is likely to go unread .
up until now nothing has been published that links us to them however i worry what is to come .
mostly i 'm angry that they deliberately deceived us and any family with young children could have seen something completely inappropriate .
you order 14 burritos to go,7 with hot peppers and 7 without .
if you pick 4 burritos at random find probability .
for 1 i got .0349 but not sure how to get 2 .
if there is an accident in the sky the cars could fall and potentially hurt other drivers pedestrians and property on the ground .
so a few weeks ago i think i royally fucked myself .
for some reason i thought it would be a good idea to bleach my kettle .
i put about 2 cups of bleach in filled it with hot water and let it soak .
i came back to a really clean looking and smelling kettle .
after i drained it i realized that this happened http i.imgur.com/28vzfo7.jpg .
i 'm pretty sure it stripped an outside coating off the metal .
for any curious it 's a repurposed half barrel budweiser keg that i bought used off a local classified .
so i believe it 's stainless steel or aluminum .
after rinsing it about 10 times and letting in soak in pbw for a few hours i brewed a pale .
i have n't tried it yet though it 's still fermenting .
any thoughts on if i 've completely fucked myself and should invest in a new kettle ?
or maybe it 's not so bad and i should wait and see how the pale turns out and if it 's fine i might be able to keep using it .
the college professor had just finished explaining an important research project to his class .
he emphasized that this paper was an absolute requirement for passing his class and there would be only two acceptable excuses for being late .
those were a medically certifiable illness or a death in the student 's immediate family .
a smart ass student in the back of the classroom waved his hand and spoke up .
as you would expect the class exploded in laughter .
when the students had finally settled down the professor froze the young man with a glaring look .
well '' he responded i guess you 'll just have to learn to write with your other hand . ''
been a fan of game grumps and nsp for a while now and a lurker of reddit wanted to post this idea somewhere before i forgot it .
opening scene pans over the royal table barry the valiant knight sus the majestic queen arin the proud king ross the squire then kevin the harlot .
arin breaks the silence by asking the fool to entertain him with a whimsical tale of song
fool i have just the one to please me your ear vagina majesty .
arin then it better sound hard as fuck knave or it 's off with you .
soft lute begins to play and the most explosive of licks is coming for thy soul
but when you hear his tasty jams they 'll fill you with glee
zoom in on dan 's nether regions then raise camera to face and zoom out to see the smuggest of grins
holy shit holy fuck what is that in the shadows
no way it 's ninjas brian he 'll decap attack like the gallows
enters brian from off stage maybe smoke bomb in scene from looking into off stage darkness fuck it figure it out
insert stabbing montage lute music stops like off note hit then fade to black with another reveal of burgie saying now that 's beefy end scene
it plays each time at the beginning of every episode in the oracion seis arc during the previously on fairy tail '' bit .
a while back i made a playlist titled the pursuit of happiness '' .
it had songs that just felt right on one of my worst days and i would play it whenever i was really down .
it helped me through my last semester of college but i stopped listening to it around a month before graduation .
i was in a good place then and i realize now that i just did n't need the support of these songs .
i had trouble getting out of bed this morning .
i 've been consistently going to the gym for the last three months but today i could n't get through my workout .
i 've caught myself staring at nothing multiple times .
i 'm considering self harm for the first time in months .
i 'm trying to gauge the usage of hooded baby towels .
do you as a parent buy and use them ?
okay so tmrw i have an appointment with a psych that sees trans people ?
http heartmatterspsychology.com/book-an-appointment idk how to put links in text here what do i tell him to get him to let me go on testosterone ?
there are billions of other people on this planet and i am statistically bound to meet someone i will connect with .
so everyone gets broken up with everyone goes through with this why is it that everyone relies on these same useless platitudes as if they offer any help ?
i have a hole in my chest and that hole is literally eating at me and dragging me down .
i think about her every second of the day .
half the songs i hear send me down this horrible path .
i ca n't watch the same shows because they are our shows .
i feel like i get over the pain and then just realize i 'm temporarily numb from earlier .
these platitudes offer absolutely nothing to help with that .
i have begged my friends to please stop talking to me if that 's all they can offer .
i did n't believe in destiny 'one true soulmate ' before her .
and even if i logically know its true there are others statistically it will happen it does n't change that right now in this moment she was the one and i ca n't get through a day without punishing myself for not being good enough for her .
she was n't an angel sent down to be with me .
there were things about here i was n't huge on .
but that does n't change the connection we had .
i felt so utterly comfortable so totally in sync with her .
there 's no real conclusion or point to all this .
and i just want someone to read and hear this .
just a quick fold or call is all i 'm after i was right on the fence with it but went with fold thinking i would get a better spot .
but now i 'm second guessing myself having seen how the turn and river came out .
the situation is basically im utg with 9300 chips 500/1000 blinds .
i have 78 unsuited and have a tight reputation .
i think i 'll try and steal some blinds the worst that will happen is i see a flop so i bet 2500 .
folds all round to the blinds who both call .
my 7 is a spade but i do n't think its particularly relevant .
small blind checks big blind checks i put in another 2500 expecting folds .
then they start talking to each other about their cards and it 's pretty obvious they have aces and kings .
they 're saying 'i think we all have pocket pairs ' i tell them i dont have a pair then one says 'i think we have the same pair ' to the other .
'if we have the same pair i 'm ahead ' meaning one has a spade .
then the other says 'no if we have the same pair i'm ahead ' .
dumb stuff like this just letting me know i 'm against two massive pairs and i need to get lucky .
i folded then the turn came 7 river 7 giving me trips .
aces wins and i 'm left with 3bb 's .
edit just noticed the post does n't have a label can i add that now ?
i got a good chuckle out of the plot summary of the game
i 've used a throwaway to help me over the terror of posting this here .
i 've been seeing a psychiatrist and i 've been through a fair share of medicines so far .
i went in originally for social anxiety then that moved to depression and now it 's moved to adhd .
i 've gone to a local university 's psychology department and done some tests like iq etc .
also what i 've determined is a conner 's cpt test .
anyway waiting on the results of this assessment and i 'm scared that they 'll tell me nope no adhd .
i 've been trying to figure this out and can not find anything if it even exists
so whatever it is it 's either adhd or something that looks damn sure like it .
all three ssris with prozac being the worst have had the following undesirable effect on me .
they take the pain of depression away but the joy of life is still missing .
incredibly tired all the time no matter how much sleep .
no change in anxiety beyond the fact that i stop caring about things that might normally be anxiety-producing .
ca n't be stressed about getting a job when you stop applying altogether !
may have contributed to the ssri-induced-zombie phase or not .
these two have been the only really beneficial treatments for me so far .
it 's been 8 hours since my last adderall and i 'm so wound up thinking about this adhd stuff that i feel like posting all this under a new account because i 'm too scared to put my real name '' behind my fears publicly .
additionally to be brief all the adhd-like symptoms disappear .
here 's what my conclusion thus far has been i ca n't or maybe refuse to come to any other conclusion that fits i have the symptoms of adhd .
i very clearly have anxiety/depression which may plausibly be caused by adhd .
serotonin treatments have been counterproductive making some/all adhd symptoms worse especially energy and motivation .
adhd is near as i can understand related caused ?
i also find in my research that boosting serotonin like ssris do decreases dopamine .
am i just looking for a reason i went from 99th percentile in standardized national testing in 3rd grade to getting a 600 on both sat sections in 8th grade to barely passing 11th grade ib to scraping by in community college with a 2.9 gpa to being unemployed for 2 years since graduating ?
if you want more details i can but this already a big pile of diarrhea to read .
after norman finished the last of his oatmeal in the pantry one morning he made a mental note to pick up more after work .
at the grocery store he saw the flavored instant oatmeal was on sale .
he deliberated for several minutes before picking the box of plain oatmeal .
norman thought to himself i 've always eaten oatmeal plain .
in the checkout lane he found out the plain oatmeal was on sale also and smiled the whole way home .
i was in a bad mood tonight so i decided to hop onto eden 's soundcloud in hopes of finding an old track he released which was basically him singing with his voice distorted and no music to accompany .
upon further investigation i noticed that alot of his old tracks are gone and this certainly caught my suspicion .
my wife and i just finished packing some things up from our apartment .
the apartment we 're moving out from because the neighbor threatened my wife .
we loaded everything up and drove to the gas station a few blocks over .
i gassed up and went inside to grab some cigarettes for my wife as well as a couple of drinks for us .
as i walked back to my car i was approached by a white male in his late 20 's to early 30 's .
at first i could n't hear what he said but i assumed he was asking for money as people tended to do outside of gas stations .
i told him i did n't have any cash on me which was n't a lie .
nah man i do n't need money i want to give you money .
can i get a ride to the grocery store ? ''
i politely declined and told him that was in the opposite direction of where i was going which was n't a lie either .
that seemed to satisfy him so i went to my car .
i opened the door and handed my wife her drink at which point she sternly told me to get in .
i asked her what was wrong and she once again said get in now . ''
i sensed a bit of urgency in her voice so i got in .
as i was pulling away from the pump i asked her again what was wrong .
i 'll tell you when we 're away from here something 's about to go down . ''
once we were on the road she told me what happened .
while i was inside she noticed two individuals speaking outside of the gas station store .
one was a black male in his late twenties the other was the man who would approach me .
when i was at the register she noticed out of the corner of her eye that one of them was peeking into one of the cars .
she was a bit unnerved so she continued to watch him .
she saw him looking into the other cars at the station too .
she could n't see exactly what he was doing but they seemed to follow a pattern .
the first guy would look inside of a car and then look up at his friend presumably giving a signal .
they did this with every car at the station .
he then moved out of her sight so she watched him through the rear view mirrors .
he was moving behind our car now right into the blind spot .
this set off every red flag that was n't already flying so she turned to look at the man behind the car .
he must have seen her move because he was out of sight when she turned around .
by this time she was wondering what the fuck was taking me so long .
i walk out shortly after and she just about flips as one of them approach me .
other people had walked out before me and i was the only person they talked to .
god damn it do n't fucking talk to him get the fuck over here now ! ''
my wife knows that i 'm a nice guy sometimes too nice for my own good so she was genuinely worried that whatever bait he was using would cause me to bite .
luckily i came straight to the car after that .
there 's no telling what their intentions were but my wife has good intuition when it comes to these things and she could tell they were up to no good .
i 'm just glad that we 're safe but it chills me to think of what would have happened if i decided to help him .
i realized recently that the spoiler tag may contain spoilers in the post not just the comments .
maybe we should split the spoiler tag into spoiler requests and spoiler discussions ?
because sometimes i want to open the spoiler post to see if it has something i want to know but i 'm afraid because some of the titles are really generic and i ca n't be certain that it wo n't have main story spoilers .
i was and still am living in my dad 's house .
after he died there was a lot of craziness with his will and his house .
about five years after he died i rented a movie from the video store that i had not seen since the 1970 's it is on youtube night gallery the cemetery '' i watched it alone in the house as i have been living alone there for years .
when i was watching the movie i was wondering what my
dad 's spirit would be thinking if he was there in the room watching it with me .
you must watch this short horror story on youtube to get the significance of what happened watch it now it 's a great scary story .
well that night after i had watched the movie i was awakened at 3 in the morning my a very loud thud in the living room .
i was scared and i thought it was burglars ... the weird thing is is that i fell back asleep and when i came downstairs in the morning the painting had fallen from above the fireplace in the living room onto the floor and the amazing thing is is that it was not damaged which is good because it was my dad 's expensive painting .
nothing else was damaged even the angel statue it hit .
the painting came out of it 's frame though .
when my dad was alive he was always very very attached to his house and was very possessive of it .
we had a fight before he died and his house was mentioned between us .
when he was sick before he died he said to me this is my house . ''
and the fighting over his estate when he died and me taking over his house and living in it .
there have been other weird things i have experienced in his house too that makes me feel his presence is here .
i think it 's time for me to go .
norman sat on the couch watching csi reruns with norman curled up at his side .
hey dad '' his son says i 'm gon na be in town tonight wan na catch a movie at 8 ? ''
the movie would most likely be over past norman 's usual bedtime but he was happy to spend time with his son .
he did n't want to make his son wait .
we 'll go to a movie some other time . ''
norman reassured his son that it was fine and went to bed .
with the surface 4 pro and surface book out will we likely see some good deals on the surface 3 ?
how is it possible for a small town of 612 people to only have 9 places for people to work at two small grocery stores a multi-purpose building city office and public safety a sub regional clinic and a post office ?
so i do n't know how long have they been there but i noticed today .
there are two new servers one located in argentina one located in chile .
i think there might be a couple new ones in asia too but i 'm not 100 sure ...
this is pretty awesome for those who live over here as even brazil servers were n't stable enough .
let 's hope this helps streamers of the area to share content in a more comfortable way
i was watching this video on how to help crashes with a certain video game that i was playing and it required me to turn down my speaker volume to 24bit 44100 hz instead of the default 48000 hz .
i got this little pop up window that warned me that one of my devices may stop working after this change .
but of course i still went through with it and now my headset does n't work .
i 've tried pulling the audio jack out and putting it back in restarting my laptop turning the sound back to 48000 hz and using a new headphone that i know works but still nothing .
the only way i can hear anything from my laptop right now is if the sound comes directly out of my laptop speakers .
i 've tried doing some research on this matter beforehand but it seems that no one has any similar problems .
so basically tomorrow i need to talk to my teacher and present what i 've researched so far .
the presentation is supposed to be at least 5 minutes long and every single word i say has to be in spanish .
what we 're presenting is all about venezuela and i got the theme regarding petróleo .
i have been slacking off and she gave us 3 days to do it .
i 'm just really busy with other stuff so i 'm doing it at the last minute .
could you please provide some information in spanish along with the correct translation ?
i have a little bit already so any help will be much appreciated .
the new york mets ... ... they play at o'shea
o'shea sounds familiar ... ... thats the first name of ice cube
zach mettenberger or as i have been calling him o'shea berger is the next coming of matt ryan and is the future of the titans .
do her allies get gamma guts abilities when she has the upgrade ?
does throne butt increase the damage of the allies shots and or the damage/amount of clone explosion bullets ? or only their attack speed .
i have a 1976 ray and was wanting to upgrade currently have stock disks
i have no idea if anyone goes on this subreddit for anything besides hook-ups but i 'm looking for a local guy to hang out with and maybe pursue a relationship .
i 'm divorced no kids and do n't want any restarting life by going back to school .
i 've had multiple knee surgeries thus my size so i 'm unable to do stairs/inclines but like to hike flat trails/beaches .
i watch a lot of tv something every night and thanks to my reading habit i know a lot about nothing .
i 'm looking for someone who lives within a 30 minute drive w/average traffic of the 57/10 interchange .
you 've got to have a sense of humor and at least tolerate my geeky interests .
send me a trade offer https steamcommunity.com/tradeoffer/new ? partner=609826 token=mwr-rrgb or add me
i killed 7 servants of the god zamorak all called k'ril tsutsaroth .
the maybelline fit me pore less matte in 110 is my best color i found so far .
but it 's a bit too dry looking for myself also i have a very red face is regards to my cheeks what do you recommend that has more moisture and reduces a lot of redness thank you !
i found the guide that explained how to disable it via the group policy editor .
'do not show lock screen ' is enabled but it still shows .
also i tried the other method creating the nolockscreen registry entry but it is n't keeping the lock screen from coming up .
i have restarted the computer after attempting both guides and the lock screen shows up with password entry after both .
i 'm using max vg because i 'm pg allergic .
science has n't really come to a consensus of why we yawn .
yawns obviously seem to happen when one is tired low on energy and there is this strange contagious element that may underscore some sort of energy connectedness .
i had seen it a couple of times and it 's interesting how it deals with issues about racism sexism and so .
i was wondering if there was any episode featuring heightism or something similar if not why have n't they done an episode regarding it ?
it would be great to see an episode about it on tv imagine how it may change people 's views on height at least by a little and actually acknowledge heightism .
just imagine what decks would look like if he could get 1/1 's or 2/1 's or 2/2 's with charge from like turn 5 .
in other words this tavern brawl is impossible to play without the warsong nerfs
so i am a 21 yo college student who has struggled majorly with my faith since entering school three years ago .
i went through a rough point my freshman year in college and i never really felt the same about the church .
i go to church in a small college town and at this church they are big on community .
my first few months i really dove into my small group .
i made some very close friends and i loved it .
in november of my freshman year i decided to get drunk thanks to some peer pressure and some things occurred because of that .
i was coerced into having sex giving up my virginity in the process .
when i awoke in the morning i was instantly filled with regret and told my best friend at church as i cried at worship .
we decided to tell our small group leader who was supposed to be a mentor to us .
he told me how ashamed he felt of me and that i had made a terrible decision .
i felt rejected by the man who had been mentoring me for months .
from then on i severely struggled with the church .
i 've tried on numerous occasions to go to this church and others back home and at school .
since then i feel like i have been consistently judged and that i will forever be an outsider and not welcomed in the church .
it has caused me a lot of mental agony and has slowly driven me away from the church .
i grew up a christian but now as an adult i feel that i ca n't be accepted and loved in the church but that is something i desperately desire .
i feel bad because this is a short summary of what i do struggle with in my faith and i wanted to get it off my chest anonymously .
tldr felt shunned by my church and ca n't go back to that one or any other church .
it seems like a very easy way in cutting shortcuts for mouth/speech and some motions by just moving around in your webcam .
i have a public key whose fingerprint is 7510 be75 3da9 a174 a2b7 d32f e7d1 d170 8e0e e782
finally i am proving my reddit account by posting it in r/keybaseproofs
this was my first time super cropping and as most would have guessed i did it a little too hard and cracked the stem .
i have duck taped it but when i checked the tape the was some space for air to get in .
should i re tape it so it is completely around the break firmly or is it fine how it is a little loose
i think were getting a new halloween themed le free tickets the 3 helmets and a new special challenge .
better distinguished between emerald and silver and you can actually have a reason for making it green
also emerald seems like it could be nice rarer than gold but not as rare as diamond .
bill sent by the office of the supreme chancellor annius halcyon to the vice chancellor
the needs of the republic are vast and varying in subject .
to optimize procedure and accuracy of information these issues must be compartmentalized .
committees created to put senator 's expertise to the best use possible will benefit the republic not only with efficient organization but with specific and accurate knowledge from experienced officials .
a committees to be created oversight anti-corruption foreign aid environmental infrastructure defence trade economics healthcare and exploration .
b each committee will consist of three 3 to five 5 members .
c each committee must consist of at least one world from each of the inner rim mid rim and outer rim .
d members of the committee will serve for two 2 years after which their performance will be reviewed and either replaced or renewed .
e the committee is expected to evaluate the chosen field and act as the primary advisor board to the executive office and the senate .
a the members of the committees will be selected at the discretion of the executive office .
b i if for any reason a potential member is thought to be unsuitable the senate can petition for that candidate to be discounted .
b ii for the executive office 's decision on a member to be overturned a seventy-five percent 75 majority must be reached .
a allegations of misconduct can be brought before the senate by a senator .
b if the motion is seconded the senate will vote on the removal of the accused committee member .
c the committee member accused will be immediately removed if the senate reaches a seventy-five percent 75 majority vote .
after killing a nex it dropped a torva full helm .
if you need help working on a project or need to contact one of the mods or admins post here or message them directly .
have had a pet dark core for quite a while now i do n't mean to complain as it is an amazing pet to have but the amount of people in game asking me what pet it is every day is pretty insane .
the amount of people that do n't recognise the pet just makes it feel as though it is not an accomplishment .
is there any way now for the corporeal beast to be scaled down into a pet form and if so could it be polled as a metamorphosis alternative to the pet core ?
i know there have been issues with this before but looking at pets such as k'ril and how detailed it is then that the jad pet has been scaled down from it 's massive size too .
i 'm 16 years old ina jr. in high school and i had a very scary experience last night .
i thought i was dreaming but awake at the same time .
my bed felt like it was shaking and i woke up but i could n't scream to my dad in the other room .
after all my adrenaline built up i let out a quiet groan and it all stoped and it felt like it all went away .
i thought it was a ghost but i know it 's not .
this is my first post so apologies in advance for formatting errors .
the guy in question is part of a group that i typically attend to go on a weekly basis .
it 's one of those meetup groups that is part of my city where people of similar interests hang out on scheduled days .
i have been attending for almost 2 years and that is where i met him israel .
i was attracted to him and i think he was at first to me but i kept my distance because i was with someone else at the time but i still enjoyed his company .
after some group politics and drama the group was temporarily suspended and i was n't able to see him .
now recently the group restarted with a new head and location to meetup and well i see him again .
i was newly single and well i begin to flirt with him albeit awkwardly but enough to be friendly and nice .
as the time passed with the meetups israel and i began to become closer .
now from what i was initially led to believe by his close friend conner he confided to me that israel told him he was aromantic .
when i heard the news i felt devastated since i was attracted to him emotionally and physically to israel and to think that possibly we wo n't be able to move pass as just friends hurt me .
i eventually come to accept it and decided that i will still flirt with him even if it wo n't get me a date with him .
we became even closer and our flirting became slightly more heated and heavier no longer the coy teasing flirts that we had before .
israel let me cuddle against him sit on his lap play with his hair and he in returned had a tendency to sleep against my chest .
due to changes in work schedule i was no longer able to hang out with the group and i told them about my temporary departure .
people were sadden by the news but i managed to cheer them up on my last supper israel and i kept up with a flirtations until it was about time to leave .
he kissed me out of the blue earning him a blush from me .
israel said wait until april to find out . ''
i went to inform my friend/his friend connor about what happened and i was in turmoil and had mixed emotions .
which he asked why and i explained to him its due to the fact i believed that nothing will come from this since he is aromantic and i 'm pansexual that the relationship i want will not happen and i accepted it as that and just continued with flirting with him because it was fun .
now i 'm stuck with a cumbersome thoughts on what this all means i want something more than friendship but i feel as though his identity will be a handicap and i do n't know what to feel and now he has thrown me in for a loop .
guy i was flirting with was aromantic and he did a romantic gesture and now i 'm freaking out because it goes against what i believed of him .
one of these dixie podcasts i think its three or four leads in with a future song .
a few turns later i took a new policy and entrepreneurship is untaken .
at first i thought i just misremembered taking it and i took it again .
a few turns later i went to take the next policy and it was gone again .
i thought it would be a classier more mature version of pure havane which i love but it was n't even in the same realm .
i get heavy cloves mixed with cigarette pack like tobacco .
anyway this is n't about ripping on other people 's favorites just a fun discussion .
ill send a verification pic im not some old creep lol send me your kiks i am bored
i know r/motorcycles gets a lot of these posts so i 'm trying my best to look up and figure out what i can on my own at some point though it 's nice just to have a chat with people in the know .
throughout early teenager-dom several friends would regularly invite me to go motorcycle and dirtbike riding with them i loved everything about it from the 50cc 's clicky manual gearbox to sliding around turns with the dirtbike .
then we grew up got cars and went to colleges .
it 's been a few years since i 've been on a bike but the desire to own one has n't left .
i 'm now in my last year of undergraduate studies and am considering buying a starter bike off craigslist to use with the commute to campus i 'm not thrill seeking and i 'm a timid driver to the point that it may be a dangerous habit for riding .
my less impulsive reasoning is that while my car works well and i really love driving it i have some big maintenance planned for it once i graduate and i want to be able to put the car out of commission for a month and still get to work .
but on the other hand i feel that it 's foolish to pursue owning two vehicles before i even own a place to live .
i 'd like to know your thoughts on this is 22 too young and rash to handle two vehicles ?
surely i should be saving my funds for future down payments and utilities.. internal shouting but i want it !
also i 'm a huge honda person because of my car which has made me almost exclusively consider honda bikes .
please tell me how dumb this is for a starter bike because i 'm sure that my bias against the other brands should be suspended for now .
right now my budget is super low around 1600 for the bike and a few hundred for gear and initial maintenance .
i 'm following up on a 1983 honda magna v45 1300 and 2000 honda rebel 250 1500 with a chance to go view the magna next week .
if you have comments on any of this let me know .
otherwise it was pretty helpful just to write all of this down thanks !
fellow translators i am seeking translations for my open source minecraft mod called fancy fish mod .
i have set up a crowdin translation project https crowdin.com/project/fancy-fish-mod for this purpose should you wish to contribute .
completed translations include english french german italian japanese maltese polish brazilian portuguese and spanish .
if you do not see the language you wish to translate please let me know .
your husband admits to you that he has a massive cuckold fetish .
he fantasizes about you being fucked silly by a huge black cock .
you are very sexually inexperienced and such things sound insane .
the last thing a couple like yourself would be in to .
with a lot of convincing however he convinces you to give it a try .
one personal ad later and he has arranged the whole thing in a motel .
you have no idea whats in store for you .
pre-note my prices may not be up to date or correct if not please post a nice comment with a correction and it will be greatly appreciated .
i have decided to compile a list of popular darkscape items and share their current prices so your bandits and vigilantes can get the best value for money as you go about your daily murder .
please do n't hesitate to correct me or update a price and i will update my main post apologies for scrappy formatting .
just wanting to run with a group to burn through strikes message me
selling some characters more info can be found here http www.furaffinity.net/view/18101670
i 'm in the super super late game right now and keeping christmas perpetually active to get elder reindeer is ... well quite expensive .
after a relatively small number of season buyings the price escalates pretty quickly to the useless level after which i will no longer have access to reindeer which are a massive cps boost .
is there any way around this or do i just accept that reindeer are a limited resource unlike say elder pledges ?
i was wondering what the situation was in wow for arena is at the moment .
i had stopped playing 2 months after wod release and i 'm contemplating coming back .
i checked out the arena forums on the battle.net forums but i dont see anyone complaining about op classes or imbalance .
does that mean arena is at a fairly good place balance wise ?
how far along are the seasons since the 1st season of wod ?
i got fully arena geared for that first season and i 'm wondering if i 'll be undergeared compared to others .
are healer/dps 2v2 comps viable still or is it dominated by dps/dps ?
side question new expansion coming out i just saw and it 's legion ?
i also think a lot about communication and philosophy .
i used to play a lot of video games and still like to talk about them .
i have a very broad taste in music and i love hearing new sounds .
there is very little i 'm opposed to talking about or experiencing i generally enjoy the world and i enjoy other people 's enjoyment of the world .
most topics i can tie into things i am familiar with and hold up a discussion and more obscure out unfamiliar topics i 'm eager to learn about .
i do n't know what you like but i 'd love to read about it .
i do n't know what you do day to day but i 'm sure it 's worth taking about even if you are n't .
i want to hear about what your personal experience is like what you 've been through and what it 's like to be you .
i 'm told i 'm pretty insightful and i generally hope that the things i say are a positive part of the lives of the people i say them to .
send me a message and let 's see what we say .
i want something a little out of the ordinary that might be somewhat easy to mod .
i work in a office that regularly has nerf battles between multiple floors.. almost everyone has something modded either drawing more battery power or upgraded springs flywheels .
a few people have some of those koosh guns that you ca n't even find the ammo for..
i 'm looking for something that is n't exactly easy to find on amazon etc .
i was thinking a air tech 2000/3000 but do these shoot far at all without mods ?
any one know why i 'm seeing this error in the console ?
the tweak works just fine but the error message freaks me out .
i get one for each method i hook into in the controller .
im using the u/kirby theos fork ... and heres my makefile
hey anybody have a copy of the episode of insomniac where dave visit 's his mom 's house in long island ?
ca n't find it on youtube and it was n't on either of the best of dvds from comedy central .
the episode was really cool and included his mom giving him a bath fucking hilarious .
with the release of 'sweep dungeons ' i decided to push myself into 40 shard dungeon .
after a few days of failing and suceeding i managed to complete my goal and go on with shard camping for those sweet skills .
vlad 5/10 with 4/5 revite druid 4/8 berserk and 4/10 skill santa 5/10 and 1/8 scorch dk 4/10 .
p. s. am i the only one who thinks sweep funktion is a bit op taking in my case ?
i want to discuss witch dps post 60k prestige .
i am now in my mid 60k prestige and i have heard that 68k prestige is where witch now start to become a sub-par dps class and a less preferred dps class .
im all about dps as i only play that role .
does anyone have any information to back up these claims ?
i am a dps whore and till now in most occasions where i get enough time to stack everything i am usually 1 dps class in raids groups and squad however i do see that other classes are closing this gap i have had since 36k my last huge dmg increase and berseker particularly is starting to close this gap increasingly .
that being said i have noticed in the past that witch does not have a linear dmg increase but rather jumps in dmg during leveling '' .
like coat chicken in chicken eggs then roll it in crumbs then fry it .
edit 2 just wanted to add that i appreciate everyone 's corrections .
i should have said you know would-be offspring or something especially as a biologist but this shower thought came to me more as a really-stoned-in-bed-falling-asleep thought .
where can i find a mod to make cims behavior more realistic ?
in most cases raijin is depicted as a red skined
demon http i.imgur.com/ltyi6vs.jpg but in my opinion he can look like this .
box lore raijin is a god but in japanese mythology this does n't mean he 's good .
raijin likes to fool around and also has a bad temper that like lightning strikes fast .
raijin is on the hunt for the naval of children .
parents express that their kids should stay wrapped up in bed until the storm passes .
if he finds any unprotected children he drags them back to his shine and begins to devour their naval .
every successful basic attack will activate one of rajin 's drums up to a max .
the stacks will be burned only when raijin hits an enemy god or when he casts overcharge red thunderflash red .
raijin release lightning bolts from drums on his back dealing damage in front of him .
the amount of damage and released lightning bolts will depend on number of curent stunning vibration red stacks .
the targeter will also become wider according to raijin 's passive .
raijin empowers his drumsticks with electricity increasing his attack speed
also raijin will steal a portion of mana from the enemy god that he hit and will gain in return 50 of the stolen amount .
raijin uses his active drums to teleport forward he may use that ability again up to 3 times after it goes on cooldown .
if raijin does n't have any active drums this ability will not be available .
raijin throw his drumstick that sticks to an enemy god after a few seconds raiju a massive thunderwolf will rush at the target location dealing damage and knocking back the enemy .
if the target is bellow a health threshold he will be executed .
after target execution raijin 's passive will be fully charged .
passive something similar to nu wa 's passive except that it stuns when raijin will deal a basic attack to a god minnions do not trigger his passive .
overcharge it 's a line nuke and the main clear for raijin so if raijin have
active drums on his passive this ability will consume them and will become wider and do plus 10 damage per consumed drum .
as an anubis mumify and will shoot one lightning bolt in a line as raijin build 's up his passive the targeter will become wider and this ability will shoot more lightning bolts .
ionic drain it 's an attack speed steroid that lasts for 5 secconds but while this steroid is active any enemy god that raijin hits with basic attacks will loose 50 mana per recieved hit .
thunderflash**when i started to create this concept i thought about storm spirit from dota 2 i want raijin to be a mobile assasin that moves lightning fast while he devastate his enemies .
this ability is a teleport that use one stack/drum from his passive .
this movement is unique because it will not go on cooldown after u teleported once.so the range of each teleport is low but this is what distinguishes it from the others movements in the game this ability is pretty good in close combat and for jukes but is not that awesome as an escape .
raiju this ability is kinda unique too because it 's a safe range execute and you can spawn a huge bad ass lightning wolf .
it functions like ah muzen cab ultimate you throw a drumstick that have static on it so it sticks to gods .
after a short delay a huge wolf will crush down from the sky and will do damage or will execute the target .
also if the target is not ready to be executed raiju will jump between gods like zeus lightning bolt untill he find one or untill there will be no more gods left but remeber that he can not jump twice to the same target .
btw raiju is a real creature and companion of raijin if anyone doubts link .
this has been a long time coming but i really need to organize my external harddrives .
i 've got lots of different files and what i 've found is hierarcheal systems are shit when something fits into multiple categories .
i 'd prefer the metadata to be stored into some kind of sidecar file because i do n't want to alter the files and i 've also got way too many file types for them to all match a standard .
so that being said the viewer for the file types has to have the ability to move and rename files so that all the tags will remain .
also the tag-viewer/editor does n't have to be cross platform but if it 's a linux application it needs a windows analog and vice versa .
most of the problems i have seem to be theoretically solveable with xmp unfortunately there 's not a lot of good viewers/editors for it .
most of them only deal with images but i have audio/video/text/archives/exes/isos etc .
its hard to tell who 's got quality online looking for suggestions for raw denim under 200 thank
i see it like this if a particle can move through the membrane particles can move into the cytosol and then change the osmotic potential thus making it a non isotonic solution .
i have 2 cats of my own and they used to hiss and howl at this cat who would stand outside the window and stare .
we leave the backdoor open as the cats come in and out all the time and as we 're renting we do n't have a cat flap .
the cat has recently started coming into the house one of the cats does n't seem as bothered but my other cat would growl at it .
the cat does n't seem too afraid of me i tried spraying water at it and made it go away last time but it hissed at me and i 'm almost scared it would attack me .
tonight it took several tries to get it to leave the backroom where the cat food is .
i 'm too afraid to approach it to grab it it 's a lot larger than my other cats and does n't seem friendly but it 's also well groomed well it looks clean with no collar .
i 've been thinking about changing my karador deck into either gw or bw too try out different ideas but be able to change back to karador without that much hassle .
do you have any recommendations how to go about that ?
i 've thought about getting more of the same sleeves to be quick to change around but other similar ideas are welcome .
has anyone tried playing with a controller in the betas ?
i want to use one when hot comes out but have no idea how to set it up .
i 've tried google but i did n't understand anything and it seemed out dated
have you read the sidebar and rules http www.reddit.com/r/buildapc/wiki/rules ?
i intend to use this as my main computer and gaming device for the next few years .
if gaming what kind of performance are you looking for ?
basically need to be able to play aaa games for the next few years on high settings with no problems .
i 'm in america but the parts origin country does not matter to me .
post a draft of your potential build here specific parts please .
http www.reddit.com/r/buildapc/wiki/pcpp do n't ask to be spoonfed a build read the rules !
pcpartpicker part list http pcpartpicker.com/p/27bggs price breakdown by merchant http pcpartpicker.com/p/27bggs/by_merchant
i have never built a pc before and have little to no hardware experience .
i 'm from south-east london and support charlton athletic however i 've been wanting to make the trip over to gelsenkirchen to see schalke badly for quite a while .
although it may sound a bit silly i 've become very attached to schalke after managing them for 10 years on football manager fmers among you will know how this feels and i 've found myself rooting for your team when watching on tv etc .
from what i 've heard schalke have some of the best fans in germany and even europe and i 'd really love to experience the atmosphere and see a good game of football at the veltins-arena hopefully with a win !
now here 's my question how easy would it be for someone in my situation to get tickets ?
i 'd want to come for an ordinary bundesliga game on a saturday afternoon .
i 'm sure travel and accommodation etc i plan on using couchsurfer will be fine but will it even be possible to get tickets ?
as i said i know you guys have a reputation for having an incredible fanbase so i do n't know if every fixture will be sold out or what ?
will i need some kind of membership in order to get a ticket ?
an ideal game to attend would obviously be the dortmund game but as this is n't until much later in the season perhaps the hoffenheim game in december would be more achievable or even the friday night kick off vs hannover 4th dec .
if anybody could give me any info that would be great
im in the process of divorcing my wife and im worried she may blackmail me .
i currently work in a project based environment and make quite a bit more than she does .
over the course of this project we didi a fantastic job of spending almost all of the money that i earned i 've only recently been able to put a few thousand away.my project ends at the end of november and i will have maybe 4,000 saved and after that i will be on unemployment of 475 a week for most likely the next 4-6 months as i look for another project .
tonight she hacked into my email accounts and found some extremely sensitive and embarrassing emails to other men whom i have been involved with during the time that we have been together .
its not something i 'm proud of but i did it and i own that .
it actually has nothing to do with why i am seeking a divorce but its now become a mitigating factor .
im afraid that she will take this opportunity to take advantage of me financially and leave me in ruins .
she had already threatened to liquidate my personal belongings i removed the majority of them from our shared apartment and placed them in storage .
i need some help figuring out what the standard for spousal support looks like i live in oregon .
we have both worked full time or near full time since we started our relationship with a few exceptions lasting only a few months each time .
ive taken the car which was a gift from my parents but left her my computer also a gift from my parents as well as all of the other shared belongings .
im worried that she will threaten to send my friends family and coworkers copies of my emails if i do not agree to give her our car and half of my income .
please help me this would surely mean being ostracized from my career not to mention the friends and family .
i keep telling him to start with the first book but he refuses .
it 's probably my own fault for telling him that asos is the best one .
but he 's confident because he 's seen the shows that he does n't need to read the first two even though i 've told him that he will be really confused with all the extra characters in the books that have been otherwise cut from the show .
what can i say to him that will convince him to start at agot ?
hi guys i 'm an international student and i 'm not really sure what schools are reaches and what schools are matches for myself .
some of my stats are sat 2100 650 cr 760 math 690 wr 9 essay single sitting ib predicted 41/45 hl econ 7 hl business 7 hl math 6 sl physics 7 sl thai 6 sl english 6 ib theory of knowledge cas
ecs varsity swimming 2 years varsity badminton 4 years captain won several awards like coaches ' choice seasac mvp etc. singha h.h .
competitive badminton club operation smile cat rep abrsm piano grade 8 completer kumon program completer for reading math amnesty international 1 year rotc 3 years i played golf too but that was in middle school won some tournaments doe bronze international award uk intermediate mathematical challenge gold certificate qualified for pink kangaroo round top 25 of pupils in uk schools volunteer work at local thai school teaching english to the kids 20 hrs
top of school and top 10 internationally for uk investment competition
work experience sme bank public bank in thailand wrote two articles for them and got published 80 hrs a life assurance 40 hrs gon na go to kbank commercial bank in thailand for 80 hrs soon
at first i was interested in ucla ucb umich uva but i feel like my scores are n't up to par so i was wondering what schools are appropriate .
edit hey i realized i didnt put some other info in so i intend to major in economics and as for school i do n't really mind for location but size i would prefer a medium to large university .
public or private does not really matter for me .
my company is planing to switch our emails from rackspace to office365 so i 've been tasked to set up the whole thing .
i created and verified our domain on office365 but did n't complete the setup yet got adfs running and synced all our users to office365 .
the only thing that worries me now is when i complete the email setup will the outlook client be able to connect to our new office365 accounts using our ad credentials just the thought of this not working is giving me nightmares .
google tells me that this feature will be available at some point in outlook2013 and is available in outlook2016 out of the box '' and since we 're currently using outlook2010 we definitely have to upgrade .
has anyone done something like this recently and which client do you use ?
so i get on to do the gun tests for mister gun man this week as i do every other week .
the fustion rifles requires you to kill vex minotaur for data you need to kill 5
i got to 4 and now every minotaur i kill does nothing wondering if there are any tricks i could do in order to reset this .
i literally have no stores to try out these headphones nearby so i need all your expertise .
what would you say the difference is between their portability soundstage highs lows mids comfort and general clarity ?
which one would you recommend to an audiophile the most and which one to a consumer who just wants nice sounds ?
visto che sono intenzionato a passare a wind anche per ridurre i costi del cellulare siccome vodafone ha attivato a mia insaputa delle offerte sono passato dal negozio di fiducia che mi ha consigliato l'offerta big di wind .
yeah well i though about putting some alts into a renter corp to make some iskies for my pvp-addiciton d so here is the question now which alliances am i supporting with this money if i am in
edit i heard that b0t doesnt exist anymore and the rent i pay there is still going to xxdeathxx instead of pl ?
importantly we found no evidence for a causal role of vegetarian diet in the etiology of mental disorders .
rather our results are more consistent with the view that the experience of a mental disorder increases the probability of choosing a vegetarian diet or that psychological factors influence both the probability of choosing a vegetarian diet and the probability of developing a mental disorder .
for depressive disorders anxiety disorders and somatoform disorders and syndromes we found that on average the adoption of the vegetarian diet follows the onset of mental disorders .
although differences in nutrition status before the actual start of the vegetarian diet affecting vulnerability to mental disorders can not be ruled out completely our temporal finding is more consistent with the view that psychological mechanisms cause the associations between vegetarian diet and mental disorders .
first because the start of a vegetarian diet on average follows the onset of disorder the experience of a mental disorder may increase the probability of choosing a vegetarian diet i.e. the mental disorder causes the vegetarian diet .
individuals with a history of a mental disorder may exhibit more perceived health-oriented behavior in order to positively influence the course of their disease .
moreover the experience of a mental disorder may sensitize individuals to the suffering of other living beings including animals .
in addition elevated levels of health-related anxiety may lead individuals with mental disorders to choose a vegetarian diet as a form of safety or self-protective behavior because a meat free diet is perceived as more healthy .
second a relatively stable psychological mechanism a third variable may increase the probability of mental disorders and independently increase the likelihood of choosing a vegetarian diet .
the possibility is appealing that psychological mechanisms like the tendency to experience and regulate negative emotions 45,46 high levels of responsibility and perfectionism 47 or contrasting social values of vegetarians 48 might be responsible the pattern of results .
however such possible psychological mechanisms can not easily explain the temporal sequencing of disorders developing before vegetarian diet .
amazon wo n't go after a major game publisher .
can you imagine how many pissed off parents there would be if amazon did n't have rockband ?
got ta score to win looks like they have to score 5
i should mention that at least 2 of these ideas came from user/johnarnaud and his post about a de-levelled skyrim
misschien heeft het te maken heeft met tolerantie op het gebied van drugs prostitutie en homoseksualiteit in vergelijking met andere steden .
10 year update look at these indentations of people avoiding stepping into those original indentations
i can not for the life of me figure out why she made those info-graphics '' they are literally lines above other lines
no that 's actually one of the requirements in these introduction to programming courses .
you can lose points for not leaving enough comments so it 's just better to comment everything as tedious as it is .
we studied literature produced from members from this generalized term .
in time 's arrow samuel clemens made a similar suggestion about starfleet being the 1 and the crew pushes back on it .
i do n't believe everything the federation says about itself but neither do i see why they would feel the need to lie to a 19th-century human when they 've been honest about other aspects of the future .
maybe i hit up u/tarank instead he probably would n't let an opportunity like this slip through his fingers .
i think the winner is in that group of ta keo 5
wft are you doing trying to stand up while driving ?
and thus death grips gives me something to look foward to in life that is n't student loans and constant disappointment .
ooc please dont do this ... im sick of hearing about this ... .
i love how people believe msg is this rare thing that only happens in shady asian restaurants when in reality it 's in basically everything .
i 'm not so sure about park ranger if you have no degree or experience in it because it 's very difficult and competitive to land a job doing that just because of the huge amount of people hundreds applying for those jobs .
if you do n't mind not making a whole lot of money there 's jobs in conservation with the california conservation corps or american conservation experience lots of different organizations do this these are just the names that pop up in my head now making a small stipend doing trail restoration where you 'll be outside .
i 'm moving to boston in january for a postdoctoral position at mit .
all in all i am pretty happy with how things have turned out .
however it was difficult to spend 5 years in graduate school making 20k a year wile most of my friends are engineers who entered the work force right out of college and have good salaries .
at least i did n't have to pay to go to graduate school .
wood pitched a bunch last night and has to go again tonight .
that 's a good one that i would n't have necessarily thought of .
i do n't normally post topics so i will definitely keep this in mind thanks .
you must have missed the point where i said you can shit on bad players p good players can play against the fact that you have a medic that isnt medicing and just go straight ahead and instagib you .
that font is worse than anything they 're saying .
very nice do you think your 306 titan will be going into hm straight away ?
ideally the loot you get on your hunter should be able to help boost your titans light level beforehand !
i was questioning the light leaks myself after i published it .
i may have sounded like a dick i admit that but it was because of the two bottom messages he sent .
this was n't my first run in with this guy so i knew what i was up against .
tennessee bottlers barney and ally hartman developed mountain dew as a mixer. 10 soft drinks were regional in the 1930s and the hartmans had difficulty in knoxville obtaining their preferred soda to mix with liquor preferably whiskey so the two men developed their own .
keith 's night is all balls and hooking up with people ! !
over a million palestinians live in israel have their own towns and full israeli citizenship .
of course you could restrict that definition to only palestinians who live in the west bank and gaza the so-called 1967 palestinians .
but then you would n't be able to explain the first map where they 're all included into one nation .
or indeed how can any pre-1967 panels even exist .
jack is unconscious and he has a hole in his abdomen .
they give pretty good insight into how injuries are coming along and what we should expect from recovering players .
you 're meant to use the site 's article heading as the title of your posting .
if more people push for something like this maybe someone would at least try it some day .
and frankly this particular couple because of their comics history is really the only one where you could .
a relationship does not have to be boring i really think a relationship itself can be more interesting than the build-up .
plus lots of things happen to couples there 's steps involved engagements weddings babies etc .
and yes that all happened to barry/iris in the comics .
i also disagree that fans of a superhero show are fans of the soap opera triangle stuff people watch actual soaps if they want to see that kind of relationship drama .
superhero show fans are mostly tuning in for the action and villains they would be totally fine with a solid love story .
yes if you threaten things often that 's bad and likely to backfire because it wo n't be believed after a while .
on the other hand never considering the possibility that the relationship could end is a recipe for misery .
a happy relationship is one where both partners ' lives are enhanced by it .
sometimes getting there requires renegotiation of the terms of the relationship .
there can be no negotiation if there is nothing to negotiate with .
here is a more nuanced take on dread http therationalmale.com/2012/03/27/dread-games
ahh i always thought it was a 1to1 deal with lovers .
i did n't know her as i was very young .
over the years i have become very close with my cousin her son who was in high school when it happened .
he does n't ever talk about it with the exception of once when he was very drunk .
he said something about it that stuck with me .
he said that the thing he remembers most about that day was that before she had ended her life she packed him a lunch for school .
and i think in some way that comforts him to this day .
knowing that even though her struggle in life became too difficult to handle he was on her mind and she still cared .
isnt it a 30 year old spaceship at this point ?
unless luke 's lightsaber or something was on there .
why go on a mission to find the ship 30 years later ?
we do n't know whether or not they had to cut stuff due to time constraints look at the older nfs games many have cut stuff .
perhaps they might 've gone ambitious with the visuals and left out some little things that will be added later as they said .
to me it does n't make sense that they 're leaving out something obvious for no reason ... after paying much attention to the community .
i thought i was the only one calling jordy white lightning .
i like having this lesser version of it nonetheless .
i think overall it 's a cool thing and i would n't mind one day seeing a cycle vertical or horizontal of creatures with it .
our an enchantment that gave it to a creature .
either way thank you for bringing it to my attention .
and cool card even if i do think it 's a bit much for common p
she also showed up to the town carrying the most guns .
then it 's been all this crappy teehee what 's a gun ? ''
now that i think about it i 've hated her character from the start .
can anybody comment on the quality of the run the jewels apparel ?
specifically the crewneck sweatshirts if you know anything about those
well the epic collapse of the mets is gon na be really really epic
at a glance the first thing i can say is that gunners do n't have lock and load .
while suppressing shooting and overwatching during a longer fight the gunner will have to take a full turn to reload .
as far as aim goes there is only a 3 aim difference between the two at msgt .
sentinel in the gunner is also going agaisnt ec and mayhem while the infantary has to choose only between resilience and beo good perks nonetheless
tl dr infantary has lock 'n load for 0 downtime while the gunner has to reload sometime .
we give you casino dollars so i feel like we should have the win .
i know a guy who grew up with two moms .
nonbio mom was dad '' received father 's day cards was called dad etc .
your submission was removed because it looks like you 're posting music without a correct title .
does it have spaces around the dash and does it have the genre ?
forgetting these points are almost definitely why it was removed .
you will need to delete this post before submitting again click on delete above .
if you are not posting music please resubmit with the appropriate tag in the title
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/music if you have any questions or concerns .
if this was a trailer for anything it would be heavily flawed .
the creepy footage in itself would scare the average person and therefore reduce the amount of advertisement efficiency losing them money and income .
the subliminal messages would not be noticed nor cracked by the average person which means the amount of work put into doing this would of gone unnoticed and deemed pointless therefore a waste of resources .
the seven hundred club is what robertson called his ministry/tv business at first when he sold memberships .
i just wish something horrible would happen to him .
one day a computer science asked me and my friend to help him input some information about the japanese language test .
in return he will give us good grade and help us with our school study .
after we input the fucking info he told us that just about 1/10 of the stuff we had to worked on .
then he asked us to come to help him tomorrow and the day after . ''
come to my apartment '' he said '' i even had a pool '' .
the first day there ws about 10 of us .
on the second days he bought us breakfast and lunch and evening meal .
but then sometimes he was gone left us with his fucking job .
long story short he never invited us to his house .
on the third day there was two of us he left us in the school over night outside of the fucking classroom and go drank some beers i could tell it because he smell like shit did n't even buy us dinner .
after that he called me told me how sorry he was that his wife kick him out of the house bla bla .
but then stupid me omg fuck stupid me think that if we do n't help him through this shit all things we done will end up in vain no high mark no helping he told us he was the principle little brother that piece of shit .
then i decided to called him and tell i was gon na help him .
then the same shit repated again but now only me had to suffer it .
when i done with that shit he drove me to some street food place and buy me a cheap shit hot pot .
then i had to hear him to me about how great he was how rich he was how he could make every girl love him .
he said '' did i promise you i will give you some marks ? ''
i know what to do do n't question about it '' that when i left .
i wanted to punch that fucker in the face so much .
but then two weeks later he dared to called me again and asked me to help him with that same shit .
not only he was the worst teacher ever he also the worst human that i met .
as a physics teacher i 've got ta say that teaching pure math is much harder than any science regardless of how much applied mathematics is involved .
really you did an eva marie promo in the dark ?
i am he as you are he as you are me
see how they run like pigs from a gun see how they fly
by the way by getting so upset over a comment online you have demonstrated to me how ineffective you must actually be .
i do find it quite hilarious how engrossed in your pursuit of power you must be to make a statement like when you find yourself punished know that it is i who am your tormentor . ''
is that creeping dread i feel your breath on my neck ?
go just so fucking hard you ca n't walk tomorrow .
and when i reply on this sub for the remainder of my interest in the occult know that it is because you are an ineffectual keyboard warrior with a severe case of magus-itis .
i would uh drop a mic but that would be my phone and ya know .
seriously though re-read the trail of comments and see which one of us snapped first .
i would suggest 5 dried grams of psilocybin mushrooms in a dark room on an empty stomach .
that should cure you of your i am '' disorder and send you back to reality where you are just another redditor with a temper .
i am fairly partial to the word cretin as i rather fancy calvin and hobbes .
maybe do a tarot spread on your word choices next time so you 're a bit more insulting .
my choice of the word sweetheart seemed to hit the nail on the head much better but then again what would i know .
of everything from the 2004 alcs jason hammel sure did pull a kevin brown
home game against a team with a defense thats in shambles and offense is struggling as well .
john brown and fitzgerald are going to have field days this game .
this shit is so irritating that we have raised people to be such pathetic cry babies that they ca n't deal with what might '' be said .
omg someone could possibly say something i dont like or that i disagree with ... to the safe space mobile ... lets get to the safe space cave fast !
la la la la la la la la safe space man ... er woman !
with a stipulation that he would step down from his job as chairman of operations if he lost but he won but the next night stepped down as chairman of operations anyway .
actually if someone knows of any official standard i 'd love to know too .
i ca n't tell that these are actual cosplays .
would be nice to see the originals before all the photoshop and models/textures were added .
it was ovious cuz he coulda made a shorter statement than he made already by saying i bought it '' it was too obvious he didnt pay for it and now we know for a fact he didnt .
i saw it too for like a second then it disappeared but mine lasted a bit more than yours .
who knows maybe they 're testing it for tomorrows drop or something
remember when there was a huge flag making craze for when each civ chose an ideology in the battle royale mk .
that 's what we needed the god damn top line to do their thing and they did .
a bass at that price point will be junk as in hardly playable if it works at all .
you 're talking probably double that to get an entry level bass .
a bow costs at least a few hundred bucks you could blow your whole budget on just a mid-range bow .
just a set-up from a luthier and a set of strings to get your new bass up to scratch can set you back 300-400 .
talk to your music teachers at school and get some recommendations for rentals .
your school probably works with somebody local already or will know where to go .
you could definitely rent a decent bass that 's set up and ready to go a bow and carrying case for a year with your budget .
assuming 45k is pre-tax and estimating 20 for taxes/insurance that leaves you about 36k in take home pay 3,000 a month .
a good rule of thumb for housing is it should be no more than 40 of your income and landlords might not rent to you if you would have to pay more than that .
so barring any other expenses/debt you should plan on no more then 1,200/month in rent .
if utilities are included you could possibly afford more .
it would be a good idea to estimate how much you spend a month and see how that compares to what you would have left after paying 1,200 plus utilities to see if that 's a comfortable number then look around for up to the max price you think you can afford .
for 1,200 a month you should be able to find a room at the least .
a quick look at craigslist turn up some studios and you might possibly find a 1 br .
i 'm sure you can get plenty of advice here on landlords to avoid or recommendation for places you can afford if you ask .
i really hope there 's a way to manually tighten and loosen the laces when the tightening mechanism fails .
so if i keep bumping into them under the speed limit ...
never played much wow but i think a warlock could be cool .
i do think they should focus on the other franchises a bit more right now .
i know they have a few wow heroes slated so id personally like to see a diablo reveal !
do you have a link to your previous aar 's ?
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/ayymd if you have any questions or concerns .
i agree with most of what you said but i 'm starting to notice that huge pink diamond is not really needed until 32 even then not necessary if made up in other areas .
i feel that cat 's eye is more important than huge pink diamond .
silver knight does a surprisingly high amount of damage if combined with gold .
i 'm starting to become a bigger believer in gold after a recent run .
i cleared 32 very easily without huge pink diamond when i had a gold instead .
i also tend to break things down based on of turns/rounds .
generally i have a weird system where if by lvl 15 or so i 'm not 1 or 2 on rounds meaning i have done full summon on at least 1 silver and not wasted a single round yet i will restart because i know it wo n't really get me passed round 35 without insane luck to make up for a slower start .
i do n't know if that makes any sense but i do n't really have the energy to explain it right now haha .
if i 'm already in the red by means of counting rounds i will restart pretty much immediately prior to lvl 20 ... unless i have been getting really important tower combinations .
i do n't think there are ever guides for expansions so ya but run the whole game blind at least once
guess he figured it 's time for him to go by his last name since the girls are now .
drop ordnance on tanks shoot your gun at troops and trucks .
i 've got 3 tattoos so far all inspired by manson i plan to get a few more tattoos in the future and they most likely wo n't be related to manson .
i have on my hand a red cross of lorraine .
on my wrist i have the heart symbol that he has but mine is smaller .
and near my elbow i have a black us flag but in the top left where the 50 stars would normally be i have the dollar sign swastika he used briefly during the high end of low era .
how long do you spend per day prepping food ?
my meals tend to be a lot simpler and not as pretty but i 'd love to learn some of this stuff to give my girlfriend and i a nice lunch or something !
i just hopped along the left side wall to get the chest .
it gets you there with plenty of time to spare .
tough but i 'd take brown with a week of practice with landry jones .
that must be awful especially because there is so much writing in geometry .
lander needs to screen the goalie not just sit around waiting to bury the garbage .
i did n't get anything from you until today .
but i believe you that you attempted to contact me .
i did get your reply today though and appreciate it .
best to just give you an article to it https eo.wikipedia.org/wiki/volapuko_kaj_esperanto
you are suffering from some kind of psychosis perhaps even schizophrenia .
my son 's sister in law gets this way from time to time .
still with free fup hooray faster internet capped at 30/50gb per month .
we played him on the wing four seasons ago .
i had considered that but i thought it might be the owner 's initials too and figured it did n't change the meaning either way .
it might be helpful to see if you can boot from your usb on a different device .
thanks for your submission to r/sports unfortunately your post was removed because it does not comply with the following rules
general infringement your post was removed because it was either non-sports related low-quality content contained personal information broke fair-use rules or in our judgement is not fit for this subreddit .
if you believe a mistake was made please feel free to message the moderators including a link to the removed post .
aj green is a top tier wr while lynch is injury prone along with rawls being productive
i think i need new glasses or something it looks to blurry to tell for sure but then again i skipped around .
maybe there was a moment that it 's clearer than others ?
we are a couple in northwest phoenix in our early 30s with a three year old .
we also love board games video games table top games and general nerd culture .
you have a good eye for proportion which is very difficult to learn i think .
lots of interesting design i like the drawer dividers and through tenons .
i even like the half lap on the leg stretcher .
pine like a lot of softwoods is a bear to plane .
if you had cherry or poplar i bet it 'd look perfect .
super sharp and low angle is the way to plane pine particularly end grain .
there 's a reason everyone demonstrates how sharp their blades are on end grain pine !
the free legs have a long lever arm and wo n't resist much racking .
i 'm sure the drawer box anchors it well but i 'd feel better with a cross brace of some kind to stop the shear .
i 'd hate to see the exposed tenons come loose over time due to racking .
someone throws out a hypothetical well produced video of it is already made and easy to view .
most people would describe genderfluid as a subset of trans i think ?
statistics say that yearly there 's less than a hundred attacks .
hell since 1580 there 's only been under 3 thousand recorded unprovoked shark attacks .
al jefferson plays like my grandpa slowly walking in a playground watching the kids running wild .
after summerween we had to wait months for boss mabel .
and then after boyz crazy we had to wait months for tlbs .
and then we had to wait 364 days for seaso uh i think you get it .
i can understand getting rid of it since i might not want to wear it again but the ritual destruction is just melodramatic and childish .
i think these few have been worth it but putting her through a winter would be cruel .
i do have tons of photos of her even though she loathes it .
i always think i 'm okay and then when i 'm away from her i think of it and tear up .
it 'll be wretched going home and not seeing her there .
i 've never had an animal in my life so happy just to be near me .
fire two bullets pull down for the next 3 crouch for the rest .
fair warning listening drastically increases your chance of being pulled over for speeding .
sure i 'm just waiting for the evidence supporting the argument that the class of people unfairly targeted '' by the picture this post is based off of is actually oppressed in justification of the rage exuded in many of these comments .
i 've said this a lot tonight but i 'm pretty sure i heard more let 's go bruins at the colorado game then tonight .
that being said we played horrible in our own zone .
it 's not like i w-wanted your help ok ! !
b-but if you insist on helping i will only accept the best !
well you know what they say about well-behaving women rarely making history so it 's go big or go home from here on out .
edit which really means i 'll be most likely having my third jell-o shot and muttering about people who do n't know the difference between your and you 're when a video of me goes viral on youtube and it goes completely wrong .
it 's an english novel or light novel idk about an average guy being stuck in a time loop and wanting to break out .
do n't want to give too much away ... will say that it has the most realistic '' character growth out of any of the novels that i 've read .
very well written and i would n't hesitate to buy it if it was ever published .
after getting the max ilvl for my class and not having a static i would help random pf groups or dutyfinder groups .
the catch was i would n't equip my soul stone .
i knew the raids perfectly i stayed thru the wipes and i did top or close to top dps with carby .
it is/was troll-condescending because it was typically desperate for clear type people i did that to .
he could bend the ear of some of those republicans ... they seem to like the guy .
that rocket journey had me on the floor the entire time .
i can just picture him running through crowds holding a camera in an outstretched arm getting people to react .
you guys have always been our bogey and you 've been playing good football so far .
can you leave your skype so people can reach you ?
worn them only three times and they are just a tad too big .
my arteries started hardening in sympathy just looking at those .
this is a great example of a mua using layering to make a two dimensional makeup look like more than it is .
layer 1 the writing which is done with a red tattoo pen .
layer 2 fleshtone alcohol ink about two shades darker than the actor 's skin tone which lays out the general shape of the lettering and makes it look a touch raised .
layer 3 careful use of black shading on a few of the letters to make them look cut into the skin .
layer 4 a light speckling of scab blood to complete the effect .
practice makes perfect do n't wait until the day of to apply or you will be disappointed .
seems he didnt enter the van but was comforted with a hug from the driver
wow giving ipads to kids in poor countries sodasopa to sift through social media crap .
the plumbus is the perfect metaphor for must have '' items .
everything looked great master 's degree completed job lined up beautiful and caring girlfriend until september 1st .
opportunity fell through and my girlfriend and i split although on good terms .
i 've been working on both getting hired and figuring out our friendship but neither seems to be going right .
my anxiety and depression have been getting the best of me lately but i 'm working hard and i really do have a feeling i 'll get what i deserve soon .
that 's one thing that makes west ham players tough to pick it 's the largest roster in the league so there will be some rotating .
on the internet no one knows you 're a wildebeest .
not many people know this but you can put your weed in there
do you have any idea how expensive a tripod is ?
i lost my wallet a year ago and have n't got it replaced .
i went over to the library and told them my predicament .
that wo n't help me at all considering i do n't need the trinket for laning phase at all and i usually lose because the other lanes lose so hard that the vision wo n't really matter .
it may seem the same reason as everyone says but really vision is not the problem here there 's just endless 'aram ' games .
during the past month how long in minutes has it usually taken you to fall asleep each night ?
how are we supposed to know this ? ? ?
could someone send me to where i can see these borders
did n't know this went on sale on amazon this morning .
they only made 6500 of them http www.businessinsider.com/pepsis-back-to-the-future-promotion-backfires-2015-10 and now a bunch of penny pinchers are throwing them up on ebay for over 500 ?
does seem a bit soon though ... i wonder how they 're going to handle it ...
i 'd hate for them to have to resort to filler .
i was looking into those tires and they have awesome reviews .
did you get yours locally or go online for yours ?
well yeah but was he top 5 in past years ?
i have oob groot and dancing groot and in box miles morales .
i 'm not starting him but i 'm super comfortable flexing him .
the matchup is great and if you actually watch him play he looks the part .
this is so similar to what my friend 's prom date said from the other bed in the motel we rented after prom .
you 're going to win i promise but slow down ... ''
this is where you have crossed the line y implying shias arent muslims .
i did n't intent a false dilemma in that question .
you refuse to understand or use any reasoning at all when listening for an answer dont waste my time with bullshit questions if you dont want to listen for answers .
i am going to say this once and for all all shias do is ask the imams to pray for them like you would ask your friend
i did n't even say whether they 're dead or alive .
now whether or not they can actually hear us is an issue of fiqh
i 'm talking about the act of calling upon them .
i hope i was clear because this is the last freaking time i am going to tell you this me and others have said this atleast 30 times and you dont seem to have noticed
you are clear except for one point do the shee'ah call upon their imaams ?
use the same definition as when muslims call upon allaah .
and i 'm not intending to excluding shee'ahs from the muslims '' part of that sentence .
idea trudeau lost the election so he kept timetraveling back to ensure he won .
i can connect my hands behind my back and bring them in front of me by bending my arms over my head while not letting go of my hands .
you speak as if most people do n't have tv speakers or a home theatre system .
all of them have donated more money to charity than you and your family will dream of making in a lifetime .
i did n't cold call people if that 's what you mean .
my day to day included hitting certain sales goals .
i found this very weird when i was graduating college .
i was posting to the comment i replied to .
they were talking about the 80 hour work week of most accountants '' .
and if you 're going for your cpa and not even making 40k then you just have a shitty employer .
saw my kitchen looked weird thought it was a glitch .
zoomed in further to see it was halloween stuff .
so question this must have been apart of the 1.2 update right ?
they wouldnt be able to change things for us without us downloading something right ?
thanks for the reply i did test my connection in different browsers and got the same result as chrome .
i found it a bit odd that my speed got better after the comcast rep told me to reset chrome i think that just happened to be coincidental .
i know if i check tomorrow or in a few hours it will be back to 50 for a bit .
i just want to know why it 's so inconsistent .
i use my thrustmaster th8 as a handbrake works pretty well
or just wait long enough jim has a reddit account .
i tried to talk to my ex about his emotionally abusive ways and though he denied it i began research and realized he fit all the psychopathic descriptions .
when i tried to talk about it with him he denied everything and insisted i was the asshole for even suggesting it .
later he had to take a polygraph test for a job and failed it twice because they could n't get any emotional responses '' from him .
i would never remotely consider dating anyone like that again .
haha sorry man the hublot still serves a very important role of sitting in its case on a shelf looking pretty
to be fair you basically said without bernier we played like shit with the '' he made what could have been a 4-1 game a 1-1 game .
do n't take this the wrong way do you sub to r/short too ?
yeah he went from the leader to the christmas lantern to just another green lantern again which is really sad .
he 's a rams fan so i guess he is in love with gurley .
i was too cause he might be the next great thing but could n't pass this up .
i work at 7am so i 'll be in bed by midnight
there is one particular size 2 missile the tempest that detonates at greater distance from the enemy ship than any other missile and it is crippling .
i have n't tried the most recent balance but i 'd say its a huge upgrade so far
yeah this article is from two months ago apparently the one in salt lake was n't operational yet .
i felt really bad cause out of the three of us me and one other guy had the same sized dick .
but then i realized ... oh yeah ... you probably do n't actually live in america .
so america bombs people into oblivion then these people have no homes and move to the west .
if america stayed the fuck out of syria and stopped arming terrorists they would happily stay in syria rather than move to the west .
again the first choice of refugees is the eu not the us .
also america has a very low proportion of residents born outside the country .
if you gon na buy it day one like me it doesnt mater if you pickup it now or later .
so i picked this game up and i had a blast .
but after two hours i did ask for a refund .
for a game that 's suppose to be about replay ability it just lacks depth .
the same strategy will always work without fail and with very few things to interact with along with some annoynaces like it taking forever to run from one side of your kingdom to another after you 've built it up and the farmer npc 's refusing to come to a safe spot thus dying almost every night just annoys me .
really this game is fun for a few hours until you figure it out because after that there 's noting left to it .
it seems more like a 1 game i might buy on my phone rather than a 10 desktop indie game .
reminds me of the time i kept rolling ones on my d20 .
i tried pushing a hobgoblin off a nearby ledge .
wound up caressing his back in an intimate manner .
like can it be jokey but sort of right since everyone will know ?
honestly my experience is that observatories rarely have any real impact on how games play out in the mod .
originally nerfing observatories was one of the most requested things for the mod but realistically it seems rare that observatories have real meaningful impact on games anymore .
what if they 're a plant-human hybrid and have a high lead tolerance ?
i do n't feel that i need to pick or choose anything though .
a modded retail xbox jtag/rgh would run the game just fine if a copy was leaked
meh ... to be honest i do n't think that 's entirely fair .
i see this expressed a lot the view that nice guys '' are really manipulative creeps who just act nice '' in order to get sex .
i 've honestly never met a guy like that. is n't it more likely that they 're socially/romantically inexperienced and are trying to do what the media and well-meaning parents have taught them be nice be romantic be a gentleman and so on in order not just to get sex but to be able to form a meaningful relationship with someone ?
and yet because they 're not very good at it everyone sees it as okay to shit on them and basically proclaim that they deserve to be alone forever because they must be manipulative creeps deep inside i just know it ! ''
i have however known guys who were good at using the nice romantic gentleman '' routine to pick up girls only to turn back into their selfish abusive selves later on when they got tired of them .
i use the checkout page to estimate shipping costs all the time to see if a lower price is available on a non-amazon site .
most of the time the total cost is higher so i leave the checkout page and go buy it on amazon .
one of the many possible reasons why people may abandon their carts is because there is not much conclusive data in it or the users might be bothere with it and you 'll have no way of knowing without performing some qualitative research .
i was able to beat a druid who played astral communion turn 4 .
i was a dirty druid player as well but no astral .
he got stuck on me smash without many minions out .
i bided my time for a great maiden play .
every time you go to certain areas of a map it triggers a patrol or a truck to go through .
if you do an eliminate the wandering puppets side mission in an area with this trigger you can experiment with the guards and the puppets .
i figured out today that it 's impossible to wake up a sleeping guard in front of a puppet .
and that you can also kick guards to death .
not sure which timezone you are in but i am in gmt+1 and online for the next 16 hours or so .
i bought my buddy chris this beautiful shogo makishima psycho pass antagonist body pillow for his birthday last year got ta say it actually was pretty decent quality .
woah hang on a minute i fantasise about my death fairly often but i thought that was down to depression not narcissism .
oh dear i knew there was a reason i identified with bojack so much .
agreed do n't forget to write some sob story in the application about how you first started out as a racist bigot but came around to accept diversity .
also do n't forget to pander to the left leaning admissions board about how you think everyone should be paid 40 dollars an hour to promote world peace .
including a personal statement about your community service time spent jerking off armless hobos never hurts either .
god that part where he ca n't stop washing his hands gave me some serious feels
if you have a mic on the side of your head or the kinect all people hear is your home theater system echoing through their headset .
i say fuck it masood wo n't last cheers for being stupid enough to pick him now let him go after the attack .
it 's the lu '' sound going into the nch '' sound that i hate .
got d. thomas den on the bye and b. lafell ne still hurt .
pick 2 or three if you think the third is better than hyde or woodhead in flex
i really ca n't single out any moments from tw1 or tw2 well actually maybe when i finally collected all the stuff i needed for raven 's armor in tw1 i mean it 's not that hard but it was very satisfying .
you mean the amount of storage you chose in the model you purchased ?
i recently decided i want to give the whole idea of making something out of already produced music '' i want to share my music interest with people i want to play music for people that want to hear it just to see a bit of joy in them .
so i picked up traktor pro and watched some guide videos i know i 'm months if not years away from even getting close to what i want to do but after 2 weeks with traktor and 3 days with my newly acquired traktor kontrol z1 i decided i wanted to record my first mix and put it online for friends and why not share it here if anyone has any negative or positive feedback .
people is why i want to do this after all .
so here is the link https soundcloud.com/eu-phor-ic/blurred-vision let me know what you think !
the main focus was the flow and the song selection trying to get a certain feel '' going and not manual beat-matching or perfect transitions .
outside of the u.s no-one uses these letter grades '' so i 'm asking everyone not in the u.s where they are in life .
because the a b c f shit is exclusive and maybe even borderline culturalist .
we use percentages or scores like 7 out of 10 .
i do n't even know what values is attached to what letter with you 'muricans .
i know an f is super bad and does anyone ever even get an e ?
as a teenager 14-15/f when i lived in arizona i lived right by a circle k and if i could n't find a ride/did n't want to walk i would stand outside and ask people if i gave them gas money if they 'd drop me off about 3 miles down the road at my friends .
yes i realize how incredibly stupid this was especially living 2 1/2 3 hrs away from the mexican border .
i had and still do a very bold outspoken some people go as far as to say a tenacious personality .
i knew the risks i guess i just did n't care .
i did n't wan na die i just did n't really care if i did .
just curious as to the double standard you are referring to .
shitty ceo 's are never fired she 'll transition into another role which allows her to focus more time on her family and other interests '' and yahoo will give here 100 million dollars to help her on her way .
this submission has been automatically removed because it is not a direct link .
please submit links ending in .gif .gifv .ogg .mp4 .webm only .
if it does not end in the aforementioned then the submission will be removed from r/gifs .
please review the guidelines in the sidebar about the types of submissions that are appropriate for r/gifs
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gifs if you have any questions or concerns .
the question is how long will they take orders for .
if the answer was less than 15 minutes i 'd bother .
if it 's a whole day then definitely do n't bother .
cross with potter ptsd 'd and paranoid taylor reincarnates and appears as an 11 year old in diagon alley gets adopted by the tonks the longbottoms the weasleys or something like that and ends sorted into slytherin during harry 's first year there .
or maybe start her a few years below harry and have her first year be the triwizard tournament so she gets included in the shenanigans that happen that year .
also i ca n't get the image of tom 's diary screaming in pain while memetic taylor talks to it out of my head .
not even remotely similar to this idea but riding acromantulas and understanding magical biology https forums.spacebattles.com/threads/riding-acromantulas-and-understanding-magical-biology-harry-potter-worm.315253 is about s9-arc taylor and amy becoming hermione and harry if you 've not read it .
but ... unless you 're also weighting/counting all the ingredients which sure for the meat and cheese maybe you do but ... lettuce ?
you just put a handful there smaller bread means a smaller amount of toppings '' .
try starting with both switches in parallel since both lights require at least one bulb you could place one in series to the paralell
it helps a lot of people enduring terrible things and it helps a lot more have a good time .
maybe it 's a big twist because of the repercussions it 'll have going forward ?
the fact that you google grandfather clocks allll the time or that you always type in cocks instead of clocks
if everyone rushed jewelry store we 'd get alot of them .
people are treating russell wilson the same way many people treat romo .
wilson is actually playing with stats almost identical to rodgers this year obviously wilson is n't on rodgers level i 'm not saying that but this is something to consider .
rodgers 124 completions on 182 attempts for a 68.1 completion .
wilson 124 completions on 180 attempts for a 68.9 completion .
the big differences are that rodgers has twice as many td's and wilson has 2.5 times as many sacks as rodgers at 26 .
wilson is getting murdered every game and he still manages to make things work .
when you take the lead you need a fully upgraded car to even lap anybody and someone who was 6 seconds back will be on your tail in no time at all .
i would always pit early and run a lap down just to make sure i did n't get that .
well that 's a show i wish i could go to damn .
thank you for the feedback and information is it possible you can send us a private message with a video of what you are experiencing in-game ?
for people wondering why the text is from the song smoke two joints by sublime .
the yt content id bot has always been flawed and it shows no signs of changing .
do n't be surprised that 's just how it is .
hitler dindu nuffin he was a good goy ! ''
do n't you just love it when american bullshit lands in ireland .
since you live in a mental bubble of socialism how about you explain to me why you see liberal as an insult ?
i live in mainstream califoria everyone around me is liberal . ''
liberal '' is normal and desireable not an insult .
i 've always seen it as a term to describe someone who is open to trying new ideas .
which is why liberal '' has often been synonymous with progressive '' in politics as it 's the side that is driving change in society by trying new ideas .
edit to put my point simply the only people socialism is going to attract are the kinds of people who currently self-describe as liberal . ''
calling their self-description an insult is going to win you few friends and less followers .
imagine turning a belt sander up so that the belt is moving about 15 mph .
now imagine pressing that sander against your clothed skin .
it 'll rip the clothes right off and if you push hard enough it 'll rip the skin off too .
i guess i think it 's more useful to players as an indicator of if the game server is connectable rather than just an indication of the physical well-being of the servers .
honestly i 've really not seen evidence of this being widespread .
i 'm sure there 's morons everywhere but most of them just seem to want to work and do their own thing like they did in their own countries and as it is while in processing you 're only allowed to sit around not to work or to integrate or learn the local language or anything useful that would allow them to pay their way '' as you 're saying when asians come .
if you do not speak the local language or at least fluent enough english you are out of luck as far as most employers are considered .
combine that with their relatively low levels of education and most of these people become damn near unemployable .
screaming give them work '' is easy but actually finding them any meaningful employment is not .
do n't disagree there 's chancers and pisstakers mixed in but i do n't think we should be jaded and just assume everyones taking the piss .
by all means help the syrians to the best of our abilities but why are the afghanis the albanians the pakistanis here too ?
transition for 15 minutes when trying to land on small potato
the problem goes on for 3-4 months while fdev looks into it
never again forever items such as lifetime pass..again takes fd
to court and david braben get 's 2 years in wormwood .
3.people start complaining they can not see their buddies or the
fd makes crafting about as fun as working on a spreadsheet
5.cr and mission links between the base game and the small potato 's
are ill thought out leading to much glitching and many billionaires .
6.people discover that there is no actual fun on a potato people stop
7.the base game will still be broken and have less team to work on it
ensuring less people buy the game and the problems start exponentially
8.instancing load increases in popular systems as more players buy the game
jerky fps results people stop playing till it 's fixed .
9.fd decide to sell horizons 6 months after release for £10+basegame only
what i 'm thinking of does n't have as many instruments and is a bit calmer than this .
the na na nas or la la las are similar in rhythm though .
the exams should focus more on helping students express quality ideas not quantity .
i do watch abc and sbs from time to time but mainly on iview or sbs ondemand .
it 's just that the two sides are sjws and trump supporters not sjws and normal people .
to an extremist there is no middle which is why sjws think everyone who 's not 100 with them is a redpiller pua crypto-racist .
it 's one of my few recommendations to people wanting to learn about the prophet 's pbuh life .
unless all your characters progress is deleted when you log off .
the cave bran is in has some warding to prevent the others coming in maybe this will be used ?
there is obviously some old magic that can be used to fight them and maybe bran is the key to unlocking this old power .
or do n't jump into hard if you dont know the mechanics have no mic and dont have at least one green equipped .
also boosts trps and helps the agenda of the opposition .
not to forget destroys the reputation of a man for something he did n't even say .
things you see in this video is mostly prevalent in those backward states not in developed states like mine !
oh wow thats exactly how it is for me lol .
whole season 3 i went between plat 5 and 1 mostly from 5 to 3 and back in a week or so .
and in s3 i was hardcore playing like 1000 win in the season .
last season i made the breakthrough to dia 5 then stopped playing with like 200 wins but this season i stopped playing after i fell from plat 1 to 5 in a week d
so my question is is it safe to use apple id here or is there a better way to prepare the macbook for the next user ?
the apple id will only be used to download the os x installer from the store .
after you reformat your hard drive and reinstall os x the computer restarts to a welcome screen and asks you to choose a country or region .
if you want to leave the mac in an out-of-box state do n't continue with the setup of your system .
when the new owner turns on the mac the setup assistant will guide them through the setup process .
unless the word literally '' was also used as a hyperbole ...
my husband used to have the same dream thought he could never do it .
now he has found so many amazing youtube tutorials he 's actually getting really good .
wait are you working at the school itself or the free college education applies to any school ?
casinos may have self-exclusion programs but that does n't stop someone from going to a pub to play the pokies instead .
i would literally do the complete opposite and point out all the opportunities i missed and give tips on how to capitalize .
it will improve you start up and building times but i 'm not sure you can avoid the lag .
at least in my situation during build everything lags for a while .
have a look at your cpu performance i think it plays a greater role than your ssd .
bush and company are guilty of being absolutely fucking incompetent
do n't forget corrupt no bid contracts and missing billions .
euhm i have something similar the progress bar of the download folder in the dock never goes away when downloaded small files like pictures .
you can resolve this by writing killall dock in the terminal.app .
maybe you can try to write sudo killall finder and if it does't restart automatically write open system/library/coreservices/finder.app
i do n't know if you can do it via dropbox .
you 'd probably have to get the file off of the phone and onto a pc first .
to do that for an iphone you 'll need both itunes and iexplorer installed onto your pc .
you 'll also need to perform a backup to access the vaultx.sav files .
autoplaying videos of every kind on any site are a fucking terrible idea .
yeah the stereotype that a lot of germans can not be intentionally funny is unfortunately a self-fulfilling prophecy .
german comedy compared to a lot of other countries sucks .
there can be some good political cabaret bits though .
weihenstephan abbey weltenburg abbey those two abbeys are in a constant fight over who is the oldest operating brewery in the world .
andechs monastery http www.sta5.de/typo3temp/gb/kloster-andechs-zugspitze-mg17141-2_9fd1_e0d290010c.jpg a brewery on top of a hill near munich with a beautiful view .
they have their own biergarten and you can take a little hike from herrsching to reach it .
herrsching is easy to reach by public transport and by car .
me too this is the first time that i 've seen it and i 've learnt something new today !
and i 'm never going down at the hands of the likes of you because my spaghetti is better !
ah more toxicity from eu really hope you guys do n't win worlds .
i 've done it with rammus on aram with powerball into snowball into blitz e
thinking of the merits of s-clearing an easier master song that 's almost 100 sure to be s-score vs s-clearing a harder song that still needs to be s-combo'ed and thus has a higher chance of only a-scoring .
il y a des chances pour que tu veuilles acheter celle avec laquelle tu as apris p si tu ne vises pas une moto adaptée '' aux jeunes tu vas vite déchanter en regardant le prix de l'assurance .
then i could n't reopen it it 'd just give me a white background .
so then i figured a restart was in order .
i tried all the home power button combinations but got nowhere .
i figured it was as good a time as any to upgrade to 9.0.2 .
i got ta say.. this has been the most painless jailbreak ever !
a small stormtrooper helmet ping pong ball sized would be pretty cool
if not for all the signs in chinese i could 've been in the suburbs of washington dc .
i live in beijing and although i love my little slice of haidian the quality of the buildings weather roads and infrastructure are very different than the suburbs of dc that i 'm used to went out with a girl who lived in arlington .
if you can afford to bring them i would even the high quality hire in the alps is pretty bad compared to what you 're probably bringing .
there 's also some competitive racing against other universities on dry slopes if you fancy getting competitive with it the racing weekends are a laugh .
i 'd also like to say that snow sports is hands down the best society i 've been a part of at the uni the socials and the people are great and the trips are absolutely phenomenal .
how do you make mayo with a pestle and mortar ?
however i dont think you could say its close to being bad at all .
cause we all know muslims invented rape am i rite
ah sick i hope so the caster stuff looks nice .
do the ces work even if the one equipped with it did not battle but is still in the party sub member ?
the ttk is such that if you come up against a primary you win if you come up against another lmg then it 's in the hands of the connection gods whether you win lose or trade .
this comment has been overwritten by an open source script to protect this user apos s privacy .
if you would like to do the same add the browser extension greasemonkey https addons.mozilla.org/en-us/firefox/addon/greasemonkey to firefox and add this open source script https greasyfork.org/en/scripts/10380-reddit-overwrite .
then simply click on your username on reddit go to the comments tab and hit the new overwrite button at the top .
i do n't even get to the interview level as i do n't have the certifications and i got sick of the technical side of the business as i was n't making any improvements to the business and also got sick health wise
patel would have liked not to have a statue of himself ...
er no significant brigading by srs is a myth .
so should i make sure to eat lots of protein to minimize muscle loss ?
that was said by vader to luke with nobody else around and since it involved betraying the emperor i doubt he really flaunted the idea around very much .
for all that wonder 12 pm pdt is 21:00 cet
basically the normal starting time for all setor battles etc .
easy mistakes that come to the top of my mind
not playing taunts in midrange control decks probably tazdingo and sunwalker would be the ones to play .
the usual causes of house price crashes overseas australia has not had one for more than 100 years are linked to rising interest rates a severe tightening in credit conditions bank failure sharp increase in unemployment or severe overbuilding that creates a glut .
what about 50 years of federal tax policy which artificially inflates property prices ?
during every fire sale there 's always someone running around telling everyone to stay calm and not sell .
you know i 've been seeing a lot of posts of fleets some looked quite large some had only a few ships .
i 'd love to take a look at what our fleet looks like when we display all of the ships owned by our 226 at the moment main members not including affiliates .
is there any way to do this short of asking all 226 manually what ships they have ?
de to aviser har i dag valgt at plastre forsiden til med morderen som i går raserede en skole i sverige .
den eneste måde at forhindre fremtidige episoder som denne er at lade være med at fremhæve dem som står bag .
edit det jeg mener er ikke at episoden skal ties ihjel .
men jeg ønsker ikke at morderen skal fremstilles og have tid i medierne til at fremvise deres sag .
dette kan få andre mulige kandidater en idé til at begå samme frygtelige handling .
og jeg tror ikke at dette er den eneste måde at stoppe massemordere på .
de fandtes også før den medietid vi lever i .
men det er et skridt på vejen til et samfund hvor vi giver mere plads til ofrene end til gerningsmændene .
so i 'm ashamed i 've never watched star wars .
but where do i begin mind you i only would like canon material at this point .
could y'all be kind enough to guide in me the right direction .
i have a tab pinned to my email account but safari still closes when i close the last unpinned tab .
there has been a lot of hate for shitty journalism as of late .
the situation with sheldon richardson being the most recent debacle .
i 'm interested in hearing a professionals perspective on this .
is there a lot of pressure from your editors to constantly sensationalize headlines ?
are you just trying to make a name for yourself ?
i want to believe that all journalists started out as fans like myself and really wanted their career to be about more than just bending interviews to make a headline .
it 's taken me a long time to figure out who does what at my job and if they 're top dog or not .
i know there 's gsa then gstl and then other tl 's and then i know about lod 's and hr but everything else is a mystery and even then i 'm not exactly sure who reports to who .
also i have never heard the term etl before .
usually at my job everyone just refers to eachother by name instead of title because there are so few people working here anyway .
i need to know which team combo is good vs which 3. like how many assasins warriors and laners or mage should be ally and how to tackle them .
star swayer i196 drg looking for a group to run savage with a1s clear exp .
by time trophies i mean the complete the borneo chapter in 6 minutes and 30 seconds '' ones .
i 'm almost to platinum for uc2 and i tried to get this legit and i 'm pretty sure i had done it but i did n't get the trophy .
i tried activating the fast motion tweak and finished the level in around 4 minutes and i did n't get the trophy .
can i not chapter-select for these or did i just not do it in time ?
i have never written a fanfic before but i do have a lot of experience writing fiction as a hobby .
i have been reading a lot of fan fics and i have the sudden urge to write one of my own but i have no inspiration as to what .
i wanted to ask the sub what they would like to see as far as interesting ideas possibly ones they have never seen yet and do n't have the urge to write themselves but would like to read .
i am pretty much open to most ideas except crack ships .
i would like to stick pretty close to the canon of the show but i do n't mind going a little beyond that as i enjoy the show casually and do n't have a strong memory for small details in the show or lingo involved with the show other than the basic stuff like grimm huntress etc .
all netanyahu 's statement about the grand mufti is going to do is incite more violence in the west bank .
he knows it 's going to make people mad .
his comments before march 's election underscore the same thing he is n't really interested in peace .
there is no way you can misunderstand what he said .
whoever moves to establish a palestinian state or intends to withdraw from territory is simply yielding territory for radical islamic terrorist attacks against israel '' he told the israeli news site nrg .
asked if that meant a state would not be established if he remained prime minister he said indeed .
you could say the same about the pa at times but right now netanyahu does n't want peace .
he is n't going to allow a deal to happen .
after all this if anyone still says that we need to solve the deal on our own without international help they need to stop and revisit why think this way .
palestinian and israeli leadership are and will likely be far apart on terms for a deal for the foreseeable future .
the pa and the israeli government can do all they want to stop jewish palestinian violence but it is n't going to stop permanently until we get a state for the palestinian people and actually give people a damn decent level of quality of life .
many of you probably already know this but the status quo is n't sustainable .
much worse things are to come if it stays like this .
i feel like these were the maps that everybody had the most fond memories with but i do n't get why they have n't been remade .
22m have 15 people i talk to regularly most many times a week and have known them for many years i 'll call them friends .
not all of them belong to the same friend group .
every few days some of us get together to drink and/or enjoy each others company .
however every october since four of us have birthdays this month we start to plan celebrations and hang out more .
it might be because my birthday is the last in the line that i always come up with the short end of the stick but i try really hard to help plan and make their day special for them i am not the main planner .
and it works each person has their party and has at least 10 people show up to have a good time the 15th we had a rager for the third in line .
three of them have birthdays in oct. so maybe they are birthdayed out but i figured and expressed that this golden b-day was special .
i have been trying to plan something since the last celebration the 15th but like many birthdays in the past nobody seems interested .
i really mean not interested it 's like pulling teeth to try and get people together on my b-day where as all the other b-days they say oh how would i miss it ? ''
i ca n't help but feel let down and rather alienated not only after all these years of my special day '' being overlooked but this one in particular being almost completely ignored .
i do n't want to drink alone like i have birthdays past on a once in a lifetime event .
so the reason i am posting is to ask what all of you beautiful people would do if put in this situation ?
whether it be in relation to my friends '' or as to what to do for the golden day .
friends barely acknowledge b-days in past this year i say golden b-day is special to me .
sorry if this is not the place to ask .
i play on ps4 and i am looking for an update on my headset the one that came with the ps4 .
i am looking for a great quality headset that would work on my ps4 at home and on my iphone to listen to music on the go .
i am looking for good quality headset willing to pay upto 300 .
can you describe your days and how you spend your free time ?
i 'm looking for an iwb holster for my 96 .
serpa level 2 sportster and i 'm not a huge fan of how it feels .
i feel like it sits too far off my hip and i 'd rather have something more concealed .
what do my fellow beretta owners use for iwb carry ?
looking for a quick run experienced raiders only post psn for invite lets get it done
i installed the launcher and tried to start installing the game .
the launcher was stuck on 100 so i reopened it .
i remember playing this game at launch and having numerous problems trying to install it then .
how have they not fixed these issues and does anyone know a work around ?
hi i 've been trying to look for a way to set my phone to auto-rotate when it senses a video playing alternatively if it could sense audio but that 's not exactly what i 'm looking for .
i know i can set the whole app to auto-rotate but there are certain apps i prefer using in portrait mode eg .
challenger scene is more difficult to get to know but would love to start watching some teams .
i take on some of my viewer levels as well as showcase one of my harder levels that i created !
was in my local target and picked up the new core set thanks to amazon price match policy i got it for 26.56 which is a ways from 39.99 .
i fail to see why people keep thinking he 's been amazing for us or will thrive '' under klopp .
i feel like the only person who is n't seeing something .
do n't get me wrong i like can and think he is a decent player but i feel like people just do n't see his faults .
for starters he often loses the ball when driving forward .
this is usually because he run 's out of ideas .
i have however seen him make some incredible trailing tackles when chasing someone from behind .
he does seem to carelessly foul players by just getting to close to them and making them trip over himself .
someone please tell me what i 'm not seeing because so far i have n't seen much and people keep celebrating him like he does n't put a foot wrong .
recently my friend had helped me obtain a job with him at a mutual funds company .
the only stipulation was that i pass a certification exam .
well i failed it but i knew i would n't pass .
still i 'm not an idiot but by no means am i a genius .
i just never before i 'm my life felt that i could fail at something i had put everything into .
this was soul crushing i feel like a loser that has surmounted to nothing .
i do n't get understand why it was so hard for me grasp .
i 've never studied so intensely in my life .
not even when joining the army the annan asvab came easy to me .
again i was not cream of the crop but the top 15th percentile .
all my friends are either busy with work or their girlfriends .
when we do hang out it 's the same bull as always they grab a beer we chat we get tipsy then go home .
to make things worse a couple months ago around august i broke up with my girlfriend .
i loved her for she was carrying beautiful and patient .
but ... . she was older than i with two kids in which while not intentionally she never mass time with .
that and while she may had been patient with me she was not so with her family .
still she wanted to get married but now but soon .
i however felt as though even if i wanted to get married i am not financially stable mentally ready to take on kids not mine and older .
and when ever i pictured us two i could not see us being married .
she still has a long way until everything that she needs to sort gets settled .
so we said good bye i cried not because i was sad or regretful but because i had broken her heart .
still it 's better to lay everything out than top string someone along until i figured everything out .
but i miss talking to her i miss sharing my day with someone that way i could even for a second escape my day in the eyes of my best friend .
regardless of where i may be or who may be with me i feel alone .
i always have and i guess i ca n't remember a time in which i did n't .
that 's why i fought so hard to be with my closest friends .
i feel as my life is fleeting slowly drifting away into nothing .
however i had found a woman who began working at my job four months so .
since the first day i met her i was instantly flabbergasted .
she is everything i 'm not she 's stunning happy driven funny carrying .
so i made the decision when i became single to befriend her and eventually ask her out .
the thing is that like my self she was part of the army while i 'm now in the national guard .
she works full time and goes to full time .
she has told me yes plenty of times but then she forgets that something is due .
or i find it that i need to be called into work .
and for some reason when ever i talk to her out think of spontaneously calling her i get nervous .
this makes me sick i 've become something a kin to how i was in my middle school years .
we both took the civil service exam but we were not successful in our home state despite being again in the 15th percentile .
so she sought out employment in the neighbouring state .
so i guess i 'll lose out on having her in my life .
with everything going on i just feel like running away from this stagnant life .
i want to be some where i do n't have to love up to expectations .
a place away from married friends talking about kids or engagements .
away from comparisons of investment vehicles away from salary show boating from the false promises to hang out from the let down .
i want everything to end yet i do n't ever wish to die .
sell my car my stuff and just pick a spot anywhere to move .
even if i did that i would be forced to return because of the guard .
because of my friends i 've told them they were the family i had chosen and to them i am as well .
i 'm trapped stuck tired bored sad and generally angry here .
sorry for the wall and even of no one read this i 'd like to apologise for the rant .
i 'm ruining my sleep schedule to level my 133 titan .
i 'm away from my apartment again and wo n't be back until the end of the month but i 'd love to work out some deals in the meantime !
i would be happy to send paypal now if we work something out and if you 're sending first i can have your stuff out once i 'm back at my place to pick it up
lots of roaring skies holos and rhs as well as trainers from the set
plenty of playables and staples just asking if you 're looking for something !
2x full roaring skies rh set – pack-fresh looking for offers may find their way to ebay ...
i also have a decent amount of other playable stuff that 's decked that would be harder to trade but that i 'd consider for the right offer .
condition must be nm+/m please ask or provide pictures if you 're not sure !
i 'll prefer trades and ca n't just buy all of these at once .
i 'll be adding dragonite and pidgeot lines to this shortly
this list is developing looking mostly for legendary trios open to ideas !
i can wait for good deals not in a rush for anything here .
hi i was thinking about getting a sugar daddy and would like to know what your opinions are and read opinions of people who have done this .
my work schedule is super filled and i do n't ever have time to live life .
my health has started to deteriorate after working 60 hour weeks never sleeping and having a kid to take care of in my free '' time .
i just want to have someone who takes care of me and make it so i dont have to worry about all this .
i want to get my life back my health back .
i just want to run away from it all ...
because maths i figured i should find out where the optimal points are to buy the upgrades for the automatic lumberjacks .
each level of the lumberjacks costs the same as the previous level multiplied by 1.09 .
therefore we can find the cost of level n by using the formula
where base is the cost of level 1 of that lumberjack .
each time we buy an upgrade we can evaluate this upgrade by recalculate it as gaining more levels in the upgrade 's lumberjack .
for example the first upgrade is a 50 bonus which means it 's equivalent to buying 50 more levels resulting in that if the upgrade costs less than buying 0.5 times your current levels at the current level price the upgrade is more beneficial for you .
we find this multiplier by dividing the gained percentage points by our current total so the 100 upgrade would add 50 of the base divided by the current 150 or 0.33 .
i call this multiplier p to make the formula more readable .
since our current level is defined as n we can combine this with our cost formula to find the actual value of buying the upgrade .
for each level n we evaluate this in comparison to the upgrade cost .
when this evaluates as true we should buy the upgrade .
i plugged this into an excel sheet and these are the results
note that this only takes into account what the lumberjacks current level is which means that simply reaching that level does n't mean that the upgrade automatically is the best choice overall as you could have over levelled any individual lumberjack .
there might be more efficient ways to calculate this but it 's early and i 've got a bit of a cold so i did n't want to do too much thinking .
pre-emptive tldr bought hub did n't use has original f/w .
i think i bought it with some bulbs from home depot last year but i 'm fairly sure it has the original firmware on it since it 's never been hooked up to the internet .
i 'd like to use some ge 3-way light switches a sensi thermostat some trippers and maybe my quirky power strip with it .
i see the latest firmware nuked aprontest except through ssh .
am i better off keeping this as-is if i do n't want to have to write an individual script for everything ?
kind of wishing i 'd gotten the 1.x update at this point .
with all the candidates for the m 's manager position i kinda put together my top three candidates .
first of all i did search trough reddit and while there 's a lot of talk about strong female leads .
there 's not a lot about strong male leads .
second i 'm not talking here about powerful '' leads while they might be in an action series and be very powerful within it that does not make a strong '' male lead .
a strong lead character will usually be decisive have a consistent personality trough many events if he 's shown in a mental struggle can he cope with it and possibly overcome them and then there 's the general good character '' things such as
has a personality has ambitions or a goal has weaknesses etc the obvious thing that makes a human person cause shit that 's what they are trying to make at the end of the day .
thinking about buying toxic kevlar but cant find video/screenshot how it looks ingame
it 's a great movie do n't get me wrong but that mask is just fucking ridiculous to me and i ca n't take it seriously .
i have a evic mini thinking of getting a crown tank will this mod be enough for temp control vaping on the .15ni crown coils im slowly switching to temp control vaping only i also have a subtank mini should i just rebuild the nickel coils for the rba ?
i just felt like making a pie chart ... now i 'm no scientician but it seems like a lot of people favour scion builds .
poor duelist still getting no love but there 's at least 1 hipster in there .
for the event items is there a difference between normal and nightmare ?
does nightmare drop more or has a higher chance of dropping or are they just the same ?
i 'm a wolf 18 pred bi looking for another pred to rp both non-sexual things belly rubs feeding each other prey burping as well as sexual things .
pm me if interested i 'll give you my contact information .
having a hell of a time trying to figure out how to add distinguished name entries to active directory system discovery properties and also sec groups to active directory group discovery without removing the existing entries .
i have a aztech dsl1000ew l adsl modem+router combo .
the dns provided by the router 192.168.1.1 does not seems to work .
i can setup dns manually and things work but i still i would like to get to the core of of issue .
the dns provided by the isp through wan interface works just fine if entered manually in windows settings but the router 's own dns 192.168.1.1 does not seems to work/respond .
manage to mind my way here and man do i find myself in many of the same situations as the people here .
just wanted to stop by and say what a cool subreddit this is
can you somehow transfer your origin pc fut team to ps4 ?
it 's been more then 10 years since jsrf blessed the world with it 's amazing gameplay and soul and it 's time for that to happen again on the next generation consoles !
i feel it 's unfair because i planned to farm all the caster monuments from this event
so i have been spamming ranked for a month now went from bronze 5 to silver 3 with massive winning sprees like 7 to 10 games .
only loosing about 14 lp and winning 18 lp on blue side .
and loosing 16 lp but winning 27 lp on red side .
but all of a sudden in silver 3 im loosing 22 lp and winning 18 lp on blueside and for red i lose 20 and win 22-24 lp .
so i ask again how does thee mmr rating work and how do i fix it ?
just replace see '' with slay '' and you 've got your raid playlist for the entire time .
is you pick your character and it matches you up with people
granted you may have bad team makeup but that turns out fun sometimes !
where as smite and dota and lol the new guy may have to be a support bc everyone already called their roles .
seems to make for a less toxic '' early game if you will .
i wish other mobas would pick this up for a quick match system if they have n't already .
have n't played the others in forever bc i 'm so stuck on hots haha
so to give a frame of reference about where i am in the game without too many spoilers i just used a non-dlc mystic arte for the first time .
ok so in the beginning of the games several characters mention that you can not permanently stop a hellion without the purifying flame .
the purifying flame purifies the hellion and returns it to it 's base form except dragons which are too far gone .
yet so far three times i have seen this is n't the case
1 the wind seraph that kills an ogre on edna 's mountain bullshit by the way he was level 14 and that ogre was level 56 .
the party is incredibly upset by this even before he pulls the trigger implying that they can just tell he does n't have the flames of purification .
2 the mercenaries in the plague town seem to have been able to kill the hell hounds .
edit it appears i was wrong and the dogs were still alive .
3 rose was able to kill a soldier with just a knife to the throat .
edit apparently these were not full hellions just soldiers just driven mad .
this confuses me greatly can someone explain why they switched from not being able to even hurt hellions to all of a sudden needing to worry about people killing them in a single blow ?
edit all my questions have been answered thank you very much .
on saturday november 7th-8th cic will be the proud host of boston gamers for the children 's miracle network extra life charity event !
this will be a 24-hour charity gaming marathon event in partnership with the american video game league avgl .
there will be ample food entertainment and all the video and board games you could possibly play .
100 of proceeds raised will be going to the boston children 's hospital and the children they serve .
you can register and see all the details here http avgleague.com/avglevent/extra-life-24hr-gaming-fundraiser
almost all of the teleportation tp scroll boots of travel animations here https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=q5tgwwlifmw
this might be quite challenging at least it has proven to be for my local tattoo artists i 'm looking for a dragon tattoo that would go on my arm preferably from shoulder to elbow .
what exactly i 'm looking for is a western style dragon breaking free from chains and spreading it wings so it would be more of a side profile or in motion of turning breaking free from chains .
i 'm unsure if i would want it colourless black or coloured i guess artists choice i 'd really like a physical visualation of this tattoo .
also if it helps to draw dragons to me represent power freedom strength something majestic .
hopefully i can find an artist that will help me .
hi guys im in my last semester at school and need some guidance on how to make a student information system .
so what would i need to make it work ?
should i use open source tools and does it come already with code encrypted ?
... final scene on the beach where exactly was dom going that he was leaving letty behind ?
star citizen seems unfinished so i would appreciate games that are available now .
i think we need a name for that line .
i really like the tko line for our first line which got me thinking .
yesterday i made the comment that williams is quietly playing very well and u/face221 mentioned that the whole line is actually quiet .
as a result i 'd like to suggest we call them 'the librarians ' but i am also pretty dumb and would like to open this up for better ideas from you folks .
i 'm looking to join a team i 'm almost always onlinehttp steamcommunity.com/id/madbitch21
currently using the wundermap on wunderground but looking for a better source of free data .
i 'm already playing at vh+hc but i 'm looking to add more challenge to the game .
if i want to add more difficulty would it be better to add the project nevada rebalance mod or j.e .
also i have the mission mojave unofficial patch and i think it might be incompatible
my trade with https www.reddit.com/user/kallen8277 dark pit for dedede has been completed .
i have been thinking about doing lsd for a long time now .
but all of my friends say i should n't because i 've never tried a drug or anything .
i feel like lsd would help my extreme depression but i 'm not sure considering i 've never done anything .
edit this probably the only drug i 'm willing to try .
i 'm currently reading my owner 's manual on oil changes i 'd like to change oil on my own the suggested torque for my oil filter bolts is 9 foot pounds .
however i 've been looking at torque wrenches and the lowest number i could find is 10-150 foot pounds .
my question is should i look for a torque wrench that covers 9 foot pounds or is the 10-150 torque wrench okay ?
regeringen föreslår att riksdagen antar regeringens förslag till lag om att gränspolisen tillsammans med tullverkets operativa anställda förses med skjutvapen i form av sig-sauer som används av polismyndigheten i sverige .
regeringen föreslår att riksdagen antar regeringens förslag till lag om att för att kunna genomföra ovan nämnda ökning av anställda så får polismyndigheten i uppgift att bistå tullverket i utbildningen av personal .
sveriges yttre skydd har länge kapats ner i likhet med övriga delar av rikets säkerhet och detta har lätt till att utländska ligor har fått ett ökat spelutrymme att forsla in illegala varor droger och vapen som används för att spä på osäkerheten runt om i landet .
tullen har rapporterat http tt.omni.se/7b14c61b336caad64e442f259df05b078e32fe3c att en starkt bidragande anledning till osäkerheten utmed gränserna är det faktum att tullens personal saknar den beväpning som är standard för övriga polisiära verksamheter i landet .
regeringen föreslår således att tullen ser en ökning i både antalet anställda men också i dess operativa förmåga .
regeringen inser att den ökning som föreslås är et stort åtagande och således får polismyndigheten i uppgift att bistå i utbildningen för att inte överbelasta tullverkets verksamhet .
denna version av ärendet avslutas den 28 oktober 2015 varpå den går till votering i r/plenisalen återkallas av inlämnaren eller presenteras i en ny omarbetad version .
let me first say that i know not everyone was on board with it and i get that .
i was n't particularly fond of the idea myself but after weighing the pros and cons and hearing the opinions of our community i truly felt it was the right course of action .
our players are the reason i love running this server .
a very good friend of mine recently shutdown his own personal server and has agreed to come on board and help me with admining over here .
i do n't know that i would expect to see him in game but he 's behind the curtain helping with me out with all the stuff backstage .
following the wipe i adjusted the structure timers so that they should now be roughly 50 of what they were prior .
real life happens so if you 're expecting to take an extended break due to illness vacation finals or whatever just shoot me a message and i 'll take make sure you 're looked after .
additionally the following has been added to our general roleplay guidelines '' within our ruleset
the mysterious stone embedded in our arm is what allows us to communicate across the island so global chat should be primarily reserved for ic speech .
virtually any situation can be role played out so if you 're looking to trade goods scouting for a specific dino or really anything at all then do so in character .
rp is our primary focus here so our mindset should default to always trying to handle things in character .
moving forward i will be enforcing this and i would really appreciate if everyone could help me out with this .
no need to be a dick about it just remind folk of what we 're doing here .
as well i need everyone to start flairing their username here with their character name .
if you 're a strictly mobile user you may not be able to flair depending on the app you use if that 's the case your name should be on our player roster and we 'll do it for you .
continuing on the topic of our subreddit i 'm looking for someone with some graphic design skill to fancy up our corner here .
if you 're interested in this let me know and we can discuss the details .
as always any questions or concerns can be directed to me either on here or steam .
i was browsing the subreddit to see if he would be worth my time to get ... it seemed like everyone hated the idea .
i saw that he was in the heroic portal and just said aww whatever one try wo n't hurt . ''
i thought i 'd just share that with you guys .
disclaimer i 'm a 2.7k scrublord but i still wanted to have a discussion about alternative fun spectre builds at this lower bracket where sometimes saving for a radiance is just too difficult/boring .
amongst my friends who play dota we have somewhat of a unique problem .
in stark contrast to the stereotypical 5 carry '' drafts of solo queue everyone i play with likes to play early game gankers and constantly hunt down and fight the other team .
during ho ho ha harmageddon i decided to switch from supporting with my favorite heroes crystal maiden and warlock to play carry but found it super boring until spectre got buffed and i started playing this cool hero that can get to the middle of a fight in moments !
i like to start with quelling stout tangoes and branch pull the lane and farm under tower until i get ring of health then get the rest of vanguard and hopefully boots around the time i 'm level 6 and start looking for interesting things happening on the map to be part of .
i then like to go phase and go straight to diffusal and on the next ult use the amazing cooldown buff to perma slow a couple of stragglers for a quick influx of kill gold .
then i go straight for ac platemail first for the reduction .
at this point you 're a spooky party-crashing tank ghost and the other team gets scared and runs away when you ulti letting you save people or turn fights around it 's great !
just wondered if anyone else around my level not you reddit 5k try hards has any tips or discussion about a fighting spectre build .
i know mine is pretty gimmicky and almost entirely based around defence and armour i will get pipe if there is magic damage on the other team but what is the advantage of going urn drums etc as an alternative ?
i am a junior chemistry major biochemistry emphasis who is beginning to think about graduate school in pharmacology/toxicology .
currently i am doing research that is not even remotely related to either of those disciplines developing methods for extracting and recycling phosphorous from wastewater on the cheap .
should i consider jumping ship after this semester and moving into one of the biochemistry labs ?
i really like the professor that i work under and i have done other extra-curriculars with her but i do n't want to hinder my chances of acceptance by not having any relevant research experience .
i do n't have much of a biology background so i am ramping that up in my last 3 semesters .
my second question is which of these strategies would be better
is it worth it to go for a microbiology minor ?
or should i pick and choose the most relevant classes for pharmacology and toxicology even though that wo n't give me any additional diploma fluff ?
i 'd really like to squeeze in environmental toxicology before i graduate but if i pack my schedule with micro classes i wo n't be able to .
if it helps i have a gpa of 3.954 currently and i 'm not anticipating that dropping at all .
i have just began doing research this semester 2 credits worth but also plan to continue in one lab or another until i graduate .
these parallels were drawn while i actually was in the shower touching my nipples .
long story short my mom behaved like such a b during and after my wedding 2 months ago i have n't talked to her since .
my sister told me do n't worry she wo n't call you or talk to you about it in person .
she 'll stew for weeks then you 'll get 'the letter . ' ''
about how everything went wrong for her and it was all my fault .
admittedly i was very upset when i got it .
i had literally done everything i ever could in life to make her happy .
i convinced myself that nmom was right about everything and everybody else was wrong !
it was n't until recently i even realized i had been brainwashed .
and then after i texted my sister that i got it she immediately said forward it to me ! !
'' turning this into a bonding moment with my big sister is a very happy benefit .
i wo n't be giving nmom the satisfaction of a reply .
hey all there was the group of folks in l.a. ca n't recall the name off the top of my head but they all pitched in and made some killer burritos wrapped them up and delivered meals to all kinds of homeless people in downtown la .
we have a big place in sw that could accommodate this kind of effort if we also had some people to deliver donate product etc .
just wondering if this already exists or if there are any cool rocknroll foody weirdos who might want to get involved ?
it would stand to reason that more powerful=faster results or more results .
but it 's not suggested women use it and instead we get the watered down version .
is there a real reason i a woman could n't use rogaine for men ?
is n't sound just to slow to ever be of use .
the interesting star system with the light fluxuations is 1500 light years away for sound to travel that distance it would take roughly 1,311,045,000 years .
the nearest solar system is 4.1 light years away so any sound waves that we would hear with our program would be 3,688,046 years old at the very least .
this does n't seem like a reasonable way to search for life what am i missing .
i used to love this game on atari 2600 .
as a kid i always enjoyed spooky nonsense and since it was only the 80 's this was pretty much the best horror game we could play .
in fact its pretty much the first survival horror game .
let 's play haunted house on atari 2600 horror retrogaming atari gameplay https youtu.be/xwtzq0k-e_i
looking for super mario 3d world cheaper than nintendo refurbished
no smash bros nintendoland wind waker hd or splatoon .
i am living in japan but i have a us wii u .
does anyone know if guitar hero tv has any region restrictions ?
i would n't want to buy this game just to find out that guitar hero tv throws the this is not available in your region '' bs in my face
playing guitar hero tv from a non-us ip on a us console ?
new dfs player ranking system is out at dfsgold.com http www.dfsgold.com .
check on pros or check to see if you or your friends are ranked .
use search box in top left corner to search by team/user name .
if you register you will be able to see top cashes on any player .
note to see tracked contests included in rankings check out daily recap page http www.dfsgold.com/nfl/2015-week-6-nfl-fantasy-recap-draftkings for each sport .
it 's mostly gpps with a few large dbl ups .
hello i am in a top 200 league currently 190th and we are looking for players who are 90 overall or better to join the league .
if you do n't score 20 points ur benched and if you do it twice your released .
we need active and helpful members to help us push for top 100 ! !
edit original post was deleted because i accidentally made two imgur albums and deleted the one i linked to
i have a gigabyte 980 ti non g1 for sale/trade .
it 's got an asic score of 69.8 but i 've gotten it up to 1400mhz core and 2000mhz memory.
i 'm looking to trade for a lesser card plus paypal on your end or just straight up sell the card.
i 'm looking to get 600 paypal shipped for it .
i do n't have the original box i 'm at college and it 's at my parents house so i 'll be sending it in bubble wrap inside of a flat rate box.
trades i 'm looking for would be a 290x/390x 780 ti or similar cards plus paypal .
edit 2 also might be interested in a ps4 plus paypal
decided to just keep the card in hopes that a 4k monitor comes down in price enough on black friday
is there an easy way to remove the netherworlds in research group or does it need to be individually removed ?
will go first if trader has equal or more trades
i love playing around with diminished chords but im finding it hard to resolve them in different contexts .
1 i got from diminished arpeggio studies where they would resolve it with a minor a semitone above .
2 involves creating a diminished out of leading notes between 2 other diatonic chords but im looking for more of a focus on the diminished rather then a passing chord .
i want to expand my approach to make diminished chords more accessable in my writing .
what are some other ways to resolve diminished chords ?
im not against ideas involving half diminished aswell though i do understand the theory behind them a little better .
need one more 300 ll and experience only looking for a quick clear .
i am never really my true self around anyone .
i 'm a freshman in college and have no sex drive .
i went out to eat with my suitemates and they were teasing
me about how quiet i am and it got so awkward because i just acted weird .
in high school i put on a fake front and acted and i got all the girls .
any memories and do n't remember having any real friendships because i was so fake .
i want to live my life a good one .
everything i need but i feel like either something is wrong in my head or i 'm too far behind everyone else .
ever since middle school i have been different from other
kids in order to fit in i have to act a certain way and i feel like i 'm forfeiting my life because of this .
any problems but now i 'm starting to feel like i 'm a total phony and maybe i need some help.. ?
note please include link to movie 's imdb to avoid confusion about which version/remake/original/ect .
and please check the motw wiki http www.reddit.com/r/movieclub/wiki to see if the movie has been chosen before .
love their no-cap internet service and tolerate their always-confusing communications regarding their cable services .
right now i 'm looking at a press release stating they moved 11 channels from analog to digital and i do n't get those any more .
and it looks like all the hd channels e.g .
imon has a new manual tune channel lineup posted but most of the hd channels are in the 700 or 800 range which does n't sound right .
i 've got an extra balcony ticket for roseland .
they do n't want anyone to move on so they keep reminding them of the disappeared ca n't remember what they are called .
they smoke they ca n't talk those two things would make me miserable .
they do n't want anyone to move on because if christ comes they will miss out ?
i 'd be happy with links to interesting articles about this too .
if gaming what kind of performance are you looking for ?
post a draft of your potential build here specific parts please .
http www.reddit.com/r/buildapc/wiki/pcpp do n't ask to be spoonfed a build read the rules !
part list permalink http pcpartpicker.com/p/xfgx6h part price breakdown by merchant http pcpartpicker.com/parts/partlist/by_merchant
i 'm not super tech savvy so if there are any brand recommendations product series to avoid or cautionary tales please share .
any advice or feedback to improve my build is welcomed
basically they are showing off a sex game that uses a toy pussy but they havean acutal girl under the table acting as a toy pussy .
i 've spent what feels like days looking for a copy online and i can not for the life of me find one .
i 've never seen it in any stores either .
i do n't know how many copies of the original pressing were made or if there was ever a reissue at any point .
i just need to know that this actually exists somewhere out there .
in r/theredraft we just had a really successful redraft of the nba .
in a couple months once free agency is over i 'd like to do something like this https docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1bdgvgaghdllt4ypyrkqyadqldnr5ql48p5hpeiflnfi/edit gid=0 for baseball players .
i have an hp laptop that i took apart to clean the fan i re assembled it and it wo n't post the flash code says memory error '' i replaced and reseated the memory modules and same thing .
somewhat urgent as it is not mine it is my neighbor 's .
for a weapon that requires you to aim the weapon i think it should have third eye instead of triple tap
10 of migraine sufferers who only gets headaches around my period 2 days before and during the first few days .
these are supposedly the hardest kind of migraines to treat based on everything i 've read .
just wondering if any of you fall into this category ?
i take continuous low-estrogen birth control but still get random spotting ... and the cramping/migraines that come with it .
my doctor prescribed fioricet the second i told him about my symptoms .
the fioricet helps but i do n't want to end up with rebound headaches or other problems .
i also do n't want to take something daily like topamax when the headaches only happen a few days a month .
i currently take an ssri so triptans are out of the question .
anywho just wanted to see if others can relate or have any tips .
we 're looking to switch from normal hoods to over-hoods .
so my question was wondering if anyone has a good pattern to work off of ?
edit forgot to say if you already have a desktop website i 'll build you a mobile one
comment here then pm me the site you want to be mobilized .
you 'll get a messy url but if you like it you can pay to get the url fixed .
have read a few posts where some are having trouble with this achievement .
i did this by building two of everything i thought i would need .
the reason uneducated workers produce 30 to 50 less than educated workers .
it took 14 years to educate the population to 100 and another four years to get the educated achievement or by year 56 i had both achievements .
you may want to wait for a year before dropping in schools because you 'll have to wait six or more years for laborers start showing up .
i 'm in awe of the soundtracks at some history-related dungeons you guys will know what i mean .
i just ca n't enough of it it 's simply too good .
is there any place to download this ost even japanese marketplace or something .
i 'm throwing my money at my tv but nothing happens ...
my friend who 's new to destiny wanted some tips on gearing up .
i told him to save his engrams for the end game and i 'd walk him through the upgrade process .
hey all i would like to hear about your expeirnces with hypnosis under the influence of drugs .
i have been doing self hypnosis for insomnia and i have gotten really great results .
there are other aspects of life that i could benefit with hypnosis and i would like to know if drugs would aide with that .
i think a psychadelic would be the go to drug for this type of experience but i would really like to know what this community thinks .
i am fairly new to volleyball and i 'm confused about the rules concerning touching the ball on the other side of the net .
i can get my arms fairly far over the net and sometimes can touch the ball before the opposing player is this illegal ?
i know there 's a sherpa reddit but no one pays attention to it so i 'm posing here also .
i 'm an experienced raider looking for someone to teach me kings fall .
when i bought my car it had 245 rear and 225 front all season .
the car also came with winter tires but all four are 225 .
i know the default size for this car is 245 rear and 225 front .
is there any cons for having all four winter tires 225 ?
will it have any effect in the long run ?
discus anything about pokemon that you never realized before that kinda blew your mind .
mine is n't that great but the other day i realized that from an offensive standpoint dark and ghost type are almost the same because they are both super-effective against ghost and psychic .
so about a year and a half ago a friend and i did lsd for the first time .
i 'm not here to do a trip report but to get to the police involvement i have to give a little of a background .
essentially we went from understanding the whole universe to being insane and crawling on the floor of my living room trying to decipher what a shoe was .
eventually i still do n't know why i had an impulse for my friend to leave .
i believe i was being induced with paranoia for no specific reason and saw him as a volatile factor .
this was about 4-6 hours into the trip so not far from the come down .
anyway i made him leave and sat on my couch convinced to get out of the trip i had to die in this universe and be born out another .
i have no fucking clue to this day why that seemed at all rational .
but at some point reality hit me i cleaned up and decided to go stay at a family members 's house for the weekend to ease my psyche .
i walk up my lawn and see the window to my room completely shattered .
not having a fucking clue what happened my family member dropping me off called the police .
i quickly hide all my paraphernalia from clear view and give my self a sense of security .
they arrive ask some questions and according to my neighbor it had been broken for a couple days now .
interesting that my neighbor did n't find it suspicious and contact the authorities on her own but that 's besides the point ...
the officers proceed to search my house and about 5 minutes later call me in .
officer a is holding a tin foil package with 8 tabs of my friend 's pure lsd while officer b continues looking around .
i had no idea it was even there as i expected my friend to take it with him when i made him leave the previous saturday .
even if he had n't forgotten it would n't he at least notice it missing over the weekend and ask for it ?
my friend had came back to my house the same day we had tripped peaking harder than ever in his life apparently and had no clue i had left .
he was under the impression i was there and ignoring him .
smashes my window with a rock goes home tries killing himself and ends up in a psych ward .
so now i 'm in a room with a shattered window a police officer telling me you 'll fry my brains doing that shit '' another cop eyeballing the fuck out of the tabs and the 8 humble lysergic acid amide ridden blotters relaxing between the fingers of officer joe schmoe .
me fearing i have nothing left to lose tell them a friend and i had tripped a couple days before i had left and he had forgotten them there .
thinking i 'm about to be a felon and having an introspective breakdown i naturally accept my fate and expect to get penned or something .
to my dismay the officer tells me i could give you a felony but i ca n't know for sure if it is your friend 's so we 're going to go destroy it .
do n't do this again you 'll mess up your brain blablabla . ''
do you guys think they were truthful and just disposed of the lsd like orderly public sentinels would ?
because i 've humored the thought of them taking it for their own personal use more than once .
i 'd like some input from you all as i 'm not familiar with the procedure of cops dealing with confiscated substances .
when she got on my case she smashed it flat .
is it worth doing to make progress on the set master collectible ?
so i assumed the carrows would go quite early being a couple of the death eaters that are just parachuted into the later books with little to know story behind them .
amycus is a prime example of this his classic combination of stupidity and thuggery can only mean one thing prison .
if people as well concealed as augustus rookwood and barty crouch jr were incarcerated how on earth could amycus a thicko with a love of violence escape jail time ?
in addition to this he seemed to escape the disdain with which voldermort treated most other none-snape death eaters who walked free .
i simply ca n't imagine him before voldermorts return he was hardly going to own a shop or work at the ministry was he ?
he fills his role as a bullying teacher but is very one dimensional and seems to have appeared out of thin air .
when the most memorable things about him are that he is stupid and vicious you have to put him in the generic sidekick '' category .
all in all a despicable individual who i am happy to see go .
at around what time frame will paris most likely get her 7 in global ?
for film to film it is copied in a dark room with the original letting light through to another strip of film .
i think interpositives are the closest thing to the original that remaster wotkers can touch and scan .
well i did n't take my meds the past week or so and things got bad mentally had a lot of bad thoughts so i made sure to take them yesterday and will today aswell .
spaced it on kyrie irving 's injury and picked him up in the 3rd round .
so many good pgs still available at that time .
the 10 ps4 missions are also free on psn store dreadful crimes '' .
i heard people were having issues with dlc codes from the game .
not trying to flame anyone but it seems like only middle schoolers and younger would genuinely support the old republic .
the only thing they really have going for them is a motley band of criminals and a space wizard .
this should be titled 'my sister wants to pull me under the bus with her '
your sister should be shutting your mum down on this topic not enabling her and encouraging her to start harassing someone else too
the one they used on me tasted like toothpaste and i laughed so hard at one point i snorted !
well nobody stops isps from not being isps anymore .
if they feel it is not worth it being an isp then why do n't they take all their money to run a different business ?
sweet potato chips and herbed goat cheese or chips and wasabi hummus .
i know it 's not real wasabi please do n't steal this from me .
because if you do n't do shit in geopolitics people like putin/assad gather even more power and that 's way fucking worse
had my brain turned off for most of the day so that was a big help .
the game goes out to retailers sometimes weeks before the actual release date .
one of those gets in the hands of someone and the game gets cracked pre-release and it will have a large effect on day one sales .
it 's something that has been done for years and years and years started by valve themselves with half life 2 .
there are always key files missing that make the game uncrackable until the release date when those files are made available .
day one is the most important sales day for aaa titles .
the longer they prevent the cracking the better as some people will give in and buy due to impatience .
it 's why denuvo is getting popular among devs it does n't claim or aim to be uncrackable .
they just aim to make it take as long as possible to crack so piracy does n't effect those early sales .
lol i know i read about 80 of currently translated xianxia stories .
but only in de it 's annoying me more than usual .
if the chinese or anyone else think invading a country is an acceptable thing to do why ca n't they do it right now just as well ?
would today 's philippines put up enough of a resistance not to be worth it ?
i would not trust the mexican government to take care of you .
that tip toe through the tulips song by that weird guy
buy the complete set for a memorable day at college !
btw that recently new tropical development td-20e has become hurricane patricia which is poised to slam the central coast of mexico .
this system is expected to remain far to the east of socal 's swell window so no surf is expected in socal from this storm at this time.
i ca n't even remember why now but i once had the opportunity to reply 'you arsehole u/arseh0le ' on reddit .
being a fan does n't prevent you of having objective thoughts that go against your team .
i 'm a fnc fan as well and i want them to win but i know that the series will most likely be pretty even and there 's a chance for fnc to not make it if they get figured it out or huni is n't playing at it 's best .
i see a 3-2 for koo as possible as the reverse .
i swear to you this subreddit is run by anet 's pr .
yea that 's what i 'm told to do but it 's almost like i 'm addicted ...
the inquisition pays no heed to backwater agri worlds or feudal worlds they have bigger fish to fry .
my best advice is learn how things work underneath .
most skilled people know how stuff works under the hood .
i have the same problem with a gtx 970 and win 10 64 bit .
sometime but quite often between 50 and 75 the times i use shadowplay the capture server chocke the cpu and looks like can not save the stream on file it takes minutes to save few seconds .
disabling the auto capture and using only the manual one help but do not solve the problem .
i also noticed that the video driver crash and recover almost every time i resume from sleep sometime even during normal use .
i can hardly believe it is psu related i have a 650w cm psu and use less than 50 of it around 100-200w i constantly check it with a power meter http ecx.images-amazon.com/images/i/41atczgslyl._sy355_.jpg
downclocking overclocking or stock value of the video card ram and cpu do not solve the issue .
disabling win 10 auto recording a branch of the xbox app do not help nor solve the issue .
rolling back to older win 10 drivers do not help i ca n't even directly upgrade them with gfe i must use ddu restart in safe mode wipe the old driver restart install the new driver .
my only guess is that the drivers coupled to win 10 are not mature enough to be completely stable .
the only thing i have not tried yet is using a cpu limiter like bes to limit the capture server if the problem is thrashing it could solve it .
the evidence says there is nothing to be concerned about .
the long term historic and short term temperature trend are both 0.007 degrees per year and the link to anthropogenic co2 driving catastrophic warming is tenuous at best .
the game actually made me interested in photography and art in general .
i did have some interest in photography before but never tried it myself and that game was the final kick i needed .
though i suck at it and i do n't have a good camera yet .
chiropractors do n't do anything that physical therapists ca n't do and physical therapists are actually regulated and undergo genuine medical training .
chiropractors can be fairly dangerous go to a physical therapist .
i agree but having good mobility is where it starts and ends with titans in that regard .
against a good opponent their melee will never beat a sunsinger 's and neither will their grenades .
sure being able to skate is nice but i think being able to throw a bolt grenade and having it get your opponent s to a sneeze away from dying is more useful .
they do show all the premier league matches it just depends what subscription of tv you 're viewing .
dstv premium shows everything and dstv compact only shows a handful
and i will still stand by my current point of view it 's ethically wrong to start lopping off functional parts of a human body .
i do n't think that the medical establishment will get behind human augmentation for a very good reason all forms of robotic prosthetics/implants suffer from issues with regards to the body trying to get rid of a foreign body .
the risks of rejection and the inherent risk of any form of surgery will mean that robotic implants/prosthetics will be limited to those that need them not to the average healthy citizen .
in the reykjavik office we have core office hours between 10 am and 4 pm during which you 're expected to always be in .
the standard workday is 8 hours long which essentially means i can come in between 8 and 10 am and leave between 4 and 6 pm accordingly .
we do offer 24/7 support though and there 's always gms around to answer your support tickets .
having offices in multiple locations globally has helped us maintain this level of service over the years .
lachlan morton i have the same habbit of not training before big rides https youtu.be/6oxy1zqrhno ? t=2m25s
it 's things like this that scare the crap out of ne .
the type of place people come to do things like this .
makes me think if i was to step up and try to save everybody or run away so i can live to see my son .
quite a while i have n't timed it but long enough for me to attempt a trick about a dozen times .
genau das gegenteil von dem was wir über die jahre machen wollten ... '' das spricht für den eigenen fernsehsender
well there is huge difference between ti3 and ti4-ti5 earnings .
1.2m were contirbuted by players in 2013 9.5m in 2014 16.5m in 2015 .
and there is info about 10m players at start of year http www.theverge.com/2015/1/17/7628755/dota-2-now-has-over-10-million-players
assuming that only 25 of sales went to ti4 funding this makes 38 m 10m players 3.8 per player without counting other sales which would make it way higher .
and in 2015 dota have 3 huge majors with compendiums with players spending on these probably more than 100m .
these folks do n't even realize they 're saying it for themselves but it 's so true .
ajsly well she ca n't replace tha real deal but rares still has that hyper-sensitivity spell on her .
thing is as a developer compared to the rest of the shit they do filtering cards is brain dead .
i really do n't understand why it 's as bad as it is .
i ca n't tell if you 're trying to grow a mustache or you gave yourself a dirty sanchez .
i didnt know that posting in all caps was automodded out but i understand it in hindsight even if it made me repost this .
i have been staying up way too late for way too long so i was and am shaky that i finally snagged him
i have a bulldog frenchie and she really is a fucking idiot .
which shitty '' student bars do you refer to ?
i usually hang out in esquirol/carmes especially le ministère '' not a student bar tho but i 'm interested in which bars i should avoid .
just for full disclosure i am not so secretly trying to tap into peoples superstitions because i want land in the tower and see the glorious site of a crowd of people around rahool doing various emote rituals to gain his and rngesus ' favour .
it 'll kill the time while i wait for my fireteam to get their shit together .
what 's with this girl and weird anime stuff .
i ca n't wait for the moment when they both realise their common interests .
this surprising romcom of mines is making me think too much
i would totally watch an anime adaptation of this .
sorry about the first two it 's too sad loosing a kitty .
at least it was natural old age and not something too soon .
me and my kitties have a deal that they wo n't ever die .
i know they 'll probably forget to honor our deal due to reality and all but i do n't like to think about that .
the hell is that clue helper at the side ?
hvis det nye job er på fuldtid så tag imod det .
glæden ved at arbejde med noget som man er uddannet til og man brænder for er stor .
hey i know it 's way after but just want to say the whole pt selling hard drive is just like the whole flappy bird debacle that went on .
no ones really buying a ps4 that has pt on it just like no one was really buying an iphone with flappy bird on it .
also just want to say if you care about it it 's easy to transfer it by backing up and restoring the data to your new hard drive .
if you do n't have a spare 500 gig hard drive just lying about you can also use a flash drive .
however you can only back up all games or none you do n't get a choice .
what i did was delete all the apps besides pt and transfer it to the new hard drive after the software was installed .
everything else had to be redownload end however just to let you know so it would be wise to let it sit over night as it will take a while to download about 400 gigs of data
expresses frustration that xûr no longer regularly sells weapons as that was one of the only decent things about the rng in year 1
they were no longer allowed to ask that for every video.. added a little star http i.imgur.com/uow5hux.png on the right of the uploaded 2 weeks ago '' bit .
if you click on that the green/red bar shows again under the video thumbnail
currently it 's just hype speculating on what will be in the game and making suggestions .
there was once a time when i was on academic probation .
a few years later here i am with my b4 internship starting in january .
i guess clg will be the 2nd team i 'll never bet on again they fcked me several times now lol
but difference is i 'm 17k and i spam airman and highscore-gameover diff and boy am i enjoying the little bit of respect people are finally showing me ... ah life ...
when my comment got gilded i pmed the guy to say thanks he never responded
ppl have to remind me we are here for keys ...
in 2004 monaco are in cl final and marseille in uefa cup final 2010 bordeaux in cl quarter finals 2012 marseille in quarter final aswell .
i do n't think bungie makes exotics with only one activity in mind .
he 's actually in the hip hop tarot already http payload414.cargocollective.com/1/20/647725/10582684/wheel-of-fortune-edit-7-final-56_1000.jpg
musa has 20 agility and balance over doumbia and it shows .
coupled with his height musa can weave in and out and stay upright almost messi like i love him .
i almost never cross with this formation so dzyuba would lose a big part of his game for me .
another cool thing is that the front 7 all have 4 skills .
i used eremenko at cam at first but i think he 's the perfect box to box mid and you need an agile option at cam .
what is the 960 not doing that you want it to do ?
the difference between card types are their their clock speed if they have default overclocks their cooling design the warranty service and what display outputs the cards have .
so for example on the msi and evga you mentioned
both msi and evga have really good warranty service and do 3yr warranties on their cards this may be different in your country
for video outputs the evga has 1 dvi 1 hdmi 2.0 and 3 displayports
for video outputs the msi has 2 dvi 1 hdmi 1 displayport
the evga comes with a stock overclock set at 1216 mhz
the msi comes with a slight stock overclock set at 1140 mhz
the evga will be faster out of the box because of it 's higher clock .
however you can download msi afterburner for the msi and overclock whatever you like within reason .
if they do n't you can disregard them entirely .
the short version is that for a €25 difference the msi is a much better buy .
while she is talented her mic skills are at the bottom of her skill set
the ships will be shooting during the jumping puzzle .
i 'm calling either two major knights or a major knight wizard combo on the upper walkway in the warpriests trial .
during the warpriest i think the aura of the initiate will pass randomly around the group after each kill and the enemies will only be taken .
golgoroth 's counter in the back will go up with each orb drop and with each player death with taken attacking the whole time .
daughters will have one shooting at the relic jumper while the other sings .
i think oryx will have four different sections with two completely new ones .
and you had to create your own post because of ?
just post as a comment in the fucking si thread its not hard .
if they stopped calling what they do as review and journalism and use terms nobody else uses then fine by me they make it easier to cater to the delusional people who do n't actually play games and i do n't see their trash everyone wins .
ellie goulding is probably in my top 3 for roo this year .
i saw her at lolla in 2013 as well and i thought she was amazing !
i was fairly far back and she still sounded really good .
i did n't notice any of those sound issues .
she also has a new album releasing next month so there 's a decent chance she 'll do the festival circuit .
i do wish her new singles were better but ... she 's still fantastic .
lol if you think spike lee does n't have vision experience or a history of making good movies .
big difference between making a choice not to learn do stuff and being prevented from learning doing stuff .
like my wife ca n't put up a shelf but not because i 've forced her to remain helpless .
he may just not be bothered about learning to use the dryer or even taking advantage of her rather than vice versa .
well you 're a true fan haha im just a bum who watches them on youtube
dude if you really think that earth if flat you 're dumber than i suspected. i dun goofed .
well if he does have two ones a sleeping bag and ones a jacking bag
i feel like we watched the ship sink in the off season .
then they raised it but didnt bother fixing it ... and just set out into rough seas with blinders on .
while most modern mosques have a separate section for women they are n't required to go to the mosque in islam .
they can pray at home and most do because frankly it 's easier .
i would pick up malcolm floyd and start him over randle .
i 've never said i 'm a good lancer but at least i 'm trying to give constructive opinion that the op is looking for not attacking random people like you .
sorry i gave a quick look and did n't see it i 'll delete it .
she was fully repaired and is now housed at the discovery museum indoors no longer floating in newcastle if anyone is interested although the turbine engine itself is in the science museum in london .
that sounds so cool i was n't that great with using the colours and materials to create cool looking skins myself .
gee i wonder how palestinians would treat a arrested jew ?
i stopped at ... too many nat 5 to skill up ... '' .
now days everyone who 's anyone uses the one hole design .
nah i know its been pulled from some of the places where it was leaked .
silk requirements should have been decreased according to patch notes ?
could n't agree more with kripp on this one .
the cards he picks out are the ones i 'd say need nerfing and the changes he suggests are reasonable but i 'd be happy to see his blizzard changes '' implemented too .
knife juggler in particular can go eat a bag of dicks as far as i 'm concerned .
i do n't know i 've always checked my voicemails since i 've had my own phone .
i do n't ever call an unknown number back until i check and find out .
if there is no message then i will assume it is not important .
that would only last about 3.5 seconds until sales starts flipping out if they 're not sales calls lol but i appreciate the idea .
the first two are in the itunes program preferences .
in itunes open up preferences and go to the devices tab .
uncheck the options to show the itunes icon in the system tray and/or minimize to system tray
go to the startup tab find the ituneshelper entry and disable it .
well in real life there are a lot of sleep remedies and drugs you can take that do n't involve slashing yourself with a shortsword .
they fit pretty good except for the fact that at full lock they rub against the control very little
if you 're watching nightblue only for high level gameplay you 're watching the wrong stream .
i respect him for the skill he has getting to challenger obviously is n't just something everyone can do .
but it feels like it 's basically turned him into an egotistical spoiled fuckboi .
and from the vod 's i 've seen i have n't seen nearly as much challenger-level gameplay from nightblue as i have literally every other master/challenger player who 's stream i 've watched .
i 've seen more interesting content from plat/diamond players even .
talk with your insurance and do whatever you can .
they are dispicable for treating you as they are .
my grandmother was turning left with her blinker on into my great aunts driveway from the highway last year .
it was a 2 lane hwy which means if someone is turning left then you can sometimes sneak by on the breakdown lane or your wait .
this guy decided to go around her car over the solid line while she was turning .
hit her driver side door so hard he spun her car over 50 feet into my aunts front yard .
dudes policeman uncle shows up and declares it my grandmothers fault and tries to close the case as quickly as possible .
she was lucky in that there were a number of witnesses who were enraged enough over how the uncle handled things that they went to the station and spoke with the chief directly giving statements for my grandmother .
it was a shitty few months while we battled that one and my poor grandmother was left without a car .
i have game hoopa codes would you be interested in those ?
they 'll be back home soon with a rare experience .
lsd in zero gravity with a trained professional has got to be fun as shit
the fixes for most client bugs is to clear your cache but that would be counter productive here .
then why are vibrating fleshlights so much better than regular fleshlights ?
cs go does not have classes nor does it have abilities .
it seems very dissimilar to overwatch except in the fact that it has guns .
i am not the best eu4 player nor the most experienced one .
but in my current brunei game i think i am actually rocking beyond where i before survived the game in that region of the world .
i went for exploration and expansion ideas as my first two colonized australia working on the rest of the islands that feed into my trade nodes .
i have a massive trade fleet that is probably capable of defeating the unholy alliance of the dai viet and the green ones whose name i forgot .
malaca is currently my ally as it that remaining opm .
and how do i survive that war against those two factions that together are way bigger than me .
i have no clue regarding the selling of it ... .
but i do know it was the 2013 aaron 's 499 .
i 'm still mad that they had the nerve to call it the international edition '' and then limit its release .
so this function is the final step and you just want to know what values it has written to the registry ?
as has already been mentioned you should put those values in a pscustomobject and return that from the function .
even if you plan to use those values again elsewhere in the script this is still the best and most object-oriented approach
the major problem with the 750 ssds is the small file performance it 's absolutely awful at times even worse than a 850 pro .
this is what matters most to typical desktop user loads not random writes or high iops you 're not running a database cluster at home .
check out this chart http imagescdn.tweaktown.com/content/7/3/7392_15_samsung-950-pro-2-pcie-gen-3x4-nvme-ssd-review_full.png from tweaktown 's review to see what i 'm talking about .
my wife got tired of me telling her it was all bullshit so now she proudly tells me i snoped someone on facebook today they were lying . ''
i think he 's an amazing nuker and 2 turn cd on 2nd would be fabulous !
i have raki and did not devilmon her because i feel like her usage is fairly limited compared to other nukers basically on revive teams with no threat to her ... .
i 'm sorry but how is kap to blame when he did n't have a chance to go down the field when he 's got a guy in his face as soon as he drops back and receivers not getting open ?
you did a great job your friend is lucky to have u .
waiting for the howls of rage and for her to be hounded out of her post ...
yeah but that was also before the mounds were standardized .
it brings me a sense of peace and i can always use some of that .
i contemplated becoming a vegetarian last week but i went home for a sunday roast and realised lamb was too good to give up .
it 's a good tool and a very good opportunity for me to write some tests .
i 've forked the repo and started to refactor it a bit https github.com/gerifield/ghkeys
well i 'm in a good mood today and might have a 2-day xbox live code if i can find it later would you want it ?
11:23 pm nanori the angle in the first viewport in the gif
you should read asoiaf and you should also read r.scott bakker 's prince of nothing series .
mark lawrence 's prince of thorns and sequels has some of the morbid humour you 're after and for general ambitiousness you should read dune i was n't a fan of the sequels and perhaps david wingrove 's chung kuo series .
dan simmons ' hyperion series is also worth an honourable mention in that regard .
i would have thought that if you simply remove the x86 code without replacing it you 'd break whatever feature that code was implementing .
but then i have no idea how much code remains to be decompiled .
does n't have to be strictly an australian '' thing to know movember .
he compromised the official explanation is that the penn part comes form william 's father a respected admiral
well they 'd need to modify the table by adding a key but not by adding a new identifier column .
the provinces would collect the vast majority of those taxes even if it reaches the amount we 're talking about here .
once it 's not criminalized it stops being under federal jurisdiction for the most part .
it 's like he 's getting all his ideas from reading the cover of cosmo .
i think you just solved the crazy puzzle that 's trp .
i could 've gone today but i thought they had stopped biting so i skipped out .
i do n't understand the reason for the protests either .
are they trying to push for a policy action from the british government against the punjab state ?
that said if people harbor prejudices against brown people i do n't think we should put our heads in the sand as part of that .
i do n't support this particular protest but in other potentially relevant cases .
however in order to be effective you have to put as much of your army fighting together in one place .
i think that is what could save red because they can choose where they push and blue will have to respond to that .
the loudness near airports came from the fact that it was powered by 4 huge turbojet engines not from the sonic boom .
i doubt this is anything but them noticing sjws are in the news now .
do n't get your hopes up too high for san jose .
it 's 3 weeks after worlds so the teams wo n't go in well practiced at least the ones making it further into the worlds .
there is also gon na be roster movements right after worlds so expect teams withdrawing their participation or playing with subs .
oh god one of my fellow girl scouts died of an aneurysm when we were eight or nine .
it was so strange when she died and the school had a fundraiser with her name on it .
if you trust torrent sites or not doesnt matter you cant play multiplayer with cracked gta copies anyway .
steam is probably your best bet and definitely the safest way .
though i 'm not very good '' she lets out an embarrassed chuckle .
i was hoping that this class could definitely help with being taught by such a famous photographer and all ! ''
she gives a sheepish grin setting her hands on her hips .
i 'm gon na twist your question a bit and say from the main roster dolph ambrose orton neville and cesaro .
they did it a bit with reigns during that blizzard raw .
tell me what these guys fight for and give me a reason to care !
however does n't youtube have an option to fix it ?
i battle constantly with body image issues depression anxiety and extreme lack of confidence .
it takes a lot of work to not self hate .
i feel like i am slightly better since losing weight but certainly not healed .
i have moments where i almost feel normal now when i never used to .
edit sorry as for goals and how they have been shaped my concentration on strength has been important in the way i perceive myself .
it gives me an objective metric to look at and say i have improved x much '' because i am likely to believe not much has changed without it .
it certainly does n't help my faith to be constantly trying not to raise any red flags for them .
i feel like i 'm just following a bunch of pointless rules .
i do n't have any friends from other denominations .
i 'm not sure where i would meet them most of the churches in my city are just pentecostal/nondenominational .
i think they 're taking a risk here and i want to support that .
it 's far from my ideal game with some of the more accessible '' features .
but just having a no respawn friendly fire no aim assist console game seem to be a rare feat these days .
this is a large part aside from you know my actual enjoyment of the beta and expectations for the full game of why i 've already preordered and why i 'll probably get the season pass .
yeah something happened with the video editor i used not sure why it ended up like that but i figured it looked good enough to show people the locations .
how 's it any different from the crap in iron man or avatar or a gazillion other movies ?
i 'm the service tech that gets called in to fix all the problems the knob turners create so it 's just more money in my pocket .
i get that you 're joking but morsi is a really common name here .
i made it about a week before the album came out .
still sad they broke up even if hesitant alien was amazing .
very much looking forward to the day when the saudi arabian culturally not inclined to work '' society quote breitbart will be forced to confront the realities of life and have a sincere debate about basics .
this will be great progress and a great pleasure .
it 's funny cuz op is being a whiny little bitch .
if it has my attention throughout the first episode i 'll most likely continue with the series
sort of '' in the sense that it 's more of an exploit .
it 's splitting hairs but i classify exploits separately from bugs .
to me a bug is either an unintentional coding oddity ice scrabbler jerky drop rates graphical glitches or a change that does n't work quite as anticipated companions are now redonkulously powerful .
exploits in contrast are when an intentional feature deleting a stronghold moves all characters inside to the corresponding planet thus saving the character are intentionally used/abused by players to achieve an unanticipated result .
in blops 2 it was given in an update and you had to download the map .
just goes to show how misguided it is to ask hockey players for political advice .
gretzky was good at hockey but otherwise a twit who allowed himself to be used by the most partisan politician canada has seen .
you need to be rather stupid or clued out that there was even an election happening in canada to fall for something like this .
please media folk do n't ask hockey players for advice on matters of state .
problem is it 's too easy for a cloaky to just sit in a site and wait for some dumbass to warp in .
also i ca n't fly a recon or a t3d so the only things i could use with a covops cloak would be t3c or a stratios none of which i 'm willing to risk on a maybe you wont die '' lol
he is about to take this league by storm this season .
i think that i will definitely give it a shot .
i just like to get a lot of opinions from different people so that i can make informed decisioins etc .
i 've seen 'pro dogfight ' clips of battlefield .
this post just inspired me to start this day off with a nice wake and bake .
gon na start today with dropping a .1 and seeif any new moments come up !
i 'm not sure people in this thread are pretty convinced .
i got ta have the best ! ! ! !
the originals were suppose to be the strongest things and they are even more badass in the book .
then we meet silas who i got ta admit was kinda cool at first and it tied into the show decently .
but now the show is just popping up with stupid shit .
i honestly could n't care less about there heretics especially since they sounded cool at first but turned into a bunch of ... well carolines .
the xbox brand would still be alive and well and the xbox console would only see a small dip in sales .
releasing halo and other exclusives on pc would bring microsoft far more sales of all of their exclusives .
people see it as people spending 500 for halo which is what i did when i bought my xbox one but i 'm sure most people who do n't own an xbox wo n't buy one at all even if they love halo .
they are missing sales of the game by keeping it behind this 500 wall .
it 's clear they are losing this console war and a smart move by them would be to use their biggest assets the games as leverage into the ever growing pc market .
while i 'm all for 3d touch you know you can preview an image by leaving your finger on a thumbnail for 1 second right ?
doubt you 'd kill me irl if ur hanging out in this sub .
pm me for fun or if you just want to talk .
yeah when moe went out pierce went the fuck off .
it 's nice that it is preseason so i could kinda sit back an enjoy it .
adblock aside from being stealing wo n't give you the music or offline viewing parts of this .
this color combo touches me in all the right places !
do you happen to know what cap profile it 's going to be ?
i would think some moders use high quality textures and such .
yeah 2^nd gen that 's what my grandfather has and i have no issues with the youtube app on the device or air-play-ing .
oh for sure i love log horizon and just wish there was a bit more depth explained maybe in the light novels i have n't checked it seems to have some hybrid verticle/horizontal level system that seems pretty cool .
if games where like ok if you save up now and invest wisely for 30 fucking years you might achieve this one goal '' then you 'd probably struggle with that too .
advertising campaigns which make a claim td is green we promise '' in order to ease their purchase decisions .
based on behind-the-scenes material it seems the tesseract was possibly inspired by m.c .
this http i.imgur.com/mrow7gr.png image was in the science of interstellar as figure 29.11 with the caption the lattice of extrusions drawn by christopher nolan in his working notebook when developing the concepts for the complexified tesseract . ''
germany and sweden have top notch social security china has none
2. those cities were built for profit and are emplty because the appartments either had n't sold for 100 's of k 's of or no one rents them .
i 'm assuming you 've seen the rest of the show right ?
i should just take it apart and unplug the useless thing .
although i got charged 18 added gratuity ... on a 20 tab ?
yup but ignore it it 's progress '' and revenge '' for apartheid .
remember kids you ca n't be racist towards white people .
you should be able to use a variety of different critical tools but you will likely find that as you focus more that you will draw more heavily on one or a few approaches .
one thing you need to get used to when applying for phds and also doing them is that you need to be ready for your yearly creative writing exercise in which you write a convincing precis of what you 're doing with your phd for grant applications which honestly may end up bearing very little resemblance to what your phd actually is .
when you actually start writing your diss it will be pretty accurate but until then it 's pure bullshit but typically it 's bullshit that you think hard about .
it 's also important to realize that there are multiple aspects to your critical framework .
one of my friends did a phd on ideas of intimacy in romanticism drawing on issues of book history and gender .
there are a lot of different issues going on there and what most people end up doing is creating an approach that draws on a variety of critical texts oriented around a single idea .
you 're not going to get away with a project that is some thoughts about literature from a variety of critical perspectives . ''
instead you 'll pick an idea that really interests you and then think about what critical approaches are related to that idea .
the early stages typically involve getting familiarity with a lot of different approaches so that when you get going you 'll have a sense of what you actually want to do .
i was curious on if this is true or not and i had a level of halo 2a i had n't completed so i tried it out .
ran through and completed metropolis on legendary with the scarab skull .
went back and completed it on easy to see if it would unlock legendary .
waypoint says i 've only completed it on easy .
the first thing i want to say is that just because you love someone does not mean that you will be able to live with them for the rest of your life .
this is one of the most painful and important lessons i have learned .
you can love someone deeply but that person may not necessarily be the right life partner .
because a life partner depends on more than just love .
these things matter as much if not more than being in love '' with someone .
it 's a hard concept to understand when you 're young and the culture du jour is always telling us love conquers all '' and screw everything else just marry the person you like/love . ''
when this is amplified by music hollywood and bollywood you kind of become the 'bad guy ' by default in many people 's eyes whenever you say something to the contrary .
there is a very clearly-defined goal and a game plan that will be used to accomplish it .
in sikhi marriage really is like being a team because your so is becoming your main sangat in life .
you both understand that the goal is waheguru and the game plan is to use gurbani to walk on the path of the guru 's sikhiya towards that aim .
i ca n't imagine anything creating a stronger bond between a couple than being each other 's rocks and most loyal supporters as you climb the steps of the spiritual ladder towards waheguru together .
and that 's why while i think love is important it can not substitute shared values virtues and character . ''
it can not be a substitute for sharing the same vision in life to be walking towards the same goal together every step of the way .
i will see if there 's a way to not annoy the crap out of the stream .
if you wash the figure beforehand stuff 's much likelier to stick .
what does fat or ugly have anything to do with it ?
i trust ashley blue as a scholar on the subject .
it 's not a spoiler it 's an automatic cautionary thing i do for interview post near game days .
forgot to adjust the days now that games are n't thursday sunday .
yeah the oil pressure gauge is the one i look at the most .
i was thinking about picking some up with my next ammo order .
make sure to tag the next person in your chain
a buddy and i are in town from tampa and we have stuff from cycle brewery cigar city and other stuff if you guys wan na do a share .
i can tell by the way you write that you are far more intelligent than you give yourself credit for .
you may think that 's me being super supportive person but if i did n't feel like that i 'd just ignore the post and wish you the best in silence .
would n't the most useful be the most quicker to get to like in zesty and dc though ?
they made some very good points but i do n't see what oh i 'm new to the game guys !
that 's more just some experienced players being douchebags to the newer players .
just think about when it went from 18 to 21 .
all of those 19 year olds could n't drink anymore
you call the number and give the pass code and soon after you get a message on your comm pixie meet me at ginseng 's tea house in tacoma tomorrow 2:00 pm
when you get a chance send me your skype info
the only viable argument i 've seen that warframe is an mmo would be the way invasions and events work .
sure each player only plays within a cell of four but the things they accomplish have larger persistent effects in the game world that go beyond just their mission .
for example the balor fomorians destroying the relays it took multiple you could say a massive amount of '' people running multiple missions in order to take down the fomorian and in the cases where the players were n't successful there were consequences that affected the playerbase as a whole .
i do n't think warframe counts as an mmo but the mmo-like elements which is draws upon are clear in the devs ' attempts to create a living '' system that players can have tangible effects on .
oh sorry i misread your original comment as moving from geneva to massachusetts '' .
apart over 2 years and we 've only lived together for 1 .
i 've done long distance stuff often before i met my wife .
it did n't always work but it was n't because of distance .
man i really need to know whether diggs is a good option to start or not .
i really want to bench jordan matthews cause theres no way he does well against the panthers when he barely got anything against the giants .
diggs is my only option off the bench cause of bye .
pulling her to the left is a meaningless exercise .
like obama and most politicians she will say or do anything to get elected and then disregard those issues when expedient
it would require frontier to care about the situation .
they dropped solo for carebears '' and that 's clear indication that they do n't plan any of what you posted here .
which is sad since player interaction would definitely make this game feel less empty .
description bob-ombs guarding the castle exit ... got ta fire them up !
and please feel free to play other levels in my profile if you like as well !
i have this problem once or twice a day and it drives me fucking crazy .
only way to fix is to close the game and restart as far as i can see .
mine is spotty so that 's what i 've been blaming it on
i spent all summer worrying about a damn intermittent rattle then one day my girlfriend figured it out ... smh
the space between your card and your cpu heatsink make me nervous .
some things drive me spare but generally it 's a blast .
organization if you have your own repo users can see all of your projects in one place .
you can also organize them in a way users can find what they want easier .
updates it sucks uploading a package to a default repo and seeing you forgot an update then it takes 1-2 more days to get the fixed version up .
with your own repo you can update it in minutes .
beta creating software is tough there is so many ways things are interacted with that could bring bugs that you would have never thought of .
having a repo allows you to have a smaller group to release to .
if there is an issue you are n't flooded with hate .
feedback from my experience you receive better feedback when you release to your repo instead of a public repo .
paid for example if you are part of my paid repo you only pay a single price and download anything i upload for free .
for me this is amazing and a way for me to say thank you to my supporters .
this only could happen if you created your own repo .
giveaways if you have a paid repo it 's under your full control .
you can change price at anytime or even make it free .
piracy all default repos are watched by pirate repos .
if you have your own secure repo most of the time they are not picked up by pirate repos .
of course there is positive and negative with managing your own repo .
negative things i can think of would be managing/making packages and you have smaller audience .
also people will constantly ask where do i get this
if you are right handed move your case to the left if you are left handed move your case to the right .
let 's be honest most of us here at pcmr probably spend several hours each week in front of the computer .
a no drinks here '' rule is just stupid .
i was tempted to post it myself but that would be silly since i 'm participating in the discussion .
there 's just so much wtf in one paragraph i ca n't get over it !
one time i accidentaly took 2 40mg ritalin capsules instead of one .
my heart was beating faster and harder then ever and all i could think was holy fuck holy fuck got ta study '' .
not a teacher but am a logical and educated adult .
i get that some students make life hell for teachers .
i was that student in an inner-city school philly but ruining her future is n't the answer to help this child .
at the end of the day she is still just a child and maybe her parents were n't all that great .
i had many teachers resort to anger and discipline in my time in high school but finally a teacher took the time to talk to me about my home life and what was going on in my life and she absolutely changed my life we 're still friends to this day 15 years later .
you ca n't help every one i get it your job is hard .
taking legal action against a child when you know as an adult if charged this kid is probably going to have a hard time getting into a college or getting a job in the future ... that 's pretty shitty ... no that 's a really shitty thing to do .
i 'll be able to make due with 780gb with the few good games worth buying at the moment .
pretty good recombobulator target and one of the better cards in arena .
i think it would be playable in constructed with just one extra stat in a really control based paladin
hey blake ... you think zwei 's boyfriend material ? ''
blake looks up from macking on a beowulf she found and shrugs before returning to her task .
it 's way too much fun to run standard oil when pirates exist .
i ended up doing more research and found someone looking for this exact game so i already went through the major euphoria and nostalgia but thank you so much for your reply .
saçma saçma konuşuyorum mu dedim içgüdüsel olarak kurtarırım ama mantıklı sakin düşündüğümde düşünüyorum ve saçma saçma değil.suriyelilerin vergilerinden beslendiğini unutma
btw i 'm posting this from my microsoft windows .
i started by doing all the journals and then after a while i stopped and just started doing the t 's .
i kinda regretted that afterward but i did alright .
i think shazier will play and that will definately pose a problem .
i love jerry and he knows how to compete but i do n't think he has the business acumen that elway does .
this and do n't forget to make sure all your perks are set to max out armor especially for recovery/agility hunters so you survive the blast .
if there was no killing joke there would be no prong or fear factory .
that being said i enjoy listening to killing joke asteroid
bone prison/wall each give 15 dmg per level to bone armor .
if you max both that 's 600 damage on top of the 110 dmg from lvl 10 bone armor for 710 total damage absorbed .
most monsters in the game do less than 100 dmg and 15 ctc means that on average a little over 1 in every 7 hits should proc a new 710 dmg bone armor so you get pretty close to being immune to most sources of physical damage
bone armor damage absorb is also applied before the 100 dmg from amp on cursed monsters so as long as your bone armor has n't been broken amp does nothing .
the biggest thing to watch for is might/extra strong/fant monsters since those can bring a monster 's damage up to several hundred causing your shields to be more likely to break before the next re-proc
i agree that lr is very useful but like i said before i just feel like all the skills from bc torch anni armor weap helm amu etc were more than enough to get me very close to the point that additional points meant very little
i used silkweaves on my nec which all but eliminated the need for insight .
i lost 10 frw by doing so of course but i figured that getting vigor added more than 10 so it was worth it outside town only obviously
edit iirc i believe i remember reading somewhere that a lvl 9 or 11 lower res will break every poison immunity in the game which can be broken so while additional points will help vs non-immunes it wo n't help in regards to breaking more immunities
step 8 once written content is submitted smart contract uses author 's friends to determine if content submitted was acceptable .
contract forwards written content for review to select friends .
if content is 51 thumbs up then no penalty .
if 51 thumbs down then penalty money goes to a positive charity .
19 high school graduate no scholarship so no college i have a quarter of a tank of gas in my truck and it wo n't likely get higher than that for a while .
i have no job even though i 've been looking did n't get a vehicle till i was 18 and lived away from any places that were hiring so i have no job experience .
you know what i do when there 's no fire to put out ?
i go around asking people if they need help with their fires .
lined sheet of paper is the greatest tool for a powder drug user .
fold the paper in half with the drugs inside and get a glass jar/glass and make a twisting motion grinding the pill/clumps until its ultra fine
after the 2nd beta test will the data from the beta test be reset like the 1st cbt ?
it is not confirmed yet but it is likely that the data from the 2nd beta test will be reset since we are keep developing the game .
as its still basically cbt plan for a wipe .
i have a very small group of friends now that i know do n't have to depend on me for anything but friendship and loyalty .
i would love to be expanding my circles and making connections and i always do even when i 'm not trying but i know with my specific goals in mind that i can not waste time or resources .
so i 'd say to invest as wisely as possible in your friends at the moment .
make a conscious decision to avoid people who will expect you to create balance .
the people who stick around when you give them nothing will continue to ask for nothing .
an another week would also give pit more time to firm up their o-line play but this is probably wishful thinking coming from someone starting jones .
it looks exactly like wickham park in melbourne fl .
30 is pretty generous actually given how these things normally go .
plus the skins are expected to be a labor of love that the maker then gets paid for not a labor of work .
the skin maker is not on the same time table nor are they forced to be committed .
it is n't a lot but if we assume a skin is 5 then the creator makes 1.5 per sale .
that 'd add up to be a decent amount of extra discretionary income for anyone to spend on hobbies and the like .
i say let 's just be the bigger people and not even use womansplaining '' .
from tomorrow there is a new law in force that makes it very hard for non-refugees to hide from deportation .
then it 's just a matter of putting them on planes and flying them back to their home countries .
if i get a text during the day while i 'm at work i hardly ever respond to that text unless it 's important or if it was asking a specific question .
it seems like the mass majority of her texts are hey what are you doing '' or basic conversation texts along those lines .
if i miss those texts for what ever reason and it 's an hour or several hours later i hardly ever return those back especially if it 's someone i talk to on a regular basis .
if it 's an old friend who has moved away and we do n't get to speak much then i will respond when i get a chance .
i do n't have much experience in chatrooms where all my friends get around and talk all together on a daily basis .
but i find it more weird that she 's upset that she entered a chat room did n't say anything but is mad at him for talking to the people he was already talking to before she entered .
if you want to talk to him in the chat when you enter then say hi like a normal person would .
i also think you are confusing friendship for something else .
you keep saying friendship but it definitely feels like you want more than that from this man .
it 's ok to not talk to friends for a couple days or miss some texts it happens .
it sounds like you want him to treat you like his girlfriend or like a girl he fancies .
if you want that then put yourself out there and let him know .
the worst that can happen is him saying no .
redskins packers vikings and bills all just got dropped in my league .
yes i 'm due may 29th and i had my first scan this past tuesday and i nearly flipped out when the screen came on and i did n't see anything .
and then a second later she was like i already see the heartbeat '' and i literally felt so good .
i did n't feel any real connections with the baby until the scan and i saw him looking like a gummy bear .
it 's crazy that in a few weeks the baby will look more baby like '' .
also i hate to say this but the worrying never goes away .
i still worry about my little nearly 3 year old daily .
i believe it 's just a part of motherhood .
i read somewhere that someone said something like i do n't know about tomorrow but right now i 'm pregnant and i 'm so happy . ''
no one knows how to make it but the ballpark value right now is 600g .
they 're jealous of firefighters and that 's the best they can do .
quite simply you can never ever mock up vr in a single 2d frame .
i do n't understand the point of this at all .
if zelda u had mario world characters instead the typical zelda characters and instead of going on quests they 'd play tennis i would definitely not buy it
i see you live in nova too i was just looking at that add yesterday .
i do n't know why i expected an actual interview with louis ck in the title
a couple of things i believe but the only thing i can remember offhand was a 50ft triple coil immersion chiller i converted into a herms coil .
even after shipping it was only like 57 bucks .
right click the file in the remote location create shortcut place shortcut on desktop .
they told me 32gb 64gb are shipping early nov 128gb shipping late
when deriums posted a video of how they ordered from wizards or other distributors i was surprised to see that the cost of bfz boxes was the same for every language option .
for those interested try searching the script offer tag.. https www.reddit.com/r/gonewildaudio/search ? q 5bscript+offer 5d sort=new restrict_sr=on
the recording artists on there are always hard at work but i agree a good script can be enjoyable even sans audio .
it is unimplementable because it makes that piece of the application unusable to the vast majority of the target audience .
the hs userbase is too retarded to like a fast solution
the point of a user interface is to simplify things once so that they are easy to be used intuitively by the users .
why anyone would replace a search bar of all things with a command line is beyond me .
the search bar exists for one purpose while a command line is used for many .
hence the search bar is optimized for its task which is finding relevant information cards .
no game developer would ever force its users to learn relatively esoteric knowledge to use its basic features .
they understand unlike you that the division of labor in society means that surprisingly not everyone has to know how to do everything !
having all cards opened from packs even duplicates is a bug .
replacing a search bar with a command prompt to fix a bug is ridiculous .
your command line culture pride is also silly when you try to laud it over others as some sign of your superiority .
faster to create with not faster than what it creates .
you can not argue the fact that in the vast majority of cases your across-the-board new '' tag wipe is slower less intuitive more difficult to use and in general a horrible design decision for an application like hearthstone .
having a check box in the settings menu to turn off new '' tags is a way to implement your idea without it being completely unusable by the majority of customers .
we have special cards that we hand out that briefly explain what albinism is and why it affects us the way it us .
but when my little cousin asked my aunt why i was white compared to the rest of my fairly dark-skinned family she literally told her that it was because i was n't cooked long enough before i was born .
i am currently hyped for both afterbirth and fo4 but have to admit slanting in favour for fallout .
god damn these are going to be the best coming weeks ever .
no some people just truly believe that the government should n't have total control over all things .
i 'm actually getting the classic and blue yoshi from the robin trade already .
and i hope to look like you in the 2nd .
my strength is developing but i 'm still at around 20 bf .
how much did you cut your calories daily during that time ?
i use womens deodorant on my anus during the summer months to cut down on my sweaty ass sack
how does one test it on training room without finding matches ?
i thought they lived alone and that 's where they get their names ?
i even keep my kitchen cutlery locked in a cabinet until i need to use it .
although i do that mainly because my chef knife alone was almost 300 dollars the extra safety precaution is nice though .
these odd statements from reputable scientists in the field are surprising .
unfortunately your comment has been removed for the following reason
using abusive language or fighting with other users flaming activities which are against the rules https www.reddit.com/r/atheism/wiki/guidelines .
connected comments may also be removed for the same reason .
users who do n't cease this behavior may be banned temporarily or permanently .
if you have any questions please feel free to message the mods http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/atheism .
this one was tough but i eventually found it .
this would n't be able to bear much load .
mortar joints are too thick and its the wrong type of brick .
i just had a new video show up it was just released so i guess yt in it 's infinite wisdom deleted all sub feeds and they will repopulate as new vids are released .
is that before or after you beddit for an hour ?
redditors talk about the shower principle — that 's a reference to how you need a shower after you read reddit right ?
i wanted to do it today but as i still suffer from the migraine i ca n't enjoy it that much .
i wonder how they 're going to explain her superpowers .
december 18 the 17th or even earlier in some lucky areas is christmas ?
it means to stop and regroup and recover when you 're losing rather than continuing with what you were doing that caused you to lose in the first place .
i 'm quoting the language of the contemporary players .
that 's why i provided the testimony in my responses to your questions .
this made it extremely easy for communists and fellow travelers to infiltrate into important positions within the party machinery . ''
i 'm sure they used terms such as infiltration '' because the communists were unable to form a pure communist party at the time so they tried to co-opt other more acceptable parties to push their agenda .
when the communists began to change the target party the more moderate members of those parties left because they wanted nothing to do with communist ideology .
you seem upset that i 'm providing so much proof .
why do n't you take the last word and we 'll end the conversation .
i clear every super boss with ravian as striker .
you do need to have mspu 120 ravian through ...
i used to be top 50 on last season cod .
have yet to figure out how to beat floor 50 with ravian .
i really doubt there are fakes of this yet .
colors match the way the shoes are presented with no laces tied yet color of the white is dimmed yellow .
clippers are cool but i 've finished 3 of them in less than two months and i 've probably only finished 4 or 5 bics ever because i lose them way before they ever run out
well i mean that 's what happens with hot '' issues dude .
when someone generates discussion new opinions get formed and old ones resurface .
when people who have such a huge audience like dunkey and uberdanger post something that generates discussion then yeah there 'll be by consequence a large influx of people talking about that issue .
obviously them quitting and them saying tencent is gay or w/e is directly because of them is true but saying it 's over blatant fanboyism instead of their own genuine opinion being formed after seeing the videos is kinda retarded bro lmao no offense dude
she will likely critique my style and tell me that i 'd get more dates if i wore less flannel .
after a few moments you begin getting used to the clumsiness of your wings at least enough to be able to walk
smoking will just add another problem try something else to give yourself a challenge
examples of moral facts if they existed would include such statements as torture is wrong '' or giving to charity is good '' .
i just saw yesterday that the delta 2 has pre-made titanium coils .
you can use them with the sigelei but you just set the temp 100 degrees lower then where you use nickel coils .
there are a few things that you should know about using temp control with the sigelei .
on page 5 at the bottom of the page of your manual is the instructions for setting the resistance of your coils while at room temperature .
make sure to read them and do it before you attempt to use temp control as this could damage your device if not done .
set the joules at 60 as this will give you all the ramp up time you need to get your coils up to temperature .
once the coils come up to temperature then joules do n't do much .
i set my temperature with a new coil at around 350 and go up as needed for flavor and cloud .
in the mornings i find i need to turn down the temp to around 260-290 because of the harsh vape .
it goes away as the coil warms and then i increase the temp in 30 degree increments until i can vape it at 390 .
this could just be something that is unique to me but i thought i would throw it in so you would be aware of it if it happens to you .
remember that dry cotton will burn at 420 degrees f. so if you use the device at a higher temp than 420 make sure to keep the cotton wet or it will burn .
we use xirrus at my campus for wireless aps and most of our network backbone is cisco .
my supervisor uses ubiquity equipment at home and has little to no complaints .
he says that ubiquity is the perfect choice to go with if you 're wanting enterprise-level equipment at home or for small organizations due to their affordability and flexibility .
they may not be at the same level as competing vendor devices but they 're leaps and bounds above and beyond your 175 router offered at wal-mart .
waay too lazy to grind garbo hisec missions for that .
are there still services that i can pay nerds to do it for me ?
because if you dont have pride you 're a filthy traitor/terrorist
got the same keyboard and mouse combo its awesome .
he was smoking as early as the fifth episode http comicbook.com/2014/11/22/constantine-smoked-in-tonights-episode-producer-teases-dangerous .
okay my opinion it 's not terrible it 's not great .
with a lot of work it could be something great .
there 's a lot of un necessary drum changes and fills like between 54 and 0:56 try keep an even drum pattern and then make it more fancier then add simple changes and fills .
1:44 to the breakdown '' it just kinda seems like un-necessary sounds thrown in there there 's no such melody .
as for mixing i can hear the kick is slightly too over-driven so tone it back so it 's not clipping there 's ways around toning it back and still keeping it loud if you play around .
i 'm no pro just some constructive criticism none of my stuff is exactly briliant '' either https soundcloud.com/waalstepofficial
if i feel it will benefit me without being too much of an inconvenience or energy/time expenditure .
literally the only mjf joke '' i 've ever heard that was actually funny .
td and luke are doing td and luke things the d-line is playing great despite the absence of pieces and the the secondary has been oustanding all year .
and where do you get that our offense is not scoring '' ?
we 've had 27 points or better in 3 of our last 5 games and we 've probably faced the toughest defense on our schedule .
glad to know my grind through the karl might be worth it .
so much hate on german cruisers and i can see why .
you know you do n't have to comment on every thread .
true in essence any type of greatness debate has to have a cutoff between segments of 15 years i 'd say .
send an email to amazon kdp support and make sure they link your paperback and kindle edition they are n't linked right now .
so people looking at the paperback find the kindle easily and vice versa .
it 's your call but 5.99 for the kindle ebook seems high for a 38 page picture book .
i think this would make a great gift for new parents baby showers or a christmas gift .
i would try to engage some of the parent bloggers out there .
find the ones who enjoy this type of humor and get on people 's radar before thanksgiving .
fuck sounds like my relationship '' that 's gone to shit after 4 months .
tia thank you for taking the time to do what you do .
rescuing both people and dogs as well as educating the public about a vicious '' breed .
my dog 's philosophy on life is that all humans are on this planet to love her .
when i took her to the vet for the first time the vet tech actually told me to consider putting a muzzle on her because other people might find her scary .
honestly i about punched her in the face for being ignorant .
this ignited a passion in myself and my husband to advocate for pit bulls .
as a britbong im glad someone else made this joke
i would get her to call a friend and wait till they showed up .
i 'd get her a cab and go with her to make sure she gets in okay .
i did n't understand how programming the vcr worked .
i mean i understood the user interface but i thought it meant that i would be able to instantly watch things that would air at an arbitrary future date/time .
my nexus 5 battery was dying too quick and i wanted to write an ios application .
i got to like it so much that i bought the iphone 6s on release day and i switch to icloud and everything else .
if you own a mac the seamless integration is amazing .
iphone 5s is great if you can tolerate the small display .
bet at least one person will have r2 full break before the event 's end ... idk how many mythril/gems that 'd take but you can bet someone will farm it .
it 's apple moreso than uber since it was their ad .
i know that most of the primarchs were usually busy either ruling their home world or conquering the galaxy and that they were effectively superhuman .
but it was hundreds of years between their birth '' on their home worlds and the end of the great crusade .
at least one of them must have had something close to a romantic experience during this time .
so this is the dumbest town i have ever played with .
i was mafioso as john hathorne and chris or ashley was godfather.the trans got us to attack ourselves on n3 and showed this .
then chris said i just hate this because john hathorne is mafioso and he 's dumb .
then we both survived till the end of the game where we teamed up with witch to eradicate the townies .
2 they did n't hang my gf friend chris even though he gamethrew and was very dumb
3 nobody even tried to vote me or chris .
4 it was all any and i tried to be hidden .
but chris revealed me and gamethrew very hard and still nobody voted us .
he kept saying i was a stupid mafioso for about 3 days in tos time
i 've printed the 6 sections folded a4 made holes and i 'm currently pressing them overnight .
i have the mull the ribbon thick cardboard and linen for the cover .
is it possible or advisable to stick something other than the first and last page of the sections to the inside cover ?
when i look at my hardback books they have a coloured piece of paper that is stuck to the inside cover and then creates the first page before moving onto the first page of the first section .
in short i think i 'd like to avoid sticking the first page of my section to the cover of the book by somehow inserting a coloured piece of paper before it .
i 'll be 30 years old in a year .
i started my jiu-jitsu journey at 26 and i was compelled to train and compete in mma but that desire faded as i spent more and more time on the mat .
i have the opportunity to train mma twice a week and not interfere with the amount of bjj i do .
i 've been doing so concurrently for the last 3 years .
but as i 've progressed and school and work wore me down i 've been conflicted and questioning if i want to continue making time for it .
i could easily fill that time with strength conditioning stretching mobility work recovery or just plain old rest and extracurricular activities ... all things that i easily neglect .
my main goal is to one day years from now be able to teach and pass knowledge on and the biggest sticking point preventing me from giving it up is feeling inadequate and unable to be able to coach teach without experience in mma competition .
part of me also feels guilty like i 'm being lazy and letting a lot of my training partners down .
but there is an overwhelming amount of technique to master in striking and i 've got my hands full as it is with jiu-jitsu .
how many of you have been in a similar situation and how did you handle it ?
hi guys so i bought a 2 day pass to escape but am now planning on just going to first day to give it to a friend of mine for the second .
can i walk in with just having the wristband on me or do i have to have it taught on my wrist ? if so how do i remove them ?
i 'm hoping to snag a box this weekend .
do n't know if this is right sub.. gallery here http imgur.com/a/vaaiw
original brought a gopro hero4 silver however it was way too shaky thus returned it and brought the sony as200vr instead after checking out the review on youtube https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=vqmiukmulnc .
only used once for my trip to cuba in september 2015 .
i have got tons great footages with this little action cam especially underwater !
let me know if you want to check them out !
i am selling it now as i am not planning to go on vacation for the upcoming year .
32gb micro sd card just one floating around will give to you if you want it
trying to get my invasion coin to hale 's own and i 'd like to know this so i know how many kills/assists i need to get each day from now on .
do not talk about how much you love or hate the dh here .
so let 's say the nl adopts the dh at some point in the future say at the start of the 2017 season since the next collective bargaining agreement runs out at the end of the 2016 season .
which national league teams would stand to weather the transition best and which would do worst ?
my take the cardinals and the dodgers would probably do very well given their large pool of talent and salary respectively .
the cubs would probably take a rays-esque approach to the dh rotating their position players reguraly in the position .
i could see bryant and schweiber getting alternating dh time .
prices are marked with shipping however anything under 25 will have 5 added on .
aladdin box only x2 10 for both or 6 each
sega genesis power clutch arcade controller in box with styrofoam 30
ken griffey jr. mlb box and cart tear in box 10
the legend of zelda link to the past cib manual and top secrets guide 85
coral pink ds lite w/charger and matching shell case 27
pokemon mystery dungeon explorers of darkness case and manual 8
legend of zelda twilight princess case and manual only 8
tales of symphonia dawn of the new world cib 15
star wars battle front ii case and leaflet only 15
age of empires ii the age of kings cib w/guide 12
what are the best ways of dealing with opposing j-rulers that do n't involve using blazer as my ruler or red will cards like flames or thunder ?
i searched on google for hours but every gif maker is peasant-sized .
i have 4 1920x1080 images that i need a blend transition between .
so i started up csgo like normal and i went to a 1v1 server to warm up .
but then i noticed something i couldnt hear any enemy footsteps despite them being right infront of me any shots they took nor could i hear when i took damage from them !
i have searched everywhere and no one has had this specific problem .
also dont ask me to uninstall and reinstall how stupid is that .
i do believe that the drugs were actually candy but could be actual drugs .
i started working as a valet a little while back and would like to track where i work when i work and how much i make .
ideally i 'd like it in a spreadsheet-esque format with abilities to calculate averages and totals .
i 'll be looking at hours worked gross hourly pay and tips along with dates and locations .
i thought i had read something saying excel is not that good at this type of thing but ca n't remember where nor find it so i thought i 'd ask people that know what they 're talking about !
why is his name 's pronunciation like saskay '' when there is a u in the name ?
i get that it 's not an english name but it 's written in english it feels like it would make more sense to spell it phonetically .
hi i just got legend for the second time with a tempomage deck featuring rhonin and i believe a guide could help you out and even if some tempo-mage guides are present in this sub-reddit such as hotform 's mine 's says different things .
i wanted to share my experience with this deck because rhonin take a huge place in the win condition of the deck .
here 's a list of all the matchups and the mulligans
now that patron warrior is gone warrior is a very good matchup for us .
their is two kind of situation when you 're facing a warrior .
or you get a really good curve and detroy him early or you are stuck in a value game where you can win .
thanks to rhonin making awesome combos happen with antonidas or even the flamewaker s .
paladin is a good matchup for tempo-mage and that 's why it 's such a great deck in this meta .
if you get board control you 'll win care about shielded minibot with redemption and try to play around consecration
mulligan go for an agressive mulligan for mana wyrm mad scientist arcane missiles and flamewaker if you have the coin .
sorcerer 's apprentice is fine if you have low cost spell but is not quite as good
druid is the best matchup for tempo mage always clear their minions if you already have board control try to play around swipe .
the most important thing is that since tgt mirror entity can be a bad thing with their darnassus aspirant .
always care about this card because it 's almost and instalose if their manage to kill your darnassus before turn 4 .
always mulligan for flamecannon frostbolt to kill the darnassus and mana wyrm mad scientist and for the apprentice .
as midrange hunter is an even matchup face is harder and i suggest if you face a lot of those put a sludge belcher in your deck asap instead of azure drake or unstable .
just try to get early board control and finish him before he double kill command your face
midrange hunter is all about board control if you can get a good value out of flamewaker you should win easily .
mulligan for mana wyrm mad scientist sorcerer 's apprentice flamewaker flamecannon andfrostbolt .
mirror image and arcane missiles are ok if you 're scared you 'll get nothing or if you already have synergy creatures
since it 's almost only tempo mages right now just go for an aggressive mulligan try to get wyrm or the scientist and if you have a better start than he does play aggresive otherwise try to get the more value you can from your minions .
keep 1-2 creatures and flamecannon and frostbolt and it should be ok
if it 's a mech mage it 's the same thing if it 's a freeze mage care about the mirror entity on the doomsayer and rush face as much as you can .
priest are a hard matchup but not unwinnable at all .
vs dragon priest it 's all about early board control so go for an aggresive mulligan for you early creatures and flamecannon for their wyrmrest agent .
a good holy nova can make you lose and a good flamestrike can make you win .
vs control priest just rush face keeping board control and care because they can steal your flamewaker with their cabal .
the combo rhonin archmage antonidas or rhonin flamewaker will destroy them if the game is not over by that time .
if it 's a handlock just rush them face you can win very early turn 4/5 with a great hand your mirror entity is your best friend .
sometimes the handlock will get a perfect hand and he 'll detroy you do n't worry this happens .
if it 's a zoolock it 's the hardest matchup for us .
just prey for them to dont have a great hand and try to get board control mulligan for 1-2 minions and flamecannon or arcane missiles
rogues and shamans are beaten down quite easily in this meta just mulligan for wyrm scientist flamewaker flamecannon and frostbolt and win this .
care about their clean blade flurry and lightning storm and play around them
who is the guest co-host and where is kevin ?
so i 've got my right side sorted out .
matt maiocco just elaborated on his statement in an interview with damon bruce .
he said the 49ers wo n't be firing tomsula or any coaches since york/baalke hand-picked them and definitely want to give them more time .
he said that if the 49ers do n't play better in the next 2 games before their bye week they 're gon na make a big decision/change ...
this stable of rusev sheamus and barrett looks surprisingly good and they seem to click really well together thoughts ?
could i just get someone to proof my build .
i want it to last me for aslong as possible and to be able to handle 3d modeling and animation programs like maya as well as graphic design programs like photoshop .
pcpartpicker part list http au.pcpartpicker.com/p/hxf9mp price breakdown by merchant http au.pcpartpicker.com/p/hxf9mp/by_merchant
hello this is a ridiculous problem i 've inherited a 5th-hand yamaha clp 550 without a stand but with an external pedal .
the only problem is that there does n't seem to anywhere to plug the pedal into .
i ca n't ask the previous owner but i know she connected it somehow so it must be possible is there anyone who has a similar model who could shed any light ? !
i think it would be awesome if we could design our own zombie maps .
it 's too bad that the servers will only be like this until the event is over .
it would be great if people could experiment and make zombie maps to play on .
there 's so many different strategies that could come into play with different map designs .
luckyspammer 's map is pretty great but after playing it to much i realize that if the map design was different strategies could be a lot different .
i do n't really know what i 'm suggesting i guess i 'm just writing a wish that could never come true ...
i 've been doing tons of research on what i need for setting up a fishtnk .
i 've got a 55 gal tank i 've received and i 'm wanting to set up a tropical fresh water aquarium .
1 what fish combos work well together should i avoid .
2 i would like some shrimp or crabs which will be friendly towards the other fish i put in ?
3 where is the best spot to buy fish in your opinion i 've found some online markets but i do n't know if it 's better to go to a pet store and if so which pet store or online market do yall prefer ?
sorry if this has been discussed but it just occurred to me that everyone talks about the vaults being social experiments but i have n't seen any info as to if vaulttec is actually doing any research ?
who 's monitoring the vaults is there anybody or thing looking at the all gary or the all women one man vault or the myriad vaults and doing anything with the data that 's supposedly being gathered ?
am i safe to assume that if your account gets flagged for the beta that you will be streaming ?
i know i will be but i just dont know how often i will be able to .
so i 've been using marijuana as a crutch for my anxiety and unfortunately my anxiety got so bad that i failed university and was kicked out and i lied to my parents about everything until one day they caught me smoking and then i told them everything .
they were accepting but still i knew they were pissed .
my mom said if she ever finds weed or anything to do with it she 'll kick me out .
so i stopped smoking for a bit but then i got back into it .
my parents have 0 trust in me and i get interrogated all the time about anything i do .
but unfortunately they found my stash and my bong while i was out of the house .
now i do n't know what to do ... anyone able to help ?
the 'extensive faq for beginners ' https github.com/riosprogramming/faq is kind of out of date but they suggest courses from stanford and udemy .
i was thinking about buying this course https www.udemy.com/the-complete-ios-9-developer-course compiled by rob percival and i have mostly heard great things about it .
however some people have said that it does n't go into much detail .
i have also heard many positive things about these books https www.bignerdranch.com/we-write/objective-c-programming from the big nerd ranch their new book comes out on the 11th of december so i was thinking of waiting for that .
many people also suggest starting with objective-c and not swift so i was just wondering what is best .
this is an automatic summary original http www.theguardian.com/world/2015/oct/24/hurricane-patricia-batters-mexico-with-165mph-winds-rain-and-storm-surges reduced by 88 .
hurricane patricia hit mexico 039 s pacific coast on friday evening bringing downpours surging seas and cyclonic winds but has since weakened with the main concern moving to fears of landslides caused by heavy rain .
four hours after making landfall in a relatively unpopulated stretch of pacific coast patricia was downgraded to a category four hurricane and then to a category two storm .
quot at 10pm the national hurricane centre said quot now that patricia has moved inland while the coastal threat is decreasing strong and damaging winds especially at higher elevations will persist through saturday morning .
record wind speeds peaking at 200mph measured earlier in the day reduced to 165mph upon landfall the us national hurricane center in miami said but it warned patricia was still an extremely dangerous storm .
patricia formed suddenly on tuesday as a tropical storm and quickly strengthened to a hurricane .
nws meteorologist kurt van speybroeck said as the hurricane moved inland the mountains of mexico quot would shred patricia apart quot but the weakened system would continue moving north and eventually bring another round of rain to texas before moving into arkansas louisiana and beyond .
summary source http smmry.com/http www.theguardian.com/world/2015/oct/24/hurricane-patricia-batters-mexico-with-165mph-winds-rain-and-storm-surges faq http www.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot version 1.6 6692 summaries so far . ''
theory http www.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31bfht/theory_autotldr_concept feedback http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 23autotldr pms and comment replies are read by the bot admin constructive feedback is welcome . ''
top five keywords hurricane 1 patricia 2 wind 3 storm 4 mexico 5
post found in r/worldnews http np.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/3q07j3/hurricane_patricia_fears_of_deadly_landslides_in r/betternews http np.reddit.com/r/betternews/comments/3pzafs/hurricane_patricia_batters_mexico_with_165mph and r/allnews http np.reddit.com/r/allnews/comments/3pz9n4/hurricane_patricia_batters_mexico_with_165mph .
notice this thread is for discussing the submission topic only .
do not discuss the concept of the autotldr http www.reddit.com/user/autotldr bot here .
what was the big inevitable really dangerous thing '' that was coming that cyclops was seeking counsel for ?
i thought it 'd be answered in schism but the only thing even remotely close would be the giant sentinel but there was n't time to plan for that and the characters were n't in the same position .
i m still quite a new player in pad .
half a pack on last godfeast and one pack on dc 'godfeast '' .
looking for some advice on wether if i should sell those duplicated rem rolls .
and just general advice on what to keep and to sell in my box .
my progression is up to tier 6 in normal and just around tier 2 in technical kind of lazy and didnt play much here .
i think i can push all the way to kog or the level before that ?
my current team is nepthys starting pull karin/gryphs/ogre just bec of team cost plannig to use grape dragon or hades since i pulled him this morning echidna the stall give me a lot of error margin but does weaken my damage output
is there some better sub i can use in this team wiht my current box ?
is my.com launcher experiancing issues or is somthing wrong on my end im using windows 10 btw
please i would like to join a group who preferably has spindles and is 300 i am 302 titan psn dragoonisaac
i would like to finish so i can goto bed lol d
immediately upon exiting your garage your vehicle clips through other vehicles and objects .
this is an automatic summary original http www.news24.com/world/news/deadly-blast-targets-shiites-in-pakistan-20151024 reduced by 73 .
quot many injured and bodies were brought to the civil hospital quot senior police officer zafar iqbal told afp initially describing the blast as a suicide attack but later saying authorities were still investigating .
civil hospital chief dr altaf wagan said at least 15 bodies and dozens more injured people had been brought in and said that more wounded had been shifted to two other hospitals nearby .
the attack came outside the residence of a local shi 039 ite leader as devotees were setting off towards a main procession in the city some 500km from karachi iqbal said .
friday 039 s attack came a day after a suicide bomber blew himself up at a mosque killing at least 11 shiites including six children in the town of chalgari in restive baluchistan province .
however political and security analyst hasan askari told afp friday that the fresh wave of attacks against shi 039 ites shows sectarian groups are still active .
earlier this year a brutal attack killed 45 shi 039 ites in karachi in may .
some officials pointed the finger at islamic state the jihadist group that has taken over large swathes of iraq and syria despite the pakistan government 039 s long-held stance that the group does not have a presence in the country .
summary source http smmry.com/http www.news24.com/world/news/deadly-blast-targets-shiites-in-pakistan-20151024 faq http www.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot version 1.6 6691 summaries so far . ''
theory http www.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31bfht/theory_autotldr_concept feedback http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 23autotldr pms and comment replies are read by the bot admin constructive feedback is welcome . ''
top five keywords shiites 1 hospital 2 attack 3 people 4 injured 5
notice this thread is for discussing the submission topic only .
do not discuss the concept of the autotldr http www.reddit.com/user/autotldr bot here .
i spent a lot of time on the lsd planet last year .
at first i was wiping my feet at the door showing nothing but respect for the other realm .
i would waltz in to their world without invitation sometimes without even knocking .
this was n't viewed as polite and i could see that i was becoming a burden to them .
i was beginning to feel that overstayed my welcome .
it 's been a year now and i think i have been forgiven .
i feel my old friends calling me back the first invitation in quite some time .
this time i am not bringing friends or any plans of my own .
this alternate reality has done so much good for me in the past .
i at least owe them the respect they deserve .
the universe it brings you to is not your home .
do n't fear lsd but you damn well better respect it .
to join add your gamertag to the game lobby here https www.the100.io/quick_join/qgwcrvnbyhe https www.the100.io/quick_join/qgwcrvnbyhe
or you can reply to me here on reddit .
i 'll send invites on a first come first serve basis .
you can also use the chat on the game lobby page to communicate with me .
as of patch 2.2.0 i 'm sure most of you have noticed the inkzooka 's new reticle .
it changes from your normal square crosshair to a narrow stream of arrows .
also the inkzooka can not be fired instantly after popping it you must wait a longer amount of time and the fire rate is slower .
just thought you might find it interesting that the patch went global into the single player .
it changed how the mechanics work for a couple of inkzooka strats and it 's overall slower .
this is nothing groundbreaking and it 's in no way a patch killed the run '' kind of deal .
as long as they stay away from world 4 skip we 're good .
luckily no other nerfs matter in single player as we know of .
sub weapons were not changed and the hero shot damage nerf does not effect the number of shots it takes to kill enemies .
here 's a theory i wrote up about pan 's labyrinth on my personal blog
tl dr ophelia is being manipulated by the rebels probably mercedes into aiding them to take down vidal .
the evidence is basically that all the tasks the fawn gives ophelia seem to aid the rebel cause .
more generally i think it 's about both ophelia and the rebels searching for their utopia .
here 's one i found when searching this subreddit for pan 's labyrinth theories about it being a more direct allegory for the spanish civil war
i think this movie is great and has a lot of possible meanings so i 'm willing to accept my interpretation might not really hold up to scrutiny .
i am going to japan next year 15/05 05/06 and have already planned my trip and what i want to see .
but i have a question about airbnb because i am a first time user .
i want to rent a room or just even a bed in a shared room .
do the hosts expect me to do something with them ?
i do n't want to say that i do not want to talk to them but i have my own plans .
do i get my own access to the room so i can enter something at everytime ?
then i am also looking to get an ic card for the local transportation in the cities tokyo osaka nagoya kyoto hiroshima .
is there a card that covers all the areas ?
i thaught that the suica card would be fine because i got coverage in all of the areas .
if i am i would get the card in narita airport and give it back in osaka either city oder kansai airport .
so it looks like gw have taken down not just labelled as temporarily out of stock all the links are actually removed all of the old whfb lizardmen .
its likely that they are just getting reboxed to go along with an appearance in the next campaign book but what is everyone else thinking/hoping for .
personally i think it would be interesting to see some updated models with some different asthetic choices but i would n't be surprised if its just a standard reboxing .
also i 'm curious if they 'll get an actual battletome because they 'll be the first old army i 'm considering pestilens and rotbringers to be minor releases to get a full rerelease/reboxing or if that 's reserved for factions releasing with new models .
so i was stuck at oryx 3 hours before having to leave .
anyways i was thinking about finishing up today at 7am pacific time .
my question is would i benefit more if i just level my alt to 40 drop all the gear i have been saving for it on to it to be like 295 and just run nm mode instead .
i am a 310 warlock stuck with a 303 ghost and 305 boots .
my alt is a 34 titan that does n't even have weapons of light unlocked yet .
thank the good lord bungie for 'finding ' such a great spawn location !
so far only snes roms work fine but if i try to launch neogeo or mame roms they do n't start at all .
i 've followed the wiki page on retropie website which suggests to use clrmame but everytime my retropie complains with rom not supported '' .
actually the same roms are working on my pc using a compiled version of mame for linux sdlmame so i do n't get where 's the fail .
i 'm the specific i was trying to run any metalslug king of fighters version but none of them are working
i 'm buying a new video card next week and was wondering if the 970 series cards still have issues with running hots correctly .
since october 20th i am having a very difficult time dealing with my urges and have jerked off like hell .
even the panic button is n't helping me when i 'm hit with the urge .
after jerking off i feel so ashamed but then i forget everything before i relapse once again .
i have loads of work to do and i 'm back to my procrastinating self .
28 year old academic educated drug and disease free 6'00 and 175 .
i 'm looking for a masculine bi curious guy that can teach me the ropes or give me an exploratory massage .
i 'm open to trading oral and maybe even bottoming .
send me a body/cock pic and i ll send you some of mine see if there is chemistry
i 'd assume they 're part of a talent tree but i ca n't find details on the actual signature abilities in any of the rulebooks or supplements .
now do n't confuse the topic with losing motivation or getting a brain-fart and taking a break just to come back later and finish with a bang .
i mean losing interest entirely in a level or concept you were once excited for to the point of just lazily slapping the second half together and moving on without a care for the quality .
initially i was quite excited for a level i was building a gauntlet of 8-second challenges which would build in difficulty .
the first half would introduce concepts the second half would test them .
i just slapped together the second half and uploaded it .
i 'm looking for a video it might be a gif of a guy on his computer and he randomly coughs out his tooth .
it 's getting more difficult using double lushen against some nowadays .
too many tanky defenses with eladriels kumars and riteshes to make it reliable .
however i was able to pull tiana a week ago so hopefully she can mix things up .
do any of you know if there are any well written anthologies about anarcho-capitalism ?
i 'm hoping to develop my own but was wondering if work had already been done .
before ordering i surfed for user reviews regarding xiaomi phone performance and customer care .
the reviews about performance were positive but for customer care majority of them used word harassed '' .
xiaomi phone owners are invited to leave feedback for me and all consumers .
i was surprised by how much i laughed she 's such a delight !
so i made a guild but 1 no one can add other players and 2 ca n't promote .
help me out ... no idea what i am doing new player here .
i 'm writing on the imf and the fixed exchange rate system and have n't really taken any upper level macro yet .
can someone explain to me who knows better how trade deficits and exchange rates interact in a floating system and the problems associated with a fixed exchange rate system .
also how the actions the imf can take giving them temporary reserve currency can solve the problem
i would like to put a stereo in my halloween room and find some creepy-ish kk slider song to go with it .
so i recently got to the point weight-wise where i feel like i need to using a lifting belt during squats to protect my lower back .
i think i have pretty good form in general but after a minor lower back injury a couple months ago i want to be as careful as possible .
however when squatting with a weight belt when i go all the way down i find that the belt pinches my stomach .
i do n't have a gut or anything i 'm actually quite skinny and i 'm just using the regular old weight belt they have at the gym but still it squeezes quite hard and even creates blood blisters on my stomach .
i tried moving the belt a little higher up which prevents the pinching but then it does n't seem to be covering the area of my back that needs support .
i am attending the rally jj dinner tomorrow and was hoping to have some stickers or signs by now but they have n't shown up yet .
i happen to live near a campaign office and decided to check it out and see if they had any stickers or signs and they did !
they hooked me up with a bunch of stuff .
they were also very very nice and we talked for awhile .
i am hoping to go back to volunteer soon possibly canvassing sunday .
i do n't know where the campaign offices are but if you happen to live near one and want a yard sign window sign or some stickers you should go there and ask for some !
i have a feeling they will hook you up .
who in your opinion is the best all-around champ ?
a champ that can adjust to any roles may it be top going down to support .
i 'm level 15 and not getting plays from leveling up anymore .
do you just stop earning them after a certain level ?
just curious about what you guys do for jobs/extra income .
i lurk on this sub but rarely post so i thought what the hell .
as for me i 'm a waitress and a tae kwon do instructor .
i 'm saving up so i 'm too poor to post pics of nice clothes lol .
i was joking around with my roommates the other day because one of them was swearing up a storm and made an offhand comment that she ca n't swear like that or her mouth will get washed out with soap .
they all turned around and stared at me granted everyone 's here because their parents are either extremely messed up or deceased and asked if my mom really did that .
dish soap is awful but i was just glad it was n't bleach .
she got that idea in her head a few times luckily i managed to escape to my room and hide under the bed whenever that happened .
with more time dedicated to women 's matches who do n't hold the wwe title like sasha banks paige and the bellas could there ever be r/sc women 's titles ?
hello reddit its carbonrod and freehornpub back again with a new article !
we wrote a detailed piece about how skill matters in hearthstone playing out another batch of 100 games as a statistical backing .
hopefully the article will be read with constructive comments about the article regarding our style analysis or anything under the sun .
on a side note are there anything in which you would like to see next ?
the next article will probably be a freeze mage guide as carbonrod might be busy for the next week i am offering free coaching for freeze mage for the next week while i write the article for a breath of fresh air .
carbonrod is a multi-time legend having achieved top 100 legend multiple times .
he is an expert of the rogue class having played over 3 thousand games of rogue knowing all of its intricacies matchups and variants .
freehornpub is a player dedicated to freeze mage having played over 1300 games of freeze mage having researched all of its relevant matchups and math its possibilities knowing all of its intricacies matchups and variants .
we 're both currently looking for sponsorship or any job in this industry of reasonable terms .
i tend to write detailed posts but this is a pretty simple line so this likely wo n't be too lengthy of a description !
i would love to write something out where either a celebrity or a woman from just about any tv show or movie gets blackmailed by someone that she knows and can easily be an oc to do just about anything that they want .
it could start off slowly things like grinding their ass in to the man 's lap for a bit letting him jerk off in front of them and maybe cum on a part of their body while they wait/talk/look with disdain handjobs ... etc etc ...
and it will definitely work its way up in to the much more hardcore realm of blackmail .
i 'm up for a vast variety of kinks as well so feel free to come at me with just about anything !
as for shows that i like ... that is a long list that i will put a few up but feel free to pick a character or a celebrity from one of them !
or even toss others at me as i wo n't be able to put down everything that i know since that 's entirely too long of a list !
house of lies weeds house of cards daredevil netflix orange is the new black scrubs the office parks and recreation community monk supernatural smallville heroes until dawn charmed boy meets world life is strange eastbound and down the big bang theory dc especially harley quinn !
there is much more but i do n't want to sit here all night and simply list off television shows/video game titles !
i 'm more then happy to oblige if there are others you want to talk about !
i 'd just love to go with something dark dirty and slow-building to the really raunchy stuff !
on a cushioned piano bench we put in the room for just this purpose my wife laid on her back on the bench and the other woman bent over her in a 69 position .
i started fucking my wife and the other man started fucking his from behind .
everyone was so into as much back-and-forth as we could between wet pussy and wet mouth .
i would fuck my wife with long deep strokes as the other woman bent over with her tongue stretched out to lick my wife 's clit and i would pull out and angle myself up just enough so she could take me in her mouth .
i 'd fuck her mouth while her husband pounded her from behind her moans muffled by my cock .
meanwhile my wife is reaching her head up to lick the underside of his cock as he thrusts deeply into his wife ... he would pull out and fuck my wife 's mouth and then go back in his wife 's pussy ... her head is angled back over the back of the bench so she could deepthroat him well .
i loved being able to run my hands along the other woman 's back while she had me in her mouth i could reach far enough to spread her ass while he fucked her ... then i 'd go back in my wife 's pussy and lean back a bit and use my hand on other woman 's head to encourage her to lick my cock as i thrust in and out ... this went on and on ... .so.fucking.hot .
also on this piano bench my wife is on her knees and i 'm standing in front of her and she loves showing them how well she sucks my cock .
she sucks incredible cock and after ten years she still keeps getting better and better !
as she 's going down on me in this position the other woman came over and knelt on the edge of the bed so she could go down on me as well .
her husband came behind her and started fucking her from behind as i had two beautiful cock sluts loving me thrusting deeply into one 's mouth and pulling out for one deep thrust into the other 's mouth each time with them doing their best to keep my cock in their eager mouths but i 'm also doing my best to stay in for one long stroke before i pull out to enter the other 's open mouth ... .
... but not the one it needs right now .
he 's a hopefully silent guardian a watchful protector .
do we use this opportunity to start over again with mr anoaʻi ?
to be receptive for the mega push he was always destined for but never deserved ?
we always knew it was gon na happen eventually .
as long as the shield triple threat title match at mania happens it 's perfectly fine if roman goes over calm down dean can close next years mania .
this is all presuming he and bray have a match on sunday which considering he has proven himself in every big match opportunity i believe that ... . to be likely .
the majority of pantheon guides out right now are pretty old and i do n't see many people talking about him .
i have always enjoyed playing pantheon but my issue falls under his ult and not being able to carry with him .
i usually win most of the lane phase with him i feel like his level 1-5 lane phase is near perfect .
he has an auto attack block passive a point and click semi nuke a point and click stun and a decent aoe clear .
he has 100 crit chance securing cs and even kills .
there is only two things that makes him near perfect and not perfect in lane which are any sort of escape flash etc does n't count and a ult that does n't really work well enough unless the enemy is dumb enough to follow you into a bush or stand in your channeled ziggs ult .
i just do n't know what it is but every time i play pantheon i can usually get 5-8 kills before dying twice .
my average kd with him in 20minutes is around 6/2/2 .
but once the game gets to that 30-45m mark he falls off so hard and i understand that is the point but i honestly have no idea how to play him into the late game .
if you choose to engage there is no going back it is like zed having no flash and his w is on cd and you ult into their team .
as a toplaner you are usually front line but i feel like he has a lot to offer for peel in his point n click stun for adc .
i just do n't know what it is but i feel like in a 1v1 late game it is very hard to come out on top because of the fact that he can get kited well if the enemy knows what they are doing and his q w e q combo does a lot of their health but it doenst kill them and you lose .
and kindred being played often makes it even harder for him to teamfight since she turns it into who can last hit better after you blow all of your abilities .
i 've tried finding a pantheon main that can explain how to play him past lane phase and i ca n't find much .
i see a lot of people say they think he is a better jungle or mid laner but i 've played him in all roles and i prefer him to be top .
regardless of who he lanes against i believe he has an even match up top lane .
if they are somewhat squishy like teemo little gnar vladamir riven etc his q will chunk them and it is pretty easy to freeze on them and make them lose xp .
and if they are a tank they are more likely going to rely on some aas which his passive helps .
olaf and malphite give me the hardest times but i can usually come out on top or even .
i 'd appreciate any tips and knowledge that anyone can share to help me improve my pantheon play since the majority of pantheon help is revolving around him being in the jungle and the rest is outdated since steraks and dead mans have been added .
this is weird but after i put on my bernie sticker i started driving more politely .
today is about one year after i started to quit pmo .
but my record is seven days and i have n't even been able to do that in a long time .
is anyone hoping for land prices to decrease in a credit collapse/deflationary period and pay cash for land before the epic shtf .
what 's the strongest race group etc the deadly duo can take down ?
if all bio and tech based stuff is doomed what would it take to stop this menace ?
hey i am a 17 years old guy i have a bestfriend let 's call her lana i love her we are alwasys together and she is like my sister .
i have a girlfriend lets call her min i like her we have been dating for about 1 month .
the thing is our relationship is a secret so only me min and lana know about this relationship .
me and lana are confortable with each other so before i had a girlfriend we hug and even kiss on cheek and she even sits on my lap sometimes and i give her messages .
after me and min started dating we started reducing the touching between us so we only hug from time to time .
we all go to the same school and we share many classes together me min and lana and sometime i sit next to min and sometimess next to lana .
but i noticed that sometimes when min is not around me and lana go crazy and we start hugging or she will sit on my lap and kiss me on cheeks and sometime we even cuddle .
the other thing is me and min have a real secret relationship we didnt even have a first kiss or a date cause friends are always with us .
i am affraid the friendship i am having with lana might endup causing me problems in my relationship s and i really like min so i real want be with her .
i even heard lana say that she dislike min and that did hurt me for a while but now i like min and i dont care what other people thing and i think that sometimes they are fighting for me cause in scholl they try to sit next to me or hug me first and sometimes i see that the way to look at each other is kind of bad and mad .
my conserne is lana doing this may break my relationship with min ?
and what can i do to make my relationship with min more fun ?
and how can i tell lana to stop doing all the touching without hurting her feelings ?
and how can i prevent lana 's friendship from breaking my relationship ?
tl dr i have a bestfriend and girlfriend and they are fighting for me what should i do ?
phase gate exist but where is quest to enter it ?
it 's a search action that brings up a list of sites to choose to search from .
everything is working fine except for looking up my router password on 1password .
it is labeled as home router '' on 1password so i do n't know where the problem is coming from .
the error is url could not be opened '' .
anyone have any idea why this error is coming up just for this item ?
i queued for arena the prompt comes up for the game .
notice i can only move between selections in the background but ca n't select anything .
hey bloomington redditors just wanted to give a heads up that our salon is throwing an open house today from 10-1 and we 'd love for you to come !
we 'll have free snacks and mimosas free chair massage by yours truly discounts on products and services and a really great raffle !
you should come check it out if you 're available !
210 south adams street where kirkwood curves and meets 3rd street next door to hinkle 's hamburgers
so for some context i 'm a long term lurker and after so long of trying to get into a dnd group i decided i 'd make one myself with some friends who have played it in the past and some who are new to the game .
i 've never played a game of dnd before but i 'm looking forward to it .
we 're playing 3.5 and doing a custom campaign i put together using some random encounters to fill in the spots .
it 's just mostly we 're starting at level 3 to speed things up too .
i just want to know what i 'll be expecting and any tips for newbies really .
i 'm 16 i 'm studying by myself most of the things we know about celestial bodies quantum physics and relativity .
what do i have to pass through once i ended school ?
it is currently 7:18 am cst and my friend will be picking me up shortly to go on a disc golf road trip .
so i 'm curious what 's your earliest wake up ?
my personal earliest was 3:30am i needed to go set up for an ace race in a town an hour away .
under the gun is the 6th track from 2007 compilation album sawdust https goo.gl/nd26e4 .
it was also released as the b-side of the ' somebody told me https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/somebody_told_me ' single which was released on the 15th of march 2004 .
and only she can set him free and then he says to me
previous song of the week flesh and bone week 18 https www.reddit.com/r/thekillers/comments/3p4qku/song_of_the_week_18_flesh_and_bone
next song of the week smile like you mean it week 20 https www.reddit.com/r/thekillers/comments/3qwt7d/song_of_the_week_20_smile_like_you_mean_it
only just started doing it averaging 4-5 kills a trip with a spectral should i be lasting for more kills ?
because the party follows him doot doot doot doooot 🎺🎺🎺🎺🎺🎺🎺🎺🎺🎺🎺🎺🎺🎺🎺🎺🎺🎺🎺🎺🎺
finally got my symbiote plushy/hat from blizz it is much bigger than i expected it to be i 'll be honest but it is still awesome d
feeling a little vulnerable but ya got ta start somewhere right ?
thankfully i have a very loving accepting woman in my life .
she 's amazing very helpful but i 'd love to get some advice/support from others on my side of the fence .
look forward to chats/comments/criticism from anyone who sees this .
i have this bug where my screenshot button is my console command button so i have 4000 screenshots .
i 'm a system administrator so i know a bit about service management and network topology .
whether on my home wifi work wifi or 4g across 3 devices all accounts have been getting connection delayed messages and probably 15-20 an hour in the least .
i 'm located on east coast and am probably routed through dc hub i asked in game and many others having issues as well but also this has been going for like 4-5 days straight now .
has anyone fished out the ips of asia servers so i can run proper ping/trace tests to prove that this is n't in fact a network connection issue but rather the fact that their servers ca n't support the amount of incoming requests thus timing out .
by the way for a company that makes billion plus in profits ... this is pitiful .
the crashes they deny are pitiful the memory leaks are pitiful the graphic bugs are pitiful and the drop rates are worse then winning odds in vegas .
do n't get me wrong still a good game and is why i play it but seriously this 'management ' is some serious bullshit .
anyone can hit me back with proper info for further testing ?
i wanted to start this thread for a really long time now and i figured since booty beaver published a new song i could do it know so guys any theory for girly gorilla booty beaver or drippy dolphin ?
bitcoin btc is preferred over keys/bettables and i 'm willing to give discounts for bulk purchase .
if a price seems high to you please just ignore it .
or just pm me i 'll adjust it if its unreasonably high
please do not offer for the tobd kupu or ef frog in my inventory .
genuine perceptions of the eternal mind 54k or 102 1 clean
genuine kantusa the script sword 24k or 45.5 1 clean
scythe of ice bulldog rat stick 15k or 28.5 1 with the 10 bulldog autograph .
exalted sf arcana 16k or 30 5 clean with sf gem only
exalted lc arcana 15k or 28.5 1 clean with duels gem
price is only slightly negotiable for these high-demand items in bulk or btc but please feel free to offer .
inscribed arms of desolation 1k or 1.9 normal not inscribed
empyrean 1k or 1.4 non-inscribed will add stuff for key
ember spirit weapons greater lesser purifier 1k or 1.5 clean .
inscribed crazed tassels of the black death with set 1k or 1.8 full unlocked
3x inscribed the lightning orchid 1k or 1.9 3 immortals for 1k
ti5 weather effects all 3 1k or 1.5 can add some sweets for key
i 'm not always at my pc so send a steam offer where applicable if i 'm not accepting your friend request .
psn ndwyatt71 or tubbywubby420 310 warlock 309 titan cleared everything except oryx on alts
i first saw this strategy used to great success here
has anyone used the git up 1 or xiaomi yi cameras ?
i 'm trying to find an action camera for about 100 that i can slap a good external microphone .
basically all everyone seems to use is the drift s and the hero 3 and 4 and those are a bit pricey .
it was so nice aaannnnddd then kabam realized they were being nice and decided to take them out and make people use units or painstakingly have to wait for energy .
i 'm trying to make my blog design look good have tried so many templates and this is the one i liked most http alasecondee.blogspot.com.eg
i chose a banner photo for my header what do you think ? does it look good ?
the most popular proposals of this week were selected along with some of the ones that did n't make it last week .
vote yeah nay or abstain and include the abbreviation of the proposal .
today we have 5 as thats only one more than we had last week and is a pretty reasonable limit to maintain .
first proposal doesnt have a link as their were so many posts discussing it .
option picked give the lost delegate positions to the conquering nation the nation who holds the former capital the nation who took most of the fallen nation 's cities or the nation who took the fallen 's last city .
option picked extend from two weeks to a month .
incompetent or absent officials may be impeached by the court .
addition of religious delegates ard each of the majour religions get a delegate to the congress .
4.new tourist guide/country safety ranking ntd document on country 's human rights record/safety .
on a case by case basis governments with congressional court approval can expel violent foreign populations to either reservations or other nations .
dearest nerds i 've spent the past couple of weeks doing pokemon sprites !
i 'm having troubles adding more screenshots to the m.o.i .
download page http moddingofisaac.com/mod/798/thebindingofpokemon but there 's plenty more information and pictures over at thebindingofpokemon.com
gray screen with the twitch logo on it when i logged in .
i 've been having problesm with my chrome browser in the last few days it only opens facebook twitter reddit and youtube .
it wo n't load anything else it comes up with an error err_connection_refused .
i think it 's malware that i ca n't get rid of .
i 've ran chrome cleanup tool multiple times and scanned my system with the nod32 antivirus and it came up with threats that have been removed .
simply put seen in turn 2 the medallion owner takes less then 100 damage .
obviously i understand that this occurs because of how damage is calculated but it just seems like an oversight for medallion to still be providing damage reduction for it 's owner after the proc and it should probably be more like in the game and that it should just remove the 20 damage taken for the owner .
note if you plan on using goods/services '' i ask that you incorporate a higher cost into the price .
on the picture there`s something about saturday nov 7th 23h jauz moksi .
useful rewards make it f2p and loser gets 1 ticket draw 1 ticket and win gets 2 tickets .
there are a lot to take into consideration when it comes to development for a phone .
the reason why the opo has more developer support is because it 's been out longer developers know how the opo works .
if a developer wants to develop for the opt developers will need to actually buy the phone .
you might be thinking well the opt is cheaper than most other flagship phones why is it a problem ?
they do n't get paid for their hard work and they get annoyed when users ask for etas 24/7/365 for what practically is charity work i.e .
with the current way oneplus is selling their phones with their invite system developers ca n't even get an opt let alone develop for it .
if you 're commenting on how the initial rate of custom development for the opt is slower than the initial rate of custom development for the opo was it is because the opo had a more pleasant hype .
people were happy to hear about oneplus releasing the opo at such a price for its specs and so developers took the efforts to buy the phone .
after some comedic screw ups with the opo from oneplus the hype for the opt was n't as pleasant .
tl dr developers actually need a opt to develop .
invite system very difficult for developers to obtain a opt .
why do you think the dudes in hereto porn are n't average ?
bernie like most people does n't know how to create jobs in a world where manufacturing is n't done in first world countries .
if so shoot me a message and i 'll gift you one if it ends up being a pricey skin
please read this message in its entirety before taking action .
your post has been removed as it either violated rule 1 http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_1 or rule 2 http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_2 .
please check that your post does n't contain the following issues
your own answer to the question goes in the comments as a reply to your own post .
your post will not be approved unless your own answer is removed from the text box .
you must post a clear and direct question and only the question in your title .
your post ca n't be specific to your situation or involve a story .
please make sure to depersonalize your question and remove any unnecessary context before posting it again .
use the text box to explain your question if necessary but do not use it to share an answer add unnecessary context to the question or include your personal story .
as the submitter any answers or stories go in the comments section as a reply to the post .
this is to allow for users to distinguish between the question being asked and the submitter 's answer when voting .
please note once posted the titles can not be edited .
if your title breaks the rules please feel free to make a new post that fits within the rules .
when you 've removed the answer or unnecessary context from the textbox message the mods for review and reapproval http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2faskreddit subject=post+review+request message=my+post+was+removed+under+rule+1 please+review 3a 0d 0a 0d 0ahttp 3a 2f 2fwww.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/3pzkle/please_help_me and ask the moderators to re-approve it .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
i am very high right now sending this to you
and buying from small producers greatly increases the carbon footprint of your food .
you get a lot from car body '' language drifting slightly towards one lane seeing a head turn you can get a lot from watching someones side mirror a lane merging or a freeway entrance in congestion is a bad time to split due to frequent lane changes etc .
it is n't always a safe maneuver but it is not typically unsafe .
it just appears to be even to other riders not used to the idea of splitting in moving traffic .
bill clinton fucked every woman he could get his hands on for decades upon decades
iirc when you enter the great hollow the enemies in blighttown respawn .
duelers are good tires but they look small on your jeep
just once i 'd like to see a fighter tattoo his first name on his back .
he couldnt even stomp nacs ... but faith '' i guess
would a straight man do gay for pay '' things like griffith did with gennon and possibly numerous other people ?
miura just did n't want to put it bluntly especially since certain ambiguity keeps the reader more interested .
but the behavior of griffith just completely falls in line with what a lovesick person would do .
how he tried to seduce charlotte and had sex with her and after she went to sleep he was just sitting there depressed thinking about guts ?
or how he was thinking about guts in prison which kept him sane ?
or how he went haywire after guts decided to leave him for good and attempted suicide which then triggered eclipse ?
ye you can tell me about how they were just really close friends but i ai n't buying any of that .
he would be pushed over as soon as he moves from behind that wall
i tried dry burning my titanium coils a few times but i guess i do n't pulse in short enough bursts because they always tend to get that white covering on them afterwards which tells me to just toss them and make new coils .
i 'll have to try again with shorter bursts and see if that helps .
i love titanium coils but the re-usability factor certainly turns me away while flavor testing .
just checked back on this someone already helped me via message on xbox .
step one to playing paper vintage take out a second home loan .
i was a big chafee supporter with webb being a close second .
with both of them dropping out i 'm now supporting bernie .
i guess we 'll see if marvel can continue to pull it off with characters few people care about .
it 's hard to imagine an avengers movie with falcon that british beam dude and scarlet witch as the main characters
in fact some gangs are already using drones with bomb to do an assasinaton hit .
nah dfw we have chuy 's up here but the restaurants i mentioned should be in austin .
this change is almost as bad as leaving link on the team for 2 years .
when did jaune say he never had a brother ?
i remember he said he had 7 sisters at the dance but i do n't remember him saying he does n't have a brother .
its just you do n't have to worry about being oom when its time to gank/take an objective .
guys ... its just like old times with mcbain playing shit defense and turning the puck over
the only thing stopping doom from being autowin 4k is people wanting to jungle him and not just walking in lane and pressing w .
still waiting for a anti magical aa item for guardians
almighty2539 cleared up to oryx on my first guy 305 titan
wow they seriously are getting rid of pob but getting xmithie lol rip clg
it was n't even a rainy weekend and the field/lot was already turning into a bit of a mess .
a lot of folks would end up stuck in truth .
now i feel like putting up those yard signs on everyone 's lawn .
i 'll try to put in some chocolates or smurfs later .
yeah that is really unfortunate so says my old z10 that had to wait forever for 10.2 .
but honestly if they made this priv good stable and fast i 'm willing to give up on timely updates because it is the exact phone i 've wanted for a few years now
the air up there '' about a once great caucasian american football coach who goes to china in search of some fatties that he can bulk up and turn into linebackers for china 's new football league .
yes i have very snappy startup and some tasks are noticeable faster ...
but i was coming from a 5400 rpm drive so it felt like light years ahead of it .
only noise was the cooling fan really and that was even barely noticeable imo
for the last 6 years what has obama done really beneficial for the country ?
haha a little less than six years ago was when republicans took over congress .
ya know the place that gets to bring bills to vote .
okay but in the context of the un or eu that 's a fantasy scenario .
what you 're describing is member states using their own militaries to subdue other member states that 's absolutely not the same as the un or eu exercising their authority .
doubly unlikely since the most militarily powerful member states are the ones most inclined to check the power of the organization itself .
britain does n't want the eu to be able to invade it america does n't want the un to be able to tell it where it can and can not have military bases and if those powerful countries pull out what legitimacy does the organization have ?
essentially you 're describing the un and eu being reduced to a puppet by one member or another .
i just use the search bar for the artist for example i just looked up 'zain-95 ' and saw that this was posted 3 months ago .
healthy john brown floyd is 3. not healthy id say floyd is number 2. who knows floyd might even put up wr1 numbers
years ago my band from the south was playing a few gigs in nyc and one was at a club on ave a .
we asked directions from a guy and he told us go down this way and youll hit ave a .
if you miss your turn just wait till you get to ave b and work back around .
if you miss ave b you still have a chance to turn around at avenue c. if you miss avenue c well ... . just dont miss avenue c . ''
yeah i looked at uniqlo pretty much the closest to ideal but they 're still a little thick and the neck part is textured .
also yeah haha it 's her definitely a babe .
wm and summerslam do have their own set ups .
survivor series has n't been a big show since the 90s .
the rumble generally has some slight tweaks to the standard set .
it 's dangerous to use tap water that 's gone through your water heater you should never inject it .
it 's liable to have all kinds of shit in it that can give you blood-borne infections .
if dk gets aerial 'd to the bottom of the screen he 's dead .
i 'll never forget getting my pocket knife permit and the slushies at the little store there .
after clicking your platform ios or android choose the first option ゲームデータ消失
i lost my data after trying to transfer my account to another device
if you tried to fly a 109e in 1944 you 'd have a similarly bad time .
fortunately the g and k variants were more modern .
i do n't really like it either but hey the new admin gave a rationale so they 're going to have to follow through .
i have dealt with some toxic people in my life and this person seems to fit the bill .
however the best thing to do at this point is probably just forget about it and revisit the topic if this person starts acting this way again .
my brother liked toy beauty and the beast and my little pony .
guess which one of us turned out to be gay .
not that it matters i love him just the same and do n't care one bit about his orientation perhaps besides of some of the drama queen fits he used to throw but it sure puts things into perspective .
i for one prefer having no furigana over my kanji .
it forces me to think about what kanji it is instead of getting the answer right away which helps with my reading comprehension .
and as the other person said you can use rikai to look it up on your own it 's a tool everybody learning japanese should have imo .
everything about this post is super pretentious and just about a parent making themselves feel good because they ai n't got no sissy . ''
i do n't give a shit what a little girl wants to dress up as as long as it makes her happy .
you get any proficiencies your race may give you in skills tools weapons or armor .
you get any proficiencies your class gives you at level 1 in skills tools weapons and armor .
you gain any proficiencies your background gives you in skills tools or languages .
if your background gives you proficiency in something you already have pick any other replacement you want of the same type .
for example if you already know deception stealth and thieves tools from your class selection and take the criminal background pick any two skills you want instead of deception and stealth they do n't have to come from the rogue class or anything .
you also get to replace theives tools proficiency with any other tool proficiency you want .
also just because a background might give you gear like a weapon of your choice that does n't mean you gain proficiency with it .
i think ignorant newbs are downvoting i dont get it you and one other guy are the only ones referencing fedora kid who this also happened to a year ago or so..
could n't get through the first episode before hitting up kat .
in a link in the dialogue article it mentions in a footnote that the story of the seagulls was sentimental fiction .
i 'm too stoked on our new liberal majority to feel enthused about electoral reform lol .
i definitely do n't want something that would make it too hard for a party to gain a majority though .
i think people spitting out their dip/chew onto the floors and shelves may top that one .
added back and im going online if you wan na get all 3 of my safari pokes
that frightened look on rampage 's face coming out of that choke says it all .
she 's talking about publication bans on sexual assault victims ' names not allowing cameras in the courts restrictions on autopsy photos etc .
okay and i assume you 're using a shaving brush and shaving soap or cream to make a lather .
have you done some blade exploration so that you know astras are better for you than other brands ?
generally irritation is due to too much pressure and/or bad blade angle and/or inadequate prep and/or a brand of blade that does n't work well for you with the most likely suspects being pressure and angle .
another thing that can cause irritation is shaving against the grain on the first pass which can happen when the actual grain of your beard is different from what you assume it to be .
use this interactive diagram http www.pbjsite.com/shave/whiskarmap to map your beard to be sure the grain is what you expect .
the most common shaving pattern is a pass wtg rinse relather a pass xtg rinse relather and a pass atg but as you can see from this chart http i.imgur.com/sbmz1xi.png there is a fair amount of variation .
til that john mcafee announced that he will seek the office of u.s. president in the 2016 presidential election .
he is running with the newly-formed cyber party '' finally someone to give trump a run for his crazy !
i have no idea why they used that challenge .
could n't they of done the episode 4 immunity challenge the one monica specifically struggled in instead ?
you can see she jumps a little when he shoots the gun then puts her hand near her ear .
f is for flash g is for green lantern h is for huntress i is for ivy j is for joker k is for katana l is for luthor ...
it just gave off the impression you are either naive of internet culture or you have a boyfriend so loving that he shields you from all the misogyny and sexism around you .
it 's all about the public perception of the leader .
shorten could have the best policies in the world but it 's the public perception of the baggage he holds over from when he was last in government whether that is in fact true or not is irrelevant .
notice how all the people hankering for albo tanya hell even jason claire ... they all share the same thing in common criticism of the current leader shorten as a wet paper bag with no substance as a leader and someone with a lot of unwanted baggage .
that 's not to say that none of that stuff has any merit whatsoever but leaders do matter ... far more than policy .
where did i say libertarians were in favor of iraq war ?
my point is that you all fixate more of revolutionary socialist than capitalist like george bush .
the kris idea is cool which reminds me how are the other vizards masks related to their powers or characteristics ?
it 's truly disturbing thinking what they must have been thinking .
the horror of dying one way or the other .
if it is a team you care about then wear it .
people who do n't like it can go fuck themselves because really who cares what anyone else thinks ?
exactly why i do n't understand reddits pedo friendly actions which this counts as .
that 's happiness with sharing something the kid enjoys doing .
happiest i 've felt all week is hearing that .
did n't know i jumped to the deep part of the pool
i have no idea what i 'd do with a million dollars ... maybe buy a small broke down house in vancouver p sobs quietly
i have some faith in the american people in being able to spot the obvious abuses
you mean abuses like our government spying on us giving guns to drug cartels performing illegal experiments on us citizens etc all of which is a matter of public record ?
portobello burger with swiss/blue egg lettuce tomato diced pickle and sauteed onions on a garlic bun
mug of warm milk honey with a bit of cinnamon and a bendy straw
edit for the record corales landed 60 total punches over 10 rounds .
he was knocked down 5 times before they stopped it and mayweather connected on 220 of 414 thrown .
it is the high water mark of a one sided beating given to an excellent fighter .
it would be nice making some dreams true for change living paycheck to paycheck sucks .
hinduism is not as dogmatic as you seem to think .
sure there are guidelines but you can pray however you like as far as i am aware .
prayer can include mantra chanting meditation or whatever else you want it to be .
i would do this more often if trying to scrub a hot pan or pot did n't burn my hand off
the point is that it id close to english spoken in colonial america .
not my favourite game but definitely one of my favourite games .
i have had to house rule it a little to get it there hence why it is down my list a little .
everything except for the national mall should be returned to maryland .
virginia 's portion of dc was returned to that state about halfway through the 19th century .
so because they are unique beyond resists this element '' they should be replaced by rocks ?
rock pikmin are awesome and removing them would not do anything positive and would create balancing issues .
good job now you 're on your way to diamond
plat just feels like gold but a little more structured but there are more better laners which know exactly who can kill the other person then they either bait or play it safer
usually there will be someone on the team that is better than everyone else they will take advantage of a small lead and take baron or consecutive dragons then after you lose you get so angry because it seems like a small mistake but good players will show their team how to keep that momentum
pure numbers of slaves/clan rats i can handle but the ridiculous stormvermin/commander spawns are very difficult to deal with .
i also find it strange that on normal difficulty the rat ogre is guaranteed to appear whereas on any other map as far as i can tell though i might be wrong on this the rat ogre has roughly a 50/50 chance of appearing somewhere on the level and only on hard is it pretty much guaranteed .
it was buggy as shit and i could n't figure out the first level cause i was like 10 but i read a walk through and saw plenty of screen shots ...
you 're a time traveller saving the human race from aliens and you can use any vehicle or weapon from the different time periods .
if i recall correctly it was 1910 1949 the 60 's the 90 's and some point in the future .
the but we always have done it that way '' people .
i used this procedure to mount the network drive .
while i was able to copy a file from the pi to the shared folder as root .
i was not able to do so while under username pi .
yeah ue4 is really easy to learn especially with the blueprint system in place .
i am now a math major with a minor in astrophysics .
i may never make it to space but i like to think i 'm still moving toward the same goal .
besides settling for astrophysicist or physical cosmologist does n't sound half bad .
edit i was n't actually sure how far back you wanted me to go with the question of what i wanted to be .
astronaut came shortly after the discovery that there were things called planets .
tardigrades is a retro style non-linear 2d point and click game .
it 's influenced by sierra 's space quest s and lucas arts ' the dig .
when released it would be my 4th game all point and click .
the non linearity http anas-tronaut.blogspot.com/2014/12/whats-nonlinear-adventure-game.html aspect of the game makes it a lot different than conventional point and click adventure games .
every time you start playing the game would be a different experiment due to the random events that occur different solutions random events affecting characters moods and so on .
here http anas-tronaut.blogspot.com/2015/06/3-ways-to-reset-emitter.html is another example of the non-linear approach of the project .
microbial garden of marsi-3 near the jovian system http 3.bp.blogspot.com/-fqahdktgsvs/vg94terip9i/aaaaaaaaari/4fhljq3kl6m/s1600/spacegardennew1.png
natasha 's way of negotiations with her capturers http i.imgur.com/trnfe3h.jpg
lord of the rings http www.youtube.com/watch ? v=y1pliia_wfm pan http www.youtube.com/watch ? v=yo25pywblb8 alone with ra http www.youtube.com/watch ? v=uutzbjkz5pi game play demo http www.youtube.com/watch ? v=m4ixd7iugps
bonus answer backing up game project 's file while having bad sectors worse than a near death experience
i know it 's not ideal but there are a lot of black cat faces on the internet .
here is your image blown up about 4x with an effect on it it does n't look terrible .
yeah i can drop grip and a local store worker suggested dropping 2-3 silkwrap and 1-4 read the bones for splashing in green or adding more ramp cards .
i 'm also not entirely sure about running 3 ulamog .
since he 's my win the game '' card i figure i should be playing 3 .
yeah combine with an upgraded rin 5 and if she art 's chain that 's 60-80 increase .
i have herc on backup but with no ce .
so it 's actually 3-7-5 but i 'm fine with the art 's lean considering saber 's np refund np recharge from tamano is just really nice for cleaning .
couple that with the illya ce for 20 increase in charge and it 's almost a balanced np spam team .
the multi-hits from caster help with the crit stars sense from saber .
in terms of waver i 've been messing with a high leveled support with him but reading his skill costs it seems fucking brutal to try to get his stuff upgraded .
tamano needs bones lanterns seeds and then 24 forbidden pages for that level 9 .
not saying better than waver just easier to get to the cd reduction and power increase .
i have thought about pushing someone out of the way of a moving car so i get hit instead so many times .
hopefully that person i saved has a good life .
yeah man i 'll think about it for sure i 'll let you know soon and i 'll send you an email
it 's a true straight upgrade to brawl and very debatably a straight upgrade to melee people from every smash community have heard of or participated in it tbh .
it 's good to know not everyone bashes on tag heuer on here !
the misalignment through me initially im a filmmaker and love symmetry but i think it 's quirky now and does n't bother me .
if you do n't mind me asking what did you purchase instead ?
it 'll be good for ... y'know ... future acquisitions .
hmm that bus is heading right for us better just pick up my coffee and step back a bit . ''
it looks like digant dash is another kid who makes similar videos .
also seems to be a a kind well-spoken kid .
i keep a humidity box in the enclosure so there is always a humid place to go that wo n't dry out during the course of the day .
the container should allow for him to turn around comfortably and have a lid disposable tupperware is good .
cut a door/hole in the side large enough for the tort to walk through .
fill with damp sphagnum moss and put the lid on .
when they commentate the all whites it 's alright since only new zealanders will be listening/watching but for the phoenix they really should be more balanced .
ca n't really play the women victim card when other people talking to you do not know you own a vagina .
this is a stupid claim and no study can claim causation on this .
if you eat way too much you ca n't throw off your body 's nitrogen balance and get a build up of ammonia in the body .
that 's bad but it 's about portion size of meat .
fat has to be in our diets in smaller quantities than carbs and proteins though .
it could be bad for you but your body is certainly able to handle it .
in my not so expert opinion this is n't a correct claim .
i feel like people who watch mad men and think wow i wish i lived in the 1960s '' are missing the point entirely .
the same goes for people who idolize don draper and want to model themselves after him .
i remember him at the jedi academy on yavin helping to teach corran horn .
its just annoying to play against she turns every lane into a no-kill lane and has to die first every teamfight or else you lose
if post is open again can you help me out please ?
ar2 is an alien weapon although aside from the alt-fire it is n't that interesting it 's just a hitscan assault rifle .
gravity gun could be considered an experimental energy weapon '' although imo the novelty of it does wear off after a while .
bugbait lets you use otherwise hostile creatures to your advantage though of course you do n't get to use that for very long .
i do agree though hl2 's arsenal felt sort of boring .
the gluon gun and tau cannon of hl1 felt pretty awesome to use and the available alien weapons definitely felt alien '' .
you do n't really get that feeling in hl2 .
that and kotor are the best star wars pieces ever made
i was trying to remember the name of the game i played .
then you become a dentist and shoot a lion .
i wo n't reply to any users who have done so .
no people will opt to not pay pirate and still get the content .
i find that in life that unless you have a relentless drive for success it 's usually going to bite you in the end .
if only she were that stubborn about good health .
life is like a gun it 's all about where you point it before you shoot .
too often people are pointing it at their own foot .
she 's going to enjoy food because it 's what she 's got .
mirrored post from the tumblr blog ask lapis lazuli ''
this is an old post and if just one person sees this i hope it helps but there is a small problem that leads to a lot bigger issues its the fact that their are currently 2 definitions of racism . ''
racism 1 to judge and act on another based on race and nearly none on their actions .
this one is not so easily defined by words but more so examples of it being done or things that just happen '' due to nature/society .
examples of this is where you look at the science books of poor neighbor hoods and they are all from 1970. they cant even get ahead if they study because they have the wrong books .
their family cant afford a good school or good cloths or smaller things that make a difference overtime like nice teeth/ability to fix them to look presentable for a high paying professional job .
small things that set them back from the point that they are born and add up .
they almost never get out of this situation on their own .
this is what they miscall white privilege its actually more like rich privilege .
to note that poor whites can also suffer from racism 2 .
tl dr my theory of why people are so angry after having a friend explain what exactly white privilege '' is .
this white people cant suffer from racism '' is from having 2 definitions at play and not mixing well .
he was pretty meh when the revolution came around but he 's gotten leaps and bounds better recently .
his gift has always been charisma but now he 's moving towards technical skill as well and that 's awesome .
lol to be honest i bet modern fighters would have a hard time engaging one with their 4 cylinders and low speed .
not that they would n't take it down just that it 'd be kind of a pain .
me too was an on the house deal for a day or somethin a while back
you are getting downvoted a lot because of that though .
if for instance you told me that you watch a lot of cyclism and armstrong is the best cyclist i never watch cyclism i 'd expect you to back up your statement .
however the best singer should definitly be your opinion .
i hope you do n't feed me that overhand right that you keep locked cocked and ready to rock .
that 's because you 're a purdy boy with a purdy mouth .
i apparently do n't know enough about this kind of thing .
i used the molecule r kit for the molds sodium alginate and calcium lactate .
i used my own mojito recipe which uses sprite instead of club soda for a sweeter taste .
after making the spheres it loses it 's carbonation because you have to freeze the mixture .
i used a culinary whipper to give it back the fizz you want with a mojito .
i put the spheres in and used some co2 and let them sit for about 30 minutes and they came out packed with fizz .
edit i just noticed that the picture was taken before i put them in the whipper so it does not have the carbonation in the picture .
people seem to think that getting new stuff should be the reward for something .
i think he 's just happy that people are enjoying his videos .
there are n't too many nu52 books i 'd choose over marvel now books .
i do prefer a lot of the 80s/90s dc stories to marvel 's though .
the alarm thing was from the sips and sjin tekkit series .
rather than tying the js to the markup via overly complicated dom traversal you can simply add an id or class .
this is n't just much easier it also wo n't break whenever the markup is changed .
i lost 90 of mine in just one month in 2014 .
i do n't even look at ga anymore because it is virtually nonexistent going from around 15k per day to maybe 200 .
you have to sell him cause you do n't have anywhere near run to buy him down again unless you wan na go beg for tam from the other teams
i think it was poorly but i went from ivory to a swap for freeman and then i swapped him for forte and alshon and then i flipped alshon and russell for antonio brown and phil rivers .
i think it 's poor because i also have nuk and bell and i could have either had leveon/devonta/nuk every week
even though we 're content by the quality of its speaker it 's sadly lacking with its headphone jack which achieves a disappointing power output of 0.34 v .
it took me 60 min from start to finish give or take 10 min for random bullshitting i did while they prepared things for me to buy my recent vehicle .
