hello gentleman and ladies i 've actually had this beautiful piece for a few weeks now but wanted to show her off and also ask a question that someone more experienced in active pus than me may be able to answer .
first here https imgur.com/a/gt33l are a few pics of the beauty they do it little justice but is by far the best playing an looking guitar i have owned in a long time
but the main reason for this post is actually a question i have been pondering .
as with most iron label ibanez guitars this one has a kill switch .
if the kill switch is on '' no output but still plugged into an instrument cable will the 9v continue to drain ?
i assume the ks is wired simply between the hot output and the input jack but thought i would ask !
i run an instance of codebox https www.codebox.io but any editor with a visible terminal would work .
i run the following script in the terminal with an argument of the filename i am working on .
it 's fast with hdevtools and gives nice colors in terminal .
whenever something is saved entr http entrproject.org runs a check .
i now have at least 98000000 experience points in the invention skill .
hey there ive returned to runescape after ... .years .
ive decided to be a ranger this time around any advice on that ?
im kinda looking at using duel crossbows since thats not really anything ive seen in too many mmo 's as most archers are limited to bows only .
around 2003 give or take i watched a tv show i was in guangzhou at the time that was set during the late 40 's and it centered around a family .
it usually took place within the household that looked like a traditional hutong stone wall gate inner garden/courtyard .
ca n't find it and i 'd like to purchase the series .
i 've read through most of the series page almost all of the top stories as far back as you can go i 've read all the classics must reads and past features .
i 'm running out of things to read so does anyone have some stories/authors/series that they can think of that did n't get much attention but you found them interesting ?
i 'd love to be able to slide that giant center pane back for a massive sunroof .
was thinking of doing ll st for my next build .
but can not decide what class to choose bm or mana claw or dagger .
if anyone is playing ll st could you please post your passive tree and your gear ?
this is an automatic summary original http www.thefifthestate.com.au/innovation/engineering/transparent-wood-the-future-of-windows-and-solar-panels/81340 reduced by 52 .
swedish researchers have developed a transparent material made out of wood which they say could be used as windows facade elements and even in solar panels .
the quot optically transparent wood quot developed by stockholm 039 s royal institute of technology is suitable for mass production according to its creators who 039 ve detailed the discovery in the american chemical society journal biomacromolecules .
professor lars berglund from kth 039 s wallenberg wood science center said that while optically transparent wood had been developed on a microscopic level before this is the first time a method had been developed that allowed for the material to be produced on a large scale .
according to professor berglund the discovery means that windows and solar panels could in the future be made from wood which he described as one of the best and cheapest construction materials .
in the experiment the wood sample had a transmittance up to 85 per cent and also a haze of 71 per cent which the researchers said would be attractive for solar cell applications as light would be quot trapped in the solar cell for longer quot .
quot no one has previously considered the possibility of creating larger transparent structures for use as solar cells and in buildings quot professor berglund said .
summary source http smmry.com/http www.thefifthestate.com.au/innovation/engineering/transparent-wood-the-future-of-windows-and-solar-panels/81340 faq http www.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot version 1.6 40931 summaries so far . ''
theory http www.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31bfht/theory_autotldr_concept feedback http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 23autotldr pms and comment replies are read by the bot admin constructive feedback is welcome . ''
top five keywords wood 1 material 2 solar 3 transparent 4 cell 5
notice this thread is for discussing the submission topic only .
do not discuss the concept of the autotldr http www.reddit.com/user/autotldr bot here .
i recently bought gears of war from the windows app store to play on pc .
after downloading the game i realized it installed on the wrong hard drive .
is it possible to change the location in which the game is installed ?
most of mine have been fairly amicable and with time and distance i 've been able to stay on good terms with most of my exes .
a while ago i fell for a student in one of my graduate classes .
she had a boyfriend so i forgot about it and left it on the back burner .
that was up until she invited me over to her place for games and wine .
we always go to her place for games on fridays .
this time i show up and i 'm the only other person there .
halfway through the night i 'm becoming increasingly uncomfortable with this situation thinking if i had a gf and she was inviting over people like this i 'd be a little sketch so i bring it up just like that .
she gets real quiet until she reveals she has a crush on me and wants to date .
nothing else happens that night but she starts texting me regularly .
i go home for reading break and when i come back find out she 's split with her bf so we start dating officially .
she starts telling me that i make her very happy .
we had i felt a really intense chemistry and connection .
i think she felt that way too but she kept saying i made her nervous .
one evening we 're watching a movie and we start getting physically intimate though we never went all the way and i start saying we have to go slow things have moved very quickly for me and i mean heck she only just left her bf not long before .
she seems okay with it but the next day she is cold as ice like her interest in me just dropped off a cliff .
she asks for space i give it to her but she continues to text .
we go on a road trip with a friend terrible timing .
this is when things really start to fall apart .
we go to a few parties and she has a lot to drink and i 'm feeling very emotionally confused and socially drained so i start texting friends to escape '' for a bit .
she is not cool with this and lashes me out for texting several times asking who i 'm texting since it 's obvious you are n't hanging out with us '' .
later that night she kisses me on the cheek and in the early morning sends me a text saying she 's really worried i 'm mad at her .
we finally get home from the trip and i decide it 's time to call her and find out where the hell we stand .
she says she 's confused about her bf and says we can still hang out but not intimately .
i say that 's no good you need to figure out where you stand because i really like you and if that 's how it 's going to be then i am going to need space .
so i ask her to return the dvd that i lent her to class the following day which is when all hell breaks loose .
she lashes out like i never experienced saying i only lent her the book so i could get laid that my ego was too fragile to deal with her depression and that asking for the dvd was petty cruel and mean and that i did n't have to beat her over the head with the fact that i did n't want to be friends .
i told her i never meant for that to be interpreted that way that i just needed space but she is having none of it .
i 've had to break of all contact with her and separate myself from my friend group here so now i 'm on my own on the other side of the country .
i did n't want to do that but every time i saw her she would get incredibly passive aggressive .
i once left to go check my phone at a party in the other room for instance and she walked in a few minutes later saying oh you 're in here ?
well it 's not like i noticed your absence '' .
later she would put music on that she knew i loved and would comment so .
yesterday she made a comment saying that paladins are the worst '' on a fb status i made about dnd full well knowing that is something i identify with idealism .
i 've never been in a situation like this before .
my friends tell me to cut her out completely and that she might actually be mentally ill and abusive .
yet and though i know it is insane this is someone i did care about deeply .
it 's like a complete jekyll and mr. hyde situation and i feel i do n't know who she even is anymore .
and i do n't know how to reconcile these emotions .
i thought i 'd have this stuff figured out by now at 28 and having moved across the country to do my ma i feel lonelier than ever and like this has driven a wedge between me and my new friends since i am now avoiding her .
i 've dated four other women short-term and feel it has always end up fizzling out .
most of my friends are starting to settle down and i worry this string of breakups over 8 years or so is an indication there is something wrong with me .
i try to keep telling myself i just have n't found the one yet but find that is wearing thin
oh and i recently found out her bf dumped her after she tried to get back together .
is there a time when watching west wing where leo cries that you do n't also cry ?
when that man wells up i lose it too .
i was going to solo travel in malaysia before meeting up with a friend but they just cancelled on me .
i 'm a bit nervous traveling alone as a female but i also really want to experience more of se asia .
so now my plan is to visit malaysia around kuala lumpur only thailand and cambodia .
aside from kl i 'm think that i 'm going to be couch surfing and staying at hostels the entire time .
also i want my trip to last around 7 weeks .
i read through the stickied posts for female solo travelers .
mainly i want to check if this was feasible and i 'm not crazy for doing this .
i 've never couchsurfed or been to hostels before so this whole trip will definitely be an adventure .
also my plans are pretty flexible at the moment so if you 've been to any of these countries where was your favorite part and why ?
i love hiking and exploring but i 'm leery of going too far off the beaten path for safety reasons .
mainly i really want to travel to se asia because i love the food and want to learn more about the culture past and present .
does anyone else miss/think the removal of the amp damage on ahri 's charm was unnecessary ?
i mean i understand they wanted to make her a kite mage but let 's be honest who thinks that removal was complete bulls hit .
first i should say that my face does not look flaky when not wearing makeup .
second despite being fairly balanced without makeup on i 've never had a foundation not make me oily within a few hours .
becca ever-matte poreless priming perfector patted onto nose and forehead
blackbird cosmetics magic trick super powder in green dusted on cheeks
iope air cushion xp matte finish in m13 patted all over
make up for ever hd microfinish powder lightly dusted all over
urban decay all nighter long-lasting makeup setting spray sprayed all over
the becca primer is by far the very best primer i 've used in regards to preventing my t-zone from getting oily .
i 've tried so many different brands of foundation .
i 've applied using my fingers a brush and a beautyblender .
i even stumped a sephora associate who ended up sending me home saying that i just needed to exfoliate more .
i 've tried no primer only powder primer only becca primer no setting powder setting powder no setting spray setting spray .
edited because i forgot to bullet point my products !
hello i want to know if the level of the rare drops of bosses for example ozzacha 's netch-hunter 's bow are always the same or do they leveld when you do .
b/o 270 keys or easy to trade items at 87 sa price
i wrote a support ticket to riot about freezing in pick/ban phase but they were unable to help me and told me to just post it on the support forums .
i was hoping reddit could help me figure some way to fix the problem since riot was unable to help .
i thought the problem with pick/bans freezing could be my internet at first but i am still able to talk in the lobby chat .
basically what i see is the timer running down and eventually hit 0 when somebody else is picking/banning .
the client will hang there for a time period .
sometimes it fixes itself and pick/ban goes normally but sometimes i suddenly get 3 picks or bans all come in at the same time and my timer starts counting down from 30 only for me to get kicked from the game for not selecting a champion at 26 seconds .
there was 1 time where i got the message that everybody left the game room but i was still in the lobby with the timer hanging at 0 for the 2nd ban of the lobby .
now i 've tried to run a repair and reinstalling the game but neither of those helped .
unfortunately all of these dodges over the last few days have been a killer .
i dropped to 29 lp worked my way back up to 30 lp and just had it happen again after not having it happen at all yesterday .
this is something that has always blown my mind .
we spent huge sums of money build the skytrain .
we have a growing population and an obvious need to densify .
but yet we allow the blocks surrounding nanaimo and 29th stations to basically just be single family homes .
it 's really quite mind boggling especially when you look at the very opposite and much better !
approach once the train crosses into burnaby with very meaningful densification near every skytrain station .
so i hate everything that has to do with the priest class .
i then get so satisfied when i wreck these bastards .
which ways of knowing can be used to justify this ?
edit wow this blew up thanks for the front page everyone !
we all know yeldon is a tank but has anyone found a way to boost him over a 96 ?
i 'm starting work at an office for the first time in an actual office next week so i will need to pack me some lunch and snacks and stuff so i 'm looking for ideas .
so what do you take to work to eat ?
should i go for the used 4770k on amazon for 250 or the brand new i5 4690k for 220
i want to know if anyone knows the prices for pd/cd or pd/as melee and spears .
just opened up a new server on the map valhalla with the epic levels mod and a few others will implement more if needed/requested by players .
gathering resources taming goes fast unless you attempt to tame a level 500ish
we 're currently just a few friends playing on the server but hoping to see you online !
are n't really many rules to be set since it is a pvp server .
griefing destroying same base multiple times is not allowed let them rebuild .
let new players have a chance to build a base and get started instead of killing them for no reason .
open up this website https server.nitrado.net/usa/toplist/view/1385230 and the click on the connect steam button .
if that does n't work then either search for the server name that is the same as the thread 's name or add me on steam username mexx
we 've all seen movies of like roman legions facing off with whoever .
and the battles are basically like two armies charging at each other and then everyone splits off into pairs and fights one-on-one and that just does n't seem realistic .
i imagine combat today between say a crowd of rioters and riot police where they take turns charging at each other in a tight singular mass and then retreating backwards when it gets dicey .
but that 's a riot usually neither side particularly wants to kill anyone .
is it possible to take on dark anchors on solo pve ?
i tried it once got hammered so have avoided it since ... .
its days are flexible so i 'm trying to do a 2 day a week class in boston .
give me the most cost effective way to get from mendon/uxbridge area to forge park/495 in time for me to catch either the 6am or 7am to south station .
i recently moved here after finishing my mba to be with my wife who started working at the university of alberta .
in short i have a total of 5 years of working experience as a risk analyst for a credit union and a portfolio analyst at a private equity firm .
if there opportunities available and you 'd like to review my resume please pm me for my information .
glass blown open is known for having an outstanding player pack .
player pack at lake county trailblazer driven by innova disc golf includes heropack backpack choose from all 5 colors innova dryfit shirt innova hat mystere disc in champion plastic and mini .
also ken climo and gregg hosfeld will be hosting a hands on training clinic for 10 the thursday before the tournament .
tournament is b-tier am and b-tier pro on saturday may 14th and sunday may 15th .
this tournament is to support the lake county disc golf trail project .
florida disc golf foundation inc. lake county disc golf club and lake county florida government are working together on a plan to build 6-8 championship level disc golf courses in lake county in the next 2 years .
this tournament is proof-of-concept that disc golfers will come to lake county fl west and northwest of orlando to play in a quality disc golf tournament .
registration now open only first 200 amateur spots get innova heropack backpack as part of player 's package .
only about 30 amatuer spots left for free backpack .
i had n't spoken to her or him in a few years and she just kind of reached out because she thought i 'd want to know .
stayed at her place long story short she was divorced and living on her own .
i do n't think either of us thought anything of it at the time .
the first night after i went to see him in the hospital .
so i went back and she could see it in my face i just burst into tears then we started talking and reminiscing about when me and my friend were kids .
she asked if i wanted to sleep in her room and i said ok .
like when you 're a kid and you run in to your parents bed after a bad dream .
that 's what it felt like she was doing and that 's what i thought was going on too .
the closeness the emotion her still being very very good looking she was always very attractive but i never gave my friend the your mom 's hot '' shit i was in the best shape of my life at the time .
i think we were both kind of nervous about it .
it was almost like the first time i had sex .
in the sense of how much nervous desire was behind all the initiation .
like after a while of lying there we kind of realized we were both adults now i was n't the little kid coming to see if her son was available to play or anything .
we end up making love and fucking the rest of the night .
legitimately in the top three sexual experiences of my life .
we did end up having a lot more sex that weekend .
not what i came down for but it more or less turned into a kind of weekend sex marathon .
still went to the hospital to see my friend .
ended up leaving sunday night to be back for work monday .
a couple months later she gets in touch with me through facebook again to let me know that he passed away .
we end up having a lot of great sex again .
we kept this up for about a year afterwards i 'd go down for a weekend and we 'd fuck like crazy then i 'd go back to life then a couple months later we 'd go at it again .
a woman came in to work today and she reminded me of her .
so i thought of her and had to get this off my chest .
this sub is growing much faster than i thought it would in just over 1 day .
i would like to see people posting questions and asking for recipes and tips on cleaning and cooking game .
i really appreciated the earlier posts about deer and flounder cleaning by u/seabassassasin and u/jimmyandthebirds .
these posts are what i really like to see on this sub .
also as we grow if anyone is interested iin becoming a moderator please pm me and we can talk .
thanks again and enjoy all we have to offer here .
i thought i had a dead pixel on my monitor .
is it me or did dragging windows between monitors become broken ?
when i try to drag a window mouse can not cross screen boundary .
when i am trying to drag a window out of primary display '' screen i can only move it as far as the screen boundary .
but when i am trying to drag a window placed on some other screen not primary it instantly snaps itself to the closest edge of primary display screen no going back mind you because now your window is on primary display and the former case applies .
edit whatever that was it 's gone in 5.6.2 although i do not sincerely know what commit in the changelog fixed that .
so if you were experiencing this problem please update to 5.6.2
my phone may be reset soon and i do n't wan na lose my porn .
in september 2012 my 25 year old sister joleen was tragically diagnosed with acute lymphoblastic leukemia .
joleen was a newlywed at the time and had married her husband james just 10 months earlier .
the next 4 years have been a constant wave of crises and struggle as she has had to face a series of severe complications due to the harsh experimental chemotherapy treatment she was on .
joleen was left with osteoporosis at the age of 26 and had 6 spinal compression fractures due to her bones deteriorating from the steroids that were part of her treatment plan .
my sister 's road to recovery has been long .
she has had some success with a bone building drug called forteo but at the cost of debilitating bone pain while on it for 2 years .
it has been so hard to watch a couple set out on their life together only to get swept over time and time again with crises .
both joleen and james are burnt out physically and financially .
with the help of my family and friends i am raising support to help joleen and james get back on their feet and my hope is that i could share her story with you .
i have written her full story on go fund me.com called after cancer support for joleen '' and i invite you to consider reading sharing praying for her or donating whatever you can do to help as it would mean so much to our family .
i 'm looking to build a dog house for a puppy that will eventually grow to be a fair to large sized dog .
most likely between the size of a lab and german shepherd .
i plan on building a metal fence around it too .
can anybody lead me in the right direction of some blueprints for a good dog house ?
i was thinking about winging it and just coming up with everything from scratch but i figured there are probably some pretty great designs out there already .
so i 've been thinking about trying black desert recently and i 've made an account on the official site but it seems as though the only way i can download the game is by buying a package the person who recommended this game to me told me it was free to play so i was just wondering if that is the case and i can try before i buy anything extra ?
så jag går sista året på gymnasiet och söker nu till universitet .
jag har tänkt att läsa juridik och det är troligast att jag kommer in på örebro universitet .
i got married in january and that is the same time i got a new job and i made my w2 status as married '' with 0 withholding 's i think thats what it is .
it says i 'm not even paying federal taxes ? ?
season 6 has begun and i did n't really know whether the re-watch threads would go on or not but i had time and i figured i might as well continue doing this .
so this week we 're watching fall weather friends .
as always you can watch the episode here http kisscartoon.me/cartoon/my-little-pony-friendship-is-magic-season-01
ajlie and i totally always knew that twilight was going to win ''
bc is awesome and we 're really starting to get some great games on it .
however like others i seem to have hiccups while playing some games .
last night i was playing halo wars for the first time .
it was doing pretty good for the most part but then randomly it would just shit the bed .
i read a thread the other day suggesting moving games to your internal drive so i did that and i 'm gon na try again tonight .
i still wanted to ask if there are any other suggestions people have tried that worked ?
i 'm open to anything even trying different external drives .
i still have my xbox 360 so to me if it 's not performing nearly perfect on my xb1 then i wonder if i should just stick with the 360 .
but obviously i 'd rather use my xb1 so that 's why i 'm reaching out .
and to people who have had no problems in games like halo wars what 's your setup ?
i was enjoying life sitting on my lawn enjoying a fresh beer a sam adams of course my american flags waving off the multiple flag poles i own i stopped counting at 30 when all of a sudden the day turned for the worst .
my half-chink black looking neighbor decided he wanted to step unto my property and ask in that goddamn middle eastern sounding voice that he wanted to borrow some sugar !
off course like the pure blooded american i am i told him to scram cause i ai n't got no sugar but that dirty look he gave me as he walked away made me need to take action cause i ai n't letting no man with a commie looking stare like that live on my land so i waited till night to preform my plan .
when night came i flipped on my white hood constructed a sturdy cross from an american made oak tree in the back which a matter of fact i used my male strength to uproot that mighty oak but that 's a different story .
so i smashed that cross into that chinks yard lit the son of a gun ablaze then ran off to the safety of my home to enjoy another beer .
i later regretted my decision realizing that if he does n't move now i 'll have to continue burning crosses on his yard until he does so does anybody have any advice as to what i should do ?
normally it says in the game but i havent seen it anywhere .
i was browsing the other day and came across a lifequestion which asked is there such a thing as a selfless act ? ''
there was a lot of debate and both opinions of of course what defines selflessness itself from egotisticalness to the very word being an overused notion were presented in many different ways and were very interesting to say the least .
so i thought i 'd make this post and see the different opinions held here so we can all debate and see each others different viewpoints .
would it make sense if i were to say that there are no acts which do not benefit the self ?
as humans we should all know our personal values .
someone that follows a set of principles and internal code rather than societal norms or exceptions from others will automatically develop a sense of personal dignity and self empowerment rather than hypocrisy which is unfortunately the operating system most prevalent today .
therefore if we 're honest to ourselves and we behave in ways that reflect our '' self '' our personal values and what we 're truly about would n't that be us being true to ourselves and about as self '' full '' we can be ?
therefore theoretically if you act a certain way to let 's say your friend which corresponds with your true identity mayhaps being kind and helpful then you 're first acting for yourself and dogma and your friend second ?
i 've never been so scared in my life right now i 'm practically hyperventilating .
hopefully i do n't regret this like i did after i told my mom .
i 'm currently a junior cheme student at uni .
i 'm interested in r d particularly in pharmaceutical drug discovery/development with plans to go to grad school for a phd in cheme .
however i do n't currently have any strictly-research experience .
i want to build skills attractive to pharma companies but do n't know how to go about doing it .
there is a self-study course offered in the summer where you can choose whatever and your grade is based on a presentation given at the end of the course .
i figured most in this community here have been in the beginning stages of a career in research before so my question is how do i get started ?
an entire segment about melk today and hot wings does n't drop melk filled breasts once .
hey me and some friends started up a mnm campaign and i was just wondering if i could get some help in my character creation seeing as i 'm totally new to the game .
i was kinda wanting to do something similar to raven from teen titans or erza scarlet from fairy tail .
hey fellas i used to mine scrypt crypto 's with gpus but have n't for a year or so because of 0 returns .
my old win 7 install i felt was too messy wiped it .
i 'd appreciate it if someone could walk me through what is necessary to start mining ethereum via a pool with 2x r9 280x 's .
i 'm not a computer noob but i 'm really feeling like one now .
should i let windows update find drivers for the 280x 's ?
i was running ethminer.exe list-devices '' and getting nothing .
i ran gpuz and none of my gpus were computing opencl .
any recommended pools would be great being that i 'm not looking to download all of ethereum 's blockchain .
i used turbo tax to answer all their questions .
i worked part time and only made about 7,000 .
before i discovered r/personal_finance i claimed 2 allowances at my job which resulted in just 89 of federal taxes withheld for the year .
now when i go through and enter my 1098-t and student loan interest i 've started to pay it says i 'm getting back 1089 .
she 's rated as top tier for lab in the kr rankings and i noticed many more ppl have passed the level 100 lab barrier are they all using margaret and falcon in their setup ?
i 'm getting around to reading animal man finally and i 've heard about this issue but i had to stop and look up analyzations from multiple people and i picked up a majority of the themes on my own but there 's something i do n't understand completely .
was crafty 's cartoon world just his view of the animal kingdom or was it an actual other dimension type of deal ?
you never know with morrison and what exactly was the readers role as the god good for except putting crafty out of his misery and seemingly lying to him about keeping his world in peace ?
i am just looking to have fun does n't have to be swapping nude pics but it certainly can lead there .
just looking to tease and get off to you .
pm me why you want to talk and tease me and ill give you my snapchat
looking to buy a flip doppler p2 with lots of pink on ps .
please link to ss when sending an offer if you have one
i 'm an australian gamer who 's sick of political correctness .
i 've been following gamergate from the sidelines from the start .
i found the recent debacle of mainstream media defending a pedophilia apologist and lying about the causes of her dismissal omitting any mention of her activism etc .
like it or not the culture war is coming to all of us i 'd rather meet it head-on .
i recently started a let 's play channel which i hope ultimately use as a platform for realtalk videos about the nature of media gaming and mainstream control of speech and thought .
already i 've been shitlording a bit on twitter .
if anyone else has a channel i 'd like to offer to watch your content in preference to similar content and would be very happy if any of us could gain the exposure needed to offer an alternative to the likes of sarkeesian .
are you an active clasher without a guild or maybe just looking to move guild ?
come and join us for daily boss 3 mesa 4 gorge runs and loads of friendly members .
we have been doing extremely well in guild wars and very well in torch .
we have an active subreddit and some very experienced and helpful members willing to offer help to progress your game .
participate in guild wards and do n't haul torches early
donations welcome but not compulsory shards are better spent on progressing your heroes
check out our subreddit here https redd.it/42qt6d for more info
if you want to join a relaxed but highly active and successful group please message u/cc_raider or reply to this post .
i 'm looking at building an under 2000 aud pc .
this will be my first build and i was wondering if there were any improvements that could be made to it whether it just be warnings or suggestions all advice is appreciated .
i 'd be using the pc for mostly gaming and study purposes .
i was also assuming that it could play most intensive games on medium-high graphics .
pcpartpicker part list http au.pcpartpicker.com/p/kythvn price breakdown by merchant http au.pcpartpicker.com/p/kythvn/by_merchant
i also have the corsair 350d given to me by a friend and would like to use this if it has the space .
i am sharing this early in the day in case any other admins were looking for something last minute to use .
i wrote a skript last week with various pranks that i activated 12 hours ago https gist.github.com/roycurtis/f31b2dc3988f9a9412033bf793cb91c4
this skript is written for a survival server that at least uses multiverse .
i made sure only to do pranks that happened once per player with a 10 chance of them activating except the join one .
no pranks that put players at risk of harm death inventory loss or very obnoxious behavior .
these pranks cheat in one of various items and indulge in a little admin abuse but why not during one day of the year ?
on join gives a free airline ticket '' that can be given to an admin configurable under options
what i do with these is that i ask for the passenger 's destination god them and then use the skript 's ride passenger admin command to attach them to my head .
great fun and good excuse to do flight tours .
on home 10 chance of dumping the player to a configurable location instead of their home http vanderprot.gamealition.com/img/17d75.jpg
when mining ores 10 chance of causing fake explosions around the mined block .
when chopping trees and during bad weather 10 chance of fake lightning strike at player .
when starting to sprint 10 chance of tripping '' and getting fake damage .
what did everybody else do for april fools 2016 if it is not too early to share ?
is it just because of the laning harder heroes to lane against or the pace of the game ?
because recently when i played him i picked him against the less popular mid heroes ' ember and i could still get away with just farming safely for 20 minutes to get radiance+bots and go split pushing after that to accrue a large gold and exp advantage to just 5 man down a lane .
so i 'm guessing its the popular mid heroes picked today ?
invoker and od will shit on him is that it ?
describe yourself and if people can guess who you are they get reddit silver http i.imgur.com/sy9lvl4.jpg !
looking for either the studio box or badge mki in a grey medium/small
i have been running a small retail business transact btwn 10 20k permonth for quite some time now .
i used to have an account with maybank hated their service as they treat us like they are actually doing us a favour .
equally horrible felt i was banking with a ruthless ah long '' .
i am sure alot of business owners out there share the same feelings about alot of banks in malaysia .
however i am hopeful there is one or two out there which really understand businesses and are customer oriented .
i 'm an army officer and i just got a platoon not too long ago and i was wondering if i could get recommendations on good wods for tracking physical fitness .
i 'm not a huge fan of the apft and i want wods that are 1 easily implementable 2 difficult to break form and 3 incorporate multiple muscle groups .
it 's really important for me that the soldiers have to do a clean '' movement since there will be soldiers that do cheat-reps .
exercises i already have in mind are hand release burpees or strict pullups .
400m track very crowded no pullup or dip bars around
small plots of football-field sized land around base no pullup or dip bars around
need to note that the roads are very congested which makes long distance running a little difficult .
i do n't know what happend exactly but on round 51 .
when i ran past the dead knight with the void bow i got kinda bored and shot the knight a couple of time with the bow .
then some deep voice said why have you awoken me takeo ? ''
then some kind of spark appeared on the knight 's sword while the knights eyes '' glowed bright orange'ish .
i might take another game and see if there is more to it and record it .
i will be back if i notice anything else .
so we know he 's zoom and he 's used the v and the official explanation is he was simply '' at two places at once lazy stupid writing is what that is but with trajectory we saw the drug made her develop split-personality .
what if the same happened to jay when he took it and he did have a split personality disorder and they make it so he made it physical by the two-places thing .
it sounds kind of stupid but it 's the kind of stupid they 've been writing so far .
we did see zoom dropping the dead jay in his lair after all .
i 've noticed that when it comes to maj/minor relativity i came to believe i stumbled on modal relativity .
as some of you may know bjj does n't always have a strict curriculum taught in a particular order unlike many other mas .
this is because teaching is kind of cyclical you get taught an escape you practice a bit try it on someone in sparring and then six months later you get taught it again .
this time however you will pick up different points that you had n't absorbed or noticed previously .
you may even have learned some other tips on your own just from sparring .
or perhaps you have to go back to the drawing board completely and make it work another way .
for whatever reason our bjj class is one of those informal ones but lately we 've all been talking about skill progression the refinement cycle and how to evaluate bjj students when there are so many different areas to cover and people are joining and leaving constantly .
i 've talked in previous posts about belts and how they are fairly useless in describing skill level a common analogy i use is that of giving a high school student a single grade for their entire 13 years of schooling instead of giving them a grade for each subject area .
to this end we 've been looking for ways to differentiate .
stripes have come into vogue a bit recently although none of the clubs i 've attended has ever used them .
but again they 're just like mini belts they do n't tell you anything about the students ' strengths or weaknesses .
so one student suggested using a patch system like scouts use .
i mentioned i was a scout leader no really and explained a bit about how badges worked .
the coach was broadly receptive so we slung around a few areas that the system might cover .
just general skill categories that you would expect an experienced bjjer to know along with areas that you could specialise in .
anyway i 'll list a few of our ideas and please tell me what you think of them and perhaps the sub could come up with a few more .
of course this need n't be an exercise only for bjj stylists .
a similar system could be used for any ma so if you can think of some for your own ma then throw them into the mix as well .
egoless for those who have 'left their ego at the door ' .
shrimping expert someone who is very effective at moving their hips .
takedown defence that is someone who is particularly good at avoiding takedowns .
strong grip a bjjer who has a particular fearsome hand fighting game .
street ready someone who has used their bjj in scenario training eg in self defence style training .
theory expert one who understands the meta game ie hierarchy of positional pominance position before submission leverage framing baiting etc .
multiple attacker ready a bjjer who is skilled in escaping the bottom disengaging who has good environmental awareness etc .
traditional jujutsu experience a bjj student who was formerly trained in any of the japanese jujutsu styles
and while discussing these ideas we came up with some for other mas as many of our students have practised other styles
and multiple attacker theory expert and street ready could be used for other mas .
different weapons badges are another idea and perhaps a badge for experience in other styles .
in scouts there are language badges that have the phrase 'i speak language name ' written in that particular language .
you could have similar badges for each style like kung fu written in chinese tkd written in korean krav maga written in hebrew etc .
so please offer your own suggestions and perhaps we can all get something useful from this half baked idea .
i 've managed to mock up a few designs for the above badges http imgur.com/a/varx7 .
sorry i 've just done the basics using ms paint so do n't expect too much .
i made the mistake of farming hornet once or twice ... ...
i walked down the path of the park slowly taking in the cool evening air .
i often walked in the evening finding comfort in the labyrinthine like layout of the city .
i usually did n't go through the park it was quite bit a ways from my house but last week i ended up there .
i had gotten lost on some street or another and found the large iron gates to the park .
i did n't like the park that much there was something hostile about it .
first of all the large gate leading to the entrance was flanked by what i had though were iron cast lions but on closer inspection were in fact some strange creature i had never seen before .
the worst part was how perfect the inside was .
all the trees and bushes were impeccably groomed and the grass was always trimmed .
everything was green and in any other setting would have been inviting but seemed to be hiding something .
it reminded me of an old children 's book about an evil garden that would trap people inside of it .
it had been a long walk but i still had a lot of energy so i decided to go in .
i moved along the path feeling the distance from me to the gate get longer with each step .
soon i was in what i assumed was the middle of the park .
the path itself made a large circle and was surrounded by benches .
in the middle of the circle was a large fountain with a statue on top .
the statue had its hands out in a gesture that was supposed to be peaceful but to me looked like it was trying to grab me .
its face was contorted into a smirk and its horrible eyes hardly seemed like it could have been human .
i read the plaque on the fountain to try and get some clue of who it could have been but it was in a language i did n't recognize .
i was still trying to read it when i heard footsteps coming down the path .
i do n't know why but i felt the need to hide .
i crouched down behind a bush and watched as an old man came into the clearing .
he walked up to the fountain and looked at the statue for a moment .
he then pulled out a large coin from his pocket and removed his hat .
he held the coin up to his bald held and was still for a moment like he was saying a prayer .
he then opened his eyes and tossed the coin in .
he stayed for a moment and then left the way he had came in .
once he was gone i got out from behind the bush and walked up to the fountain .
i looked in and could see the large coin he had dropped in .
it was larger than any coin that i knew of and seemed to be a strange color .
i reached into the fountain and pulled it out .
it was heavy and coarse and seemed to be made of stone .
there was a face on the front that i did n't know and on the back was the same language as the plaque on the fountain .
i held the coin up to my head like the old man did .
suddenly i could see a shore on a lake .
on the dock was a women that i had never seen before but when i looked at her i felt like a warm day in sun .
and when she turned to me and smiled i felt like nothing could be more right then this moment .
and just as suddenly as these images appeared they were gone again .
i felt the feelings fade again but it still felt warm .
i tucked it into my pocket and made my way back home .
i could n't sleep that night i was thinking about that lake and that women .
the next evening i made my way back to the park and found that fountain again .
i waited about a half hour before i heard the old mans footsteps .
i hid again and he dropped coin into the fountain holding it to his head like last time .
i waited few minutes before walking to the fountain and plucking the coin from the water .
i held it to my head and i was back at the lake on the dock this time with the women .
she was standing now and she walked towards me with open arms .
i waited for the embrace but she was gone before we could meet .
i clutched the coin in my hand and started to walk out of the park .
everyday for the next week i walked to the park and watched the old man drop a coin in the fountain and then i would steal it .
everyday brought me a new moment of joy a moment with the strange women.i felt like she was mine that that lake was mine .
it was nine days later and i was in my hiding spot waiting for the old man .
he showed up at dusk at least an hour later than his usual time .
he was looked nervous as he approached the fountain he removed his hat and spoke .
we had a deal. it took me a moment to realize he was talking to the statue .
show yourself we need to talk. the statues head snapped to the old man and i had stop myself from gasping .
speak and be quick. the old man glared at the statue .
i woke this morning and found my entire garden withered and dead was this your doing ? the statue rolled its head it seemed to be thinking .
i have paid every day this week ! the head stopped and was looking to the right .
he will take back everything that you sought to hide from him. the old man shook his head .
please there must be some kind of mistake. the statue slowly moved its head back so he was looking at the old man again .
can i make another contract ? the statue started to laugh .
you were given one chance would i give you another ?
he is coming for you nothing can stop this. the head moved back to its original place and stopped moving .
the old man started to shout at the statue but it remained silent .
suddenly a terrible wind appeared shaking the trees and knocking the hat out of the old mans hands .
the old man turned in terror at the wind and fell to his knees .
i had to shut my eyes but i could hear the old man screaming but only for a moment before he was quickly silenced .
soon the wind died down and i opened my eyes .
the old man was gone and all that remained was his trilby .
i turned and ran from the park and did n't stop till i was home .
when i got there i found all the stone coins and brought them to the street .
i could n't feel their memory anymore it was replaced with a feeling of disgust .
at what i had done at what i thought was mine .
one by one i dropped the coins in the gutter
i just opened 8 2 capsules from event and tod and didnt get any set equip .
then i tried pulling 2 black capsules since the event has daso .
so my first pull i got no set equip all junks then i tried again then got a piece of pacifist .
then my last pull i got 2 piece from pacifist .
am i just unlucky or opening caps is just not worth it ?
btw i pulled it by 10 for 3 times .
leave a comment bellow if you want us to add you to the wwt message list so you do n't miss any wwt prediction thread
coverage live on sporza cyclinghub proximustv women 's race tweeting list https twitter.com/_pigeons_/lists/women-s-race-tweeting
previews cyclinghub with carlee taylor http cyclinghub.tv/post.php ? id=1454 cn http www.cyclingnews.com/races/womens-tour-of-flanders-2016 ella http cyclingtips.com/2016/04/preview-the-tour-of-flanders-the-pinnacle-of-the-classics-and-the-fifth-round-of-the-womens-worldtour
please submit your predictions using the format below with riders ' first and last name .
you can only pick 6 riders the size of a team .
the deadline will be when the race starts on april 3 at 11:07 local time cest .
the luminosity v virtus.pro game has been rescheduled to saturday 2nd morning according to hltv and has been confirmed by taco on twitter https twitter.com/lg_taco/status/715835074600677377
do the points for the players pickem fantasy team go towards the points for fridays matches or saturdays ?
so since release ive noticed some wild frame pacing in this game .
basiclly in the benchmark it shoots up and down by about an average of 50fps and as high as 100+fps a million times a second .
what ive seemingly traced this back to is a complete lack '' of optimization on the cpu side of this game .
my setup is a furyx an i5 4460 at 3.1 and 16gb of ddr3 ram .
now even on the barebones lowest of low settings it still happens if not even worse .
on high i average 62fps but only because my max fps is 110 and my minimum is 8. it shoots wildly between those two numbers for the whole bench .
on low it will shoot between 200 and 8fps .
i checked my cpu usage and through the whole benchmark its at 80-95 usage on all 4 cores .
now the really messed up part is that i get the same usage between both low and high settings .
so it seems that there was absolutely 0 optimization done for the cpu end of the game .
so now im wondering if even on the top tier cpus such as the 6700k if the wild frame pacing still occurs .
if so do io really think its acceptable to say hey if you dont have an absolute top tier cpu you simply cant play this game on any mixture of settings sorry '' btw this is the same between dx11 and dx12 .
so tl dr if you have a 6700k please run the benchmark on any mixture of settings and report back .
please take careful note of the fps counter specificlly how stable it is .
a game shouldnt be dropping or spiking my more than 10fps on average yet this game dips and spikes by as much as 100fps for me .
edit also if you have hardware monitoring software cpu usage would be really helpful as well .
i ca n't find it anywhere on the newest version of xsplit free version .
i wanted to stream my xsplit directly into my skype as a virtual camera so that i could do some really fun stuff instead of screen sharing..
edit solved had to restart xsplit and skype for skype to accept xsplit as a valid webcam option .
like a small toot appears whenever you upvote a post/comment .
there may be no limit but lily and james loved their daughter so much they were willing to risk the fate of humanity .
the couple had disagreed on this plan to their very end .
james did not want to see his daughter die nor did lily .
but lily thought their survival might have been more important than just their daughter 's .
the culmination of that plan was a robot named lucky that could love their daughter and see her to adulthood but lucky also had another purpose .
when lucky left their compound with their daughter they knew the odds of seeing either of them again were minuscule .
lucky also understood this but the baby girl would not even not know what they looked like if she survived .
in this task lucky was determined to succeed no matter the cost to her .
as the robots approach lucky finds a soft warm spot for the baby jenny and leaves her there .
packed along with jenny is a decoy a little machine that replicates a human baby .
the enemy robots are confused by this advancing machine carrying what they think is a baby human .
this group of robots is designed to go after children to wipe out generations and to destroy spirits .
lucky races toward them until they are too close .
lucky looks to a group of nearby hills and heads there for cover .
she hides behind rocks and trees clutching the decoy darting back and forth .
one monster looks and tears the hills apart in its quest for lucky .
she runs from the robot but it uses an electromagnet to pull her into its grasp .
lucky holds onto the decoy but lucky wonders what the killer robot thinks when lucky reaches into the decoy and pulls out something small .
lucky attaches the small patch of nanobots onto the machine .
they are small barely larger than the size of atoms .
the nanobots infect the killer robot and change its circuitry into a human loving robot like lucky that cares for all humans .
the robot drops lucky who pops up and races back to jenny .
the baby cries and lucky picks her up and holds her .
she feeds the baby and watches as the robot returns to its friends .
it does not take long for every enemy robot to be infected .
a robot army advances to lucky and jenny but they are no longer enemies .
the little girl has a robot army to raise her and these robots do raise her though jenny remains closest with lucky .
decades pass and no humans appear.jenny is the last human being .
as the little girl grows into an old woman they do everything to save her but their efforts fail .
the robots grew to love jenny and felt sadness when she passed .
forty years pass without a human being in existence .
in an effort to get her back they create more humans until they number in the thousands and then the millions and then billions and finally trillions .
humanity continues and over time becomes one with their robot brethren .
humanity grows from a level 0 civilization to a level 3 civilization conquering multiple universes .
and to think humanity may have become extinct if robot named lucky had not been lucky .
ive killed 40 twin furies and have gotten no seal drops .
is theon instead of helping sansa like we are lead to believe actually helping ramsey train sansa like theon was trained during season 3 ?
the facts if you think about it how did theons training begin he escaped with the help of ramsey .
theon 's character reek has already play theon greyjoy once already when helping ramsey take deepwood motte .
90 sale and is 500 rp ... who would buy it ?
the progression of the presumably british guy figuring out who the steelers are was awesome .
for anyone who wants a fun fact the steelers only have a logo on one side of their helmet because it 's actually the steelmark https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/steelmark and reversing it to put it on the other side of the helmet is a no no .
i combine the tendency to buy the team aura items with the terrible terrible need to push out lanes approximately 5 seconds before a team fight .
so i 'm in a lane on the other side of the map while my team is fighting .
the w/l of when the captain was the captain in previous games .
if you could let him know you came from here as well we 'd appreciate it .
i probably should n't have included that given the location .
on your first point though was n't stalin rather well informed about the manhattan project thanks to spies in it ?
while i doubt he would have gotten the exact operational timeline iirc he supposedly knew the details of the project before truman did and had been informed of the success of the trinity test .
when telomeres reach critical limit in cells the 'hayflick limit ' the cells simply enter senescence or stop dividing .
this contributes to ageing but is not the sole cause of 'dying from old age ' .
i never go through the metro type app list ... i always went through the traditional way which it was not listed
so you support settlements but complain when palestinians lash out at israelis .
honestly the biggest grievances for palestinians is the fact that they 've been pushed out of their lands by settlers in the west bank for the last 60 years .
if you just look at a map the settlements have been pushing further and further in the west bank but idiots like you insist that israel is total innocent in this .
i can assure you this is one of the biggest problems .
the bds campaign is legitimate when you are slowly annexing land .
unfortunately your account does not have enough karma to submit things to r/videos at this time .
r/videos requires users to have a minimum of 10 link and 10 comment karma .
we suggest that you comment in some popular threads and make submissions to other subreddits to build up your karma and then come back .
we are sorry for any inconvenience caused and look forward to your submissions in the future .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/videos if you have any questions or concerns .
our dog would put paws on couch for attention when we were on it .
it took a big costco bed and lots of redirecting and rewarding with treats to condition her to chill on the cushion '' .
i added topic flair to your post but you may update the topic if needed click here for help r/personalfinance/wiki/flair .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/personalfinance if you have any questions or concerns .
die waren europäische bürger mussten sich also nicht als flüchtlinge tarnen .
ich bin auch schon auf der flüchtlingsroute '' gereist dieser titel sagt erst mal gar nichts .
da die legal einreisen und in belgien leben konnten ist die verquickung mit irgendwas mit flüchtlingen übelste unsachliche stimmungsmache für leute die überschriften lesen und sich drüber aufregen .
i usually go out to the bar on thursday night and catch smackdown on hulu on friday .
tonight i stayed home to watch the mania go home episode as i 'll watch nxt tomorrow night instead of smackdown on hulu .
m8 ima pour out a tinnie for this goat fukkkkkn spewwwwin devo m8
additionally use the daily threads for any questions you have the schedule can be found in the sidebar .
if you feel you need permission to post but do n't meet the prerequisites yet please message the moderators .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/yugioh if you have any questions or concerns .
shotguns are awful give me a carbine any day .
trying to auraxium the brawler right now it is just awful .
do you watch basketball to be entertained or to see gentlemanly competition ?
this shit is as dumb as when people were mad about bautista 's bat flip .
shit i thought food was supposed to bring jews and arabs together
there should be an entire subreddit devoted to people getting trashcans thrown at them ...
we kind of have inside access to do stuff like this and access to the band .
they generally do n't care if people tape or not but this summer may change things .
it also assumes that the tapers would have access to any potential system interfacing necessary to multitrack from any of a multitude of foh consoles they would play through .
we have other vulf shows and videos but this one is the best of them .
cancelling due to people giving skype accounts that are n't theirs not cool bro
in 'anal inquisition 2 ' charlotte sartre funnels egg yolk in her ass shits it out cooks it and eats it .
actually we do regulate the speech of the middle and lower classes in terms of access .
it 's a regulation of circumstance as opposed to law .
when was the last time a homeless man stood at a podium and addressed the nation ?
alright now think of the last time a wealthy person addressed the nation .
this is simply expanding that form of censorship of the individual because very very few people are going to have the funding to measure their 'speech ' against that of a corporation .
i tried finding it and instead found a bunch of youtube clips from the movie .
league settings look to be standard h2h with five pitching batting categories .
i plan on being active throughout so having solid relief pitching is better for the p slots sounds like .
because i was curious as to what the other episodes were about and i work in a tolerant and accepting work environment ?
the queen herself is considering another parachute landing this time in brussels to show support and solidarity with the european project .
well you should n't support people who offer on price checks
me too except i think it was only a few games .
putting face powder on your armpits seems very unsanitary ...
these look really nice i too wish i had the funds ... .
yeah learned from a friend when i was rocking a huge otterbox at the time .
under the proposal offences such as speeding ... and intentional loss of traction will all see cyclists face the same penalties as licensed drivers ...
i wish i could speed on my pushbike or smoke the tyre .
the weapon might have been destroyed but it still holds knowledge of the ancient sith .
it 's a question of whether maul or that holocron are a bigger threat to palpatine .
if maul takes ezra and they become a rival master/apprentice pair then its a threat to his power .
if ezra learns from the ancient holocron he 's got knowledge that palpatine might not have .
1 year if you can find something else do it .
i do n't know exactly what it is about tim horton but it is incredibly depressing working there .
it 's a pretty ride though so you 're off the hook !
one question how did you get it this dark ?
did you just wait until night or is there a trick i did n't know about ...
do n't you need a chem1 and a chem2 to get into organic chem ?
i ask because i need to take all of the above .
send me a check for 1000 and i 'll prove it .
well how many times you gave crafted reclaimed metal ever
hahah my freshman year there were maybe 80 of us out of a 3000 hs .
he 's the only one there that knows of alie 1.0 that knowledge alone makes him important .
i think this might buy him respect in polis .
zucc was held so the refs called a penalty but the whistle does n't blow until the canes touch the puck so lundqvist can come out of net and allow an extra skater to come on for the rangers 6 on 5 .
yea my early gen chem and ochem textbooks were like 200 each and both on like their 10th editions .
the gen chem one also changed editions before the next year so anyone who wanted to sell theirs back was pretty much shit outta luck .
my pchem book was only about 50 or so and was the 2nd edition since something like the 70s .
smaller market so the publishers havent turned it into a racket i guess
i 'm not advocating we look for other religions to do what they do .
i do n't care if they are a different religion .
if they do n't have the skills they ca n't come here .
islam is full of problems we do n't need .
the idea that christianity judaism or any other major religion is just as dangerous as islam is a false equivalency .
full blown islam is simply not compatible with western culture .
the reason why christians and jews are not feared is because western culture was founded in those faiths .
no you still have not proven they are not violent and beneficial to our country .
i 'm not an immigration expert but i am confident there are people out there who will be able to make the plan work .
simple background checks and profiling of people coming from islamic countries are an obvious start .
if they have no papers or the papers declare islamic faith they will because they would n't fare too well in those countries if it did n't they ca n't come in .
we have very very little if anything to gain and a lot to lose .
why not just say sleeveless top and short skirt '' ?
they would have just looked at the data and never said a peep .
the whole thing blew up in the fbi 's face and they gained nothing from it .
considering he commented on the legends i guess he did n't notice my 93 staal 93 wheeler and 94 kuznetsov .
she was n't technically wrong she did nothing in the battle .
i guess at the least novak would have less time to react to nick than he does against most people ?
i use their clear coats and primer a lot .
he is n't in violation of his pledge if he believed it when he completed the s. carolina application .
you really gon na die on the cross for jay z over tidal ?
even the best business men in the history of society have made deals that were massive flops .
in fact hes got much more room for these failed ventures him becoming an agent lol ?
make a couple good decisions early and youve got the cusion for making bad decisions the rest of your life .
and u sourced business insider dude thats like the fucking huffpo
fufilled my rape and masochist fetish at the same time .
it 's april first in some parts of the world in the us in just a couple of hours .
thus this is some sort of april fools joke the purpose of which has not yet been revealed .
recomendo a criação do r/imperiodobrasil que diferente do república~~/r/brasil é livre para postar sobre política até mesmo postar charges da imperador presidenta .
am i going to be alright as a regular player '' that does n't min-max every last stat ?
i try to allocate sensibly so i 'm not completely clueless to the ie mechanics .
i love a good challenging fight but i 'm concerned about how often potd transgresses into unfair '' territory .
i 'd say go potd it 's not a huge leap .
if you 're playing a second time you 'll have an easier time with things as you already know the fights and tactics and where to find gear and stuff .
like hard it gets pretty easy as you get in the higher levels .
as a rogue am i going to be able to effectively steal from merchants and towns in general once my stealth gets high enough or am i always going to be instantly detected if any npc is anywhere close by ?
stealing just depends on stealth skill any class can do it .
i believe you need to start a certain distance away from them but higher stealth gives you more time to move in .
lastly is playing a rogue in combat effective at all ?
i would n't put them in the strongest classes '' list but they work as a single target dps .
from your comment i take it you want to go melee .
survivability should be okay as long as your tanks get the mob 's attention first then you flank it or you cc the mob somehow .
the cc approach is recommended so they ca n't attack you plus it lowers their defenses meaning you 'll be critting a lot .
and you know when coverage is poor you can just send a text which is how everyone communicates now anyway .
your submission has been automatically removed because the title does not follow the posting format for trading amazon .
if offering amazon gift cards you must state it in your title as amazon gc s '' amazon gift card s '' or amazon code s '' .
trying to circumvent the bot using amazon gc balance '' in the title is a bannable offence .
instead message the mods http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fgiftcardexchange if you are having trouble with the bot .
if you are requesting amazon please do not include anything between h and amazon not even the dollar amount .
the bot currently does not support it eg w xx amazon '' or w paypal or amazon '' etc wo n't work and will be removed .
if you have amazon canada uk india etc write it as h amazon gc can/uk/in or w amazon can/uk or else it may be removed .
if you are offering amazon balance or the kindle trick make sure to read the rules and requirements of getting mod approval as explained in the faq linked here .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/giftcardexchange if you have any questions or concerns .
i was hoping combat would be like 3 shots to the torso and your dead .
and if you develop these apps with xamarin are you still considered a mobile developer ?
you would n't qualify for the exact same jobs but neither does an expert android programmer qualify for the exact same jobs as an expert ios programmer .
does n't that only do heart rate not blood pressure ?
get mired all day but it 's kinda a curse because i have a gf
you 'll just have to deal with it sometimes the world ca n't revolve around you .
could barely hold my bowels when i pulled this card when i was like 11 .
sounds like you 're ready to take a class at your local college or university .
a lot of people seem really disappointed with the ending but honestly i was really happy that frank turned out to be william in the end .
here in nz there 's a skype service so my sister can sign to the interpreter who passes it on to the person on the phone .
interpreting for a deaf person is quick because you can sign while the person is still speaking and speak while the other is still signing .
i love dying as the support sacrifice to the enemy team so my team can escape and getting ping spammed with caution and missing pings .
like i know they 're their stop spamming me .
they are not removing lenin statues which were removed decades ago .
right now the party in power is trying to play on the whole patriotism '' thing by showing how they are tough against russia that 's all .
pretty much what putin does ironically except he is posturing against usa and nato .
the sad thing is they are mostly removing monuments to dead soldiers who had nothing to do with communism and gave their lives to free poland .
and before anyone says b-b-b-but poland would rather be ruled by nazis ! ''
hitler planned to exterminate 80 of the polish people in the year after the war and send the remaining 20 to settle siberia or slave away in the labor camps .
bungie announced the april 12 date over a week ago .
massive ubi have had plenty of time to change it but i suspect they 're confident enough in their product that they think they can compete directly with them .
i play both extensively if there 's a 3 hour maintenance window before the patch in the division i 'll sneak 3 hours into destiny first .
says alot about how confident massive ubi are in the game .
i understand giving someone three dates to assess chemistry .
if nothing is there after 8 dates or more ... .the attraction probably wo n't grow or evolve .
umm ... everyone is mad at the friend here when the real issue is that her guy is a creep ?
she 's lashing out because she 's hurt by his behavior and blaming you because it 's hard to accept that her chosen life partner is a pervert .
you can try explaining that to her and she can choose to believe you or not .
i just hope she dumps this guy 's ass ... .
i have heard a lot about it but not sure how it works .
well there 's the tricky thing of picking which of these losers i hate the most .
cruz gonzalez v. raich was incorrectly decided and the states have power over which drugs are legal .
trump i have no idea mainly because i have no idea what he actually stands for .
i disagree with just about every solid plan he 's proposed but i guess i can agree with vague values like make america great again '' .
imagine someone with no political experience having crappy policy ideas .
ca n't remember for sure but i think it might be from s fma b ? ''
it shows that normal is meant for noobies to fe or the genre .
it angers me that a lot of the sins pointed out in this video are n't nearly as sinful in the book
if you use paypal ship now it should n't cost more than 5usd for shipping unless the choco bar palette weighs more than 8oz i think .
that has a lot more to do with economic conditions and urban relocation .
the same could be said of places like the nigerian country side a country who 's population is exploding mind you .
the media pinpoints one variable that makes for sensationalized coverage and explains that as the sole cause of a phenomena that is in fact a result of many combinations of variables .
this goes not just for population decline but also anything from environmental changes terrorism .
i 'm no expert but if the whale is floating does n't that mean it 's freshly dead ?
and does it mean that i 'm fucked up when i thought i 'd do the same if i was bored on a ship for a month and just found an interesting new platform
not quite it 's not an issue of representation .
they can weight responses to adjust for sampling biases .
the problem is one of resolution or statistical power .
people want to ask questions like how does support for x vary by race '' but if group y is only 10 of the population once you filter out only that group for a crosstab the sample size is too small to give precise answers .
in a sample of 1000 americans you would only have 100 of group y which is too small to meaningfully subdivide further .
so what you do is intentionally sample the small groups at say 2x the normal rate .
in reporting the overall numbers you weight each group y respondent at only half .
but then when you want to zoom in on group y you have more pixels in that area so to speak .
srs i rolled my eyes so hard they literally fell out of my head .
srs i 'm going to make boyfie turn my paesche palette into a custom eye patch with 3d printing .
given this info it appears you have the income to support a home purchase .
7k/year tax on a 140k house seems very high .
a homestead exemption will lower taxes in any case .
they have light skin and i think the ioni '' throws people off people thought andres nocioni was italian too .
april fools joke or not they are a hot ass couple .
perry kendall used to be pretty smart but he has lost his goddamn mind .
my suggestion in this case is to calmly explain what your plan to win was and how the other player has ruined it while gathering up your board and shuffling up for the next game . ''
so you 're allowed to blow up all lands to prevent people from stopping your win cons but if someone stops you from winning off your mld spell it 's wrong they 're a jerk and they ruined '' it ?
you 're not entitled to your wincon just because you cast a mld spell .
there 's nothing wrong with doing anything by yourself unless it 's specifically a couples-oriented event .
i think you 'll get less electrical experience but more diversity .
i ca n't speak for private sector patent work but from what i 've researched government patent work will take anyone with a technical degree .
8 years as the independent mayor of a town in vermont followed by 36 years as an independent in congress does n't guarantee you 're part of the good ole boys network .
pro-clinton articles are constantly harping on the fact that he has no friends in congress or so they assert .
you can be an outsider your entire life depending on circumstances .
i know of a town in iowa where native '' townsfolk consider 3rd generation townsfolk to be outsiders .
koreans have lived in japan for 3 or 4 generations and are still considered outsiders .
the sad part is it sounds like you have 0 way to get out of the situation and that youll be blamed for everything when it goes wrong of course a truthful explanation will be '' making excuses '' reflecting poorly on you .
i am slowly working on my own compound designs for a cyvasse game set .
this would be a light/heavy horse and doubles as a knight in chess .
this was my second compound piece and i was pretty pleased with it .
i have to say the spiral blade made it easier for the complex side .
drafting and computer work do n't have to be physical jobs .
asking your pediatrician for the ethically-derived vaccines is the best you can do as far as i know .
unfortunately they are not very readily available in most places .
i 'm sure you know from your reading but if you can not get the alternative versions it is n't sinful to accept the conventional vaccines .
orderxx32xx here no email yet except one from oculus support saying they ca n't track individual orders but they know mine was from the first day .
and through a deus ex machina they get a happy ending .
15 a ticket my missus and i would both go .
this a slap to the face for people who are loyal to the game .
ai n't sab a treat to those who are loyal to the game .
i consumed '' this when i was online when this content was released why should those who were not present when this content was released get a taste of this special treat when it was released in a short time period ? ? ?
there 's a reason why it 's called a 'special treat ' duh !
is this how you treat your loyal customers aka leeches of content with 0 zero dollars spent on gems only bought the game ?
fuck you arenanet for using your resources properly and not wasting your hard worked content .
do n't you fucking dare repurpose dragon bash queen 's jubilee and living story season 1 .
be afraid if you repurpose trashed content i will stop consuming '' your game .
that 's like trying to sell a perfectly working very slightly used car .
we are customers with premium privileges not 'premium customers ' because that 's a term for players who actually paid something other than the base game is this how you treat your customers with premium privileges give them recycled content ?
that 's like giving us customers with premium privileges a microwaved filet mignon when we demanded fresh filet mignon .
come on minnesota hoping to watch a good season as my first following the league !
i find it genuinely interesting that zinn 's textbook was embraced when the u.s. was more conservative and now largely repudiated in the age of white privilege safe spaces and microaggressions .
i 'm super late to this party but i have a suggestion for you .
next time you think you are cycling check out the day 's winning lottery numbers and memorize them .
this would be a harmless and potentially profitable way to see if this is more than just a weird dream .
people camping out for mobile phones cars and deals on flat screens .
makes me wonder what would happen if you replaced those with necessities in a scarcity situation .
i want to believe they 're investgating one of your sub 's threats to kill people .
i think having a plan b is wildly important though .
i do n't know if this is a suitable plan b or not .
i ca n't trust my judgment on suitability and card analysis .
i think this might be one of r d 's tests to see if we 're paying attention or not
it 's like they 're trying to invoke the negativity found among bernie 's supporters and turn it on him .
problem is everyone can see it 's not applicable to sanders himself .
the main class is trying to do too much at once .
when the babies crying and no one gives a shit .
i 'm guessing that would have to be established in the movie .
hhh may want balor with the belt on raw .
i mean the fact that people pre ordered before every looking at the car is kind of crazy but when you realize there is like 7k on the line it all make sense .
a lot of people here are in love with the brand/fact that is electric rather than the car itself.. and does stats have been shown so that 's where the hype is coming from .
ich nehme an du studierst bei der bundeswehr der klassische offizier ohne studium ist ja mittlerweile ziemlich selten soweit ich weiß .
oh no i fully understand the problems with oculus itself making bad calls .
what i 'm saying is that the community would be much warmer to palmer over this kinda thing if it was n't for the whole facebook thing .
i know i personally went to bat for him several times during the dk1 debacle where we all literally waited a year for our kits .
i had patience and understanding and it was all because of how i felt about palmer personally .
he 'd have to do some serious hail mary shit in order to win me back into a position other than negotiable customer intent on purchasing hardware from arbitrary manufacturer . ''
i 'm no longer rooting for him and i think a lot of people feel similar feelings about it .
maybe not as drawn out but a lot of people got a bad taste in their mouth regarding this acquisition .
it was on the front page of reddit for days .
one guy got his dk1 and smashed it like an idiot with a hammer over the facebook news .
so if palmer wonders where all that kindness and support went well.. there ya go .
nvidia 's next batch of gpus is code named pascal with amds lineup going by polaris .
both are supposed to be releasing within the next few months and may bring a significant jump in performance we 'll see how it turns out
pissed my bed a few times because of this .
now even when i 'm awake and i 'm taking an especially good piss i have this moment where i have to check if i 'm actually awake .
i 'm not sure why you 're getting down voted .
it looks like r-on-t was the cause of the vfib in this case .
i do n't want to know which kind of dictatorship you are living that have no consumer rights and they made you think that it is right .
in well developed countries and some of countries in development you have some sort of consumer rights .
thegreatsoup could ask his money back for the product no working and depending on how he was treated by ubisoft representatives legal actions may take place .
i do n't think he is planing on that because his comment seems to be from someone really wishing to play this game i hope he gets his game work and not a continuous headache .
creeps are like cannon fodder you take one down 10 others rush into place
do n't worry he has a twin brother to step into his place
that 's stevenuniverseball the first ball related to popular children 's television .
yet the worst places on the planet to live as a member of the lgbtq community are mostly islamic countries .
also check out the stats on what muslims living in the west think of gay rights gay marriage and gays in general .
you know the more i lurk this sub the more i notice some higher belts in here act like elitist pricks .
you people like to treat people according to their rank if they are white belts then you treat them like they 're children and their opinion does n't matter .
is it safe to read things on the internet again ?
or do we need to wait for the americans to finish with their shenanigans ?
i do n't see anyone good using anything other than the kuda vsp or kn-44
wordpress ecosystem has definitely changed but i think you are missing a trick here .
the amount of wordpress services i have seen launched recently that have seen rapid growth is crazy .
a few years ago most decent sized companies would never consider wordpress but now it is being adopted more and more .
there are many teams working with modern development workflows on wordpress .
it seems to me getting a job on a wordpress related project would be a good way to get into working in a team .
the thing is sony can but you ca n't .
kittycat cabbage chowdown channel nothing but cats and cabbage 25/7 .
unless a creature says something that makes it get bigger each creature is independent and does n't increase your other creatures ' power and toughness .
for example battleground geist http gatherer.wizards.com/pages/card/details.aspx ? multiverseid=237355 will give your other spirits additional power .
all cards that make creature tokens will say the power and toughness of the tokens they make .
can you give us the name of the card so we can see ?
at one point mine was listed on tinder as a joke .
i wrote like i 'm only 5'3 so swipe me left if you 're looking for tall ladies . ''
i think it was welcoming enough to short to average height guys .
i do n't really like dating tall dudes because things get awkward with big height differences
i 'm sure it 's gon na be a useful gif on many occasions throughout the race to come
you betcha ... do n't appoligize for my violence ...
there 's no words that justify your love for a baffoon ... . no sorry !
how can so many educated people believe so blindly and act so self righteously and angrily in the name of a principled '' morals-based campaign ?
i run one and because of my personal life i 've neglected tags and all as of late .
its the34stash.tumblr.com if you want to give it a look .
hung dude going to town with whatever hole is closest .
anyway throat fucking a gurl really hard other girl pushing her face in .
girl backs her face off and spits on his chode for the familiar spit lube .
the camera pans away to the girl who was behind her looking horrisgusted .
she notices the camera and starts laughing it off .
with her dad brutally murdered in front of her i 'd say she wo n't be as lighthearted anymore
still i agree to 100 that they must go since they just ca n't seem to attract star free agents to the team .
akali likes killing men and having sex with their dead bodies
i love my bf of over a year dearly and enjoy buying him gifts more than i do for myself .
i do so partly to let him know that i 'm thinking about him and to let him know how special he is to me .
he appears to have no issue accepting these gifts and seems to appreciate them as much at i do giving them .
however in over the year we have been together i have only received one card from him .
i do n't want anything expensive or elaborate but i think i 'm now hurt by the lack of thought or effort .
honestly a hand written note i would be ecstatic with !
we are both very serious about our future together and he 's great in every other way so i do n't want to feel like i 'm being petty .
then part of me wonders if i 'm being a fool and should back off on the gift giving .
i wish i could say he was cheap but he has no problem tipping his stylist or servers very well when we 're out .
he obviously sees their worth why does he not see mine ?
if smug face does n't remain the spoiler tag there will be blood .
expert sniper sounds like a great feat for my current build but i ca n't find it on the ocg .
acho que você poderia falar com alunos de ambas universidades pra saber a opinião deles .
tenho duas amigas da fau e elas têm algumas críticas sobre lá já até comentaram/desabafaram comigo sobre isso .
minha sugestão seria entrar no grupo do facebook de ambos e pedir opiniões lá .
this is a mighty fine willow tree if i do say so myself .
wanting a relationship does n't mean you want the first guy who goes '' how you doin ' ?
just like wanting a hookup does n't mean you 'll sleep with the first person to smile at you .
the people they rejected did n't meet that standard whatever it was physical attraction wants kids does n't want kids is/is not religious ... etc .
side note i think ignoring messages is incredibly rude when they 're real personalized messages .
i wish people would just say a 'thanks but no thanks ' back .
i have a hack run in 's '' playlist on my youtube channel .
i 'll be adding a patreon page wednesday before the next episode is uploaded .
if there 's anything there you find helpful/useful would appreciate the support !
it will be put towards launching the other projects all of which will have much higher expenses than this one !
to other users posting on this thread and not to the submitter of this particular thread offering on price check and question threads is not allowed .
failure to abide by this rule may result in a temporary or permanent ban .
sharking is not tolerated here and any attempt made will result in a permanent ban .
please refer to our subreddit 's rules as well if you have any doubts .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/globaloffensivetrade if you have any questions or concerns .
that 's better than us hip hop artists who think they 're goats with styles that could n't compare with rakim in the 80s .
he took his other hand on left click and spammed while dragging down his mouse
thank you for sharing please leave a comment here my reference https www.reddit.com/r/pokemonexchangeref/comments/4ak3vu/ulink_02400_exchange_reference
worst customer service and horribly slow waited 35 mins for a fucking displayport cable and a 240gb ssd .
imo the best are ple scorptec centrecom and pccg .
msy is the cheapest but the service isnt really top notch .
the teeth did n't cause me pain or anything like that and my teeth align pretty okay just like others .
yeah i try to stay away form drama as much as possible and never throw fits like a toddler when called out on my shit .
if anything it makes me feel like the most terrible human being and i just want to apologize profusely and hide forever .
i 'm from napa and we had a 6.0 couples years back at three in the morning .
dont even remember getting up but when i finally opened my eyes i was standing in the hallway as the earthquake ended .
dont know how but my body beat me to it .
it 's hard to find a marathon mode with a sweet spot .
this one the enemies scale way too slow and on a different one they scale to quickly .
so um where about did you used to live ?
from what i gather he explained how they dealt with grenades thrown like in the gif and it seems like he ducked at throwing grenades .
17 years later your team still has n't won a test match against any good team .
entry s1mple na vs na simple is a strong entry
sniper device believe he 'll pull through vs fnc tomorrow
without pixies there would be no nirvana and thus no foo fighters and that would make reddit sad .
i do n't need a gpu but i may buy that for the pc i built my mom awhile ago .
that way when her grandkids are over they can get that 60fps on the 19 '' 1366x768 monitor she still has while playing sims or whatever kids play .
yes most likely it 'll drop may 19th or something close to that for pc and xbox one
i do n't know if this is n't recent enough but gomorrah .
one idea is that you can only experience disappointment if you have expectations to begin with .
not assigning expectations of a given outcome to a given event is a big part of taoism .
to a degree it 's something we ca n't help but do .
if you drop an apple you will automatically expect it to fall because that pattern is so fortified in your mind .
but when you put your name in for something as you put it do n't expect success just put your name in and move on with life .
do whatever is next for you and forget about that previous event unless of course you need to remember it for whatever reason .
just paid way too much for a leg anthony davis from the ah .
i believe you i thought you were person a in the first place because you expanded much more on how person a felt about things things that person b would n't have known about and frankly given your post person b did n't seem to care about which is shitty of person b .
i 'm sorry this was done to you by your friend you did n't deserve that .
i 'm on alien blue and i keep getting a picture of dickbutt ?
if only he had a steadier hand this could have looped seamlessly
bush getting pelted with a shoe https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=om3z_kskl_u .
it 's a classic and regardless of your political views this is just frickin ' hilarious .
aang and korra avatar state themes mashup https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=qkqqz8u9h7s .
please disregard all your preconceived notions of what a mashup '' is .
this is not your squeaky glee-verison of a mashup .
20 minutes of uneditted gameplay where a new yorker gets really pissed at mario .
ksi plays a racist computer program https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=rxme1mgaxzu .
black guy interacts with a white '' interactive program .
potter puppet pals wizard swears https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=tqthmzmk0cw .
some guy 's cover of the universal theme song https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=dowbvyyzazq .
let me tell you i 've pissed my pants three times in my post-diaper lifetime .
one and a half times it was because of this video .
i know that tumblr meme 'd the shit out of this one but it 's worth watching for the cringe-worthy acting .
as a pianist and high schooler this just makes me really happy .
the smile on the pianist 's face is worth it all .
compilation of vines where the narrator arthur is not happy with the traffic .
again my bias as a high school music student is shining through .
this freestyle was done in one-take and if that 's not beautiful i do n't know what is .
putin i am gay gay https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=ecc2_gz_moq .
saw nothing changed but a fuck ton of night time activity .
i was on the fence about voting for trump but thanks to his fan club in this incident basically acting like dishonest shit heads and the trump campaign changing their position every 10 minutes i am no longer on the fence .
the social trumpist warriors are just as bad as sjws .
sorry fields may be a drama queen but she is actually right in this case .
lewandowski committed simple battery and then chose to smear fields instead of fessing up to it .
so i usually do n't go crazy over classics '' i have personal tastes and i do n't care what the general opinion of my tastes are .
i ca n't believe what cadiro sold me tody ! ! ! !
either run or fight deep i know i usually just heal and run to the nearest corner where i pop a couple rounds and size them up if i feel confident i unload a mag on them and run to the next corner reload and repeat until they 're done .
usually they get so into it they forget about their teams and die one by one .
on the other hand if they 're too strong for me i just run using the cars for cover and lead them towards mobs .
and being able to easily initialize properties in one line
yeah sorry that 's almost as dumb as the car argument .
if these are your counter arguments then you 're not exactly grasping the point and you have my pity .
canadian ib student with 6 in math hl and the rest 5 's 3 bonus from tok/ee total 34/45
mythbusters found for a successful pea crop apply death metal liberally .
if you do n't know how this is n't the way to find out .
if you ca n't score some weed around here you ca n't score it anywhere .
i play until 3:45am cst almost every day and this has n't happened before .
from what i hear its our beloved kurds behind most turkish terror attacks
i looked at that video and the back of your car is so caked in filth i ca n't believe you can even see out the back .
wash your damn car and make sure you have your insurance and registration handy in your glovebox .
the cop was actually fairly cool until you started arguing with him .
you are really chalking up something very standard as something it isnt .
it is pretty amazing '' that they will restore random items but ignore the issues with the game that are crippling it into the ground .
i am doing the same thing and i had to implement threads to play mp3 sound in my game without having the application wait for the sound to end .
i got pirate princess for 17s ... after getting one a week before for 22g .
trump would absolutely destroy her way worse than he did with jeb lmao .
i can not read this story due to the odd format .
if all that 's going to happen here is that i 'm going to parrot the fact that she can be angry with him while still wanting his help then allow me to quote you and end the conversation here
this is quite pointless kawahara can suggest something very strongly that most people will agree with but if he does n't come out and explicitly say it people like you can always construe it in such a way as to show the opposite
yeah one thing is the track seems a bit empty like the basis for a track .
it also sounds like you may be using presets which is fine but i think instrumentation can be as important as composition
i still want to be able to completely finish a shadow .
this is op 's only post and compared to their comment history it seems weird .
anybody else think it would have been really satisfying if she 'd turned and booped his outie ?
australian here but even from the other side of the world i 've seen how republicans and western conservatives in general have been courting crazy hard with climate science denialism religious law over equality rejection of social statistics which do n't fit the narrative propping up rich inheritors as the supposed self-made while ignoring the actual self-made giving lip service to xenophobes frequently etc .
it 's not at all a surprise that this happened just a surprise that anybody from that camp is surprised .
you were submitted by u/frieswiththat to r/politics and you were taken away from us way too early .
please note that this bot has nothing to do with the deletion of your post .
old man logan was just edgy all dorkness with no meaning
u/mordahl covered it but to put it succinctly if you fast travel from within the build area '' of some settlements certain resources will drop to zero and it will affect the happiness of the settlements .
you have to go back to the settlement and open the workshop to reset '' the resource values .
the only confirmed workaround to the bug is to walk outside the build area before you fast travel .
i was hoping it was fixed by now but it does n't seem to be the case .
the only two i 've seen so far heavy bubbles https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=_ptoanzxb8s and snoopa vision https www.youtube.com/snoopavision ? v=_ptoanzxb8s have been pretty good
i think i will still not cheer for reigns after this scenario
gratz foxxat bimp john and all the others involved .
i actually added more to it until i get royal guard flying down absolutely perfectly .
that made me really happy to hear and hopefully you 're right !
i 'm making progress as fast as i can .
i 'll keep you updated when i get more stuff down d
that 's literally the only problem i have with this pizza xd
finch dropped me a he aug that i 'd been praying for .
then he dropped me a purple navy mp5 that was better ...
aww sounds like he does n't believe in his own butt
i read it once when i was going through my redwall mode as a kid .
i remember the book having a lot less mysticism going on which disappointed me as a young spud but i think i might actually prefer it that way if i went back and read it now yeah .
seems like he interprets most people 's comment the wrong way
we called it a night hmu i 'll be on tomorrow
twist your body the opposite way you wan na go and then like a coil spring up from your thighs and twist the other way and your skis should follow .
i am here to remind oregon that they are the fucking worst and despite how many uniform changes they have it still does n't amount to a national championship .
however the point still stands i feel like he had so much technical ability but due to maybe personal reasons or attitude he could have became so much more .
so this is what happens when two mediocre teams play each other .
i was watching this game he kept getting focused down by the tiny combo-ing him to death and spent a lot of time warding or sitting in trees he was involved in a couple of kill but mostly was super passive and after he was trapped inside his base there was no hope for him to even farm a small camp .
yeah no you 're right better stfu so jerry can go on with his life and call it a good day 's work .
not sure why you got downvoted but yes for sure it would be banned by the un .
this will be helpful when i lose my usb again ...
get my blessings by singing this bhajan https youtu.be/obq4zc6pgw4 ? t=3m26s
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/india if you have any questions or concerns .
it 's calibration that gets you with the rostock .
i suppose we 'll have to wait for the model after 3 for dealing with large cargo items .
alright let 's just give you everything for free .
yeah like in all other battlefields before bad company .
oookay ... you go have a tantrum in a corner while the adults discuss things .
only if you want to special summon it or always attack directly with it .
otherwise you can use it as a normal blur-eyes .
the fullscreen mode is pretty nice looking i just tried it but yes it is not as easy to get all the information from the mini mode at a glance ...
as i learned from someone on here i sort by us only '' .
the people who keep using the 'someone like him ' rhetoric would still not get it .
it would honestly just take away from the season 7 premiere as it would be spoiled when filming starts back up this spring .
i 'm sure we will find out who it is this weekend as this is something both amc and the writers/kirkman knows .
it 's going to be hard or next to impossible to find legit starbucks cards at 55 face value .
maybe if it was a year or two ago when starbucks gcs were n't all that popular
i had a full fusion friday http i.imgur.com/6voqckj.jpg theme ready to go .
here is a spanish language report on daily life http hipertextual.com/2015/06/la-vida-venezuela .
you do n't make to the alarm clock but to the sound of water flowing into your empty plumbing .
you need to get up to collect water while supplies last .
the reality of life depends on where you live and your attitude to the present situation an end-game of a dying regime or a heroic struggle against external aggression .
queues are omnipresent and goods are mostly obtained from bachaqueros illegal street vendors .
venezuelans are resigned to the fact that the majority of their waking lives will be lived in queues .
the national sport is peeping into the baskets of fellow-queuers to see what is available locally .
when you do get to he head of the queue you pay what is asked a galaxy costs seven months salary a big mac two days .
with three official exchange rates plus the black market rate the complexities of foreign exchange control in v ca n't be set out in a couple of paragraphs .
it 's enough to say that at the most favourable official rate inaccessible to pretty much every v'an but often used by the state for official estimates the minimum wage is around 1000 whilst calculated against the highest official rate it 's 37 .
overseas purchases on say the internet are limited to 200 per annum and overseas trips to 300 .
however electronic payment systems have been suspended indefinitely so it is all academic .
all have acquired new habits not to go out at night not to loiter in public places never to display wealth always to maintain a stock of basic necessities and to add to them whenever possible .
without setting out to isolate yourself from everyone and everything to build a bubble inhabited solely by yourself it is impossible to isolate yourself from this .
this captures the life sentence of a nation that has lost the ability to form plans you can take nothing for granted that there will be electricity water that a political demonstration or a failure of infrastructure wo n't defeat your plans .
this uncertainly is in my opinion the most terrible aspect of the reality of daily life in v to live without certainty with the perpetual anxiety 'overturning of the ship ' of a peril hanging over your head .
it is a country which drains your time a weak link a prison without walls and a looted treasure all at the same time .
which bpl cm 's should i be using in a 4-3-2-1 ?
hotfix for kotk ok but why 4 hours downtime for js servers !
i need to introduce you to the concept of preference .
i do n't need to prefer the 'most deserving ' team .
my reasons are good enough to prefer that leicester crash burn and let spurs win the title and oddly enough i 'm not embarrassed .
you probably think we should 've been supporting the scousers two seasons ago because they were deserving .
265 germans is enough to take out a town with an experienced team .
i think you get this way after being married to sean penn .
as far as we are aware only ingredients and demons can be stored in a gold can .
derous would not fit in a can unless it has some weird size changing power .
its also believed that derous may have been killed by neo 's main body .
there should be a little hole on that wii2hdmi gizmo push it with a pen or something that should change the resolution have u tried this yet ?
how dare he go on holiday and enjoy himself .
i see yuuki no reason i give a like .
yes boku live baby maybe and mogyutto be damned .
if he said believing in god is silly . ''
or people should n't be allowed to have guns '' he would drop
auto include in my dragon reno c'thun deathrattle control face rogue !
it gives you 3 literally three hull points so it 's better to just hunt down lifebergs for their supplies lucky day 50 hull .
rats are kinda expensive since i wo n't earn anything on this trip due to no cargo space for trophies/fulkes/etc .
but maybe 50 rats would be useful in case of emergency .
i 'd love to see them actually trying the live game without their stereotypes for it .
i mean yes compared to back in the day '' it is easier but then again they improve their game with the almost the same stuff replace current methods with less xp/hour but afk '' and more xp/hour on alternative routes '' not easyscape ?
all day is fair game and they waited til april 1 server time to post .
so you 're pretty much restricted to staying at a place owned by someone approximately the same size as you or you 're asking property owners to have many sizes of clothing on hand ?
both of these sound like a business disaster to me .
that speed wo n't be there anymore if that hip hets anymore fucked
yeah i know i 'm not too bothered with it .
just thought it was funny because it gave me the image in my head of rhino 's minigun with a red dot sight on it
if dey were broke u shoul 've messaged https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fmlplounge teh cutie tem crusaaderss ! 1 !
one of these days i 'm going to buy myself a calendar .
porn titles are really fucking weird no matter the medium .
investors would want to know when these things happen .
no one would want to invest in a company which keeps everything hidden from its investors .
and as a general rule of thumb regarding any silicon .
if the company did n't say it taped out it did n't tape out .
and besides it turns out these benches were an april fools joke by the person who created aida64 .
rather easy although that 's because on that part at least i 'm incredibly lucky .
both my parents work in healthcare although nothing directly related to autism so while i only found out at 20 they were able to get me referred to a psychiatrist with knowledge on the subject so i was able to get a diagnosis relatively smoothly and without much trouble after seeing him for about half a year .
for some it took a bit longer but was equally smooth while for others i 've heard about years of different diagnoses medication and sometimes a refusal to even consider autism/aspergers as an option .
now this is quite a large oopsy i plan on having hospitals and schools in the wall .
ass backwards mccory should be his new nick name .
you mean selling a piece of copper ore for 10mil silver so rmt could make some money ?
is the 2nd screen a mirror of the macbook screen or is it setup as an extended screen .
windows key and p gives the options in win7 not sure about win10 .
an extended screen should have it 's own properties to change .
the characters are great the music is fantastic and i love the humor .
i got battlefront and i ca n't even join a game the missions have been fun though
when most economies are flat-lining we 're still slowly improving .
i get so damn annoyed when harris is misrepresented which happens all of the time !
si les humains n'étaient pas constamment attaqués https np.reddit.com/r/france/comments/4coazd/french_minister_compares_veil_wearers_to_negroes/d1k8c2h on arriverait peut-être plus facilement à faire la différence .
if they have magic '' star wars/star trek energy barriers why do they need old school airlocks in other parts of the same ship ?
ok so i 'm 10 years into drumming and despite this my fills always have a sloppy end to them .
i have gone through clicks play along tracks jams rehearsals new techniques grips everything ...
so i sat down today and started to look at the differences between my hands and realised that my right hand thumb bends back much further than my left hand .
i noticed that my left hand thumb pinches the stick at the top of the thumb sort of half way on the top bone .
my right hand thumb pinches the stick lower down near the joint .
that means there 's about a half inch difference between sticks when i bring hit the drums and that my entire right thumb joint down to the wrist is kind of pushed inwards putting a ton of stress on the entire hand .
after thinking about it and adjusting my right hand thumb to pinch similar to my left my entire hand felt less weak .
i tried jamming to a click and holy fucking shit .
so my practice is now going to be tailored around building up my right hand thumb to not bend so much back .
here 's my question to you guys have you had anything similar and if so how do you strengthen that joint ?
i 'm looking for a bit of distraction and some fun so what better place to look !
i 'm in the mood for a romantic rp romantic not vanilla we can still get dirty p although if you prefer vanilla that 's fine and i have a few idea 's but open to anything .
maybe we run a cooking show together and it 's a bit ... different from the rest .
another idea involves us being newlyweds or at least me still in my wedding dress you do n't have to be the groom and we take it from there .
i have something in mind i could show you that got me thinking of this idea .
maybe something in a time long gone or even really long gone in a fantasy world ?
any other idea 's you have maybe something revolving around new year 's eve ?
i 'll include a few kinks but not at all seeing as the list goes on romance ofcourse buildup big cumshots assplay celebs sweat food
i 'm willing to try futa watersports and plenty more
so i win the code from a giveaway contest at pokemon plaza but did not realize what pal code means and basically making the code useless with my us cartridge but someone from the casual trade offer me to redeem the code and clone the hoopa for me .
so yeah that the story of this pokemon i got 2 extra from the 4 that are cloned for me and that is the one that i offering for trade today .
just tell me what your offering and add my fc i will be online for couple of hours .
i am currently trying to complete my dex so any rare pokemon are good for me
in my experience if specced right he is essentially nigh indestructible .
his shield absorbs so much damage and kinda has a low cooldown .
blade dash dodges skillshots like a boss and phase prism is so useful .
im assuming he fought his whole way through the level and had no vials left .
when i spawned in he was surrounded by three werewolves .
hello my name is karina johnson and i am conducting an online survey as part of my clinical psychology masters research project .
if you are willing to participate could you please click on the following link and complete the survey .
it is completely anonymous and should only take 10-20 minutes .
this project has been approved by the usc human research ethics committee ethics number s/15/850 .
i 've walked the rivers of many cities in canada only to come across developments that interrupted linear parks and trails along waters edge .
every time i see this i think about how it must be near impossible to turn back on these wasteful planning decisions .
then i see lavish hotels being leveled in egypt along the nile .
there was an online game on nick.com where you could play a game similar to sims or millsberry .
the game was taken down but you could play it in 2005 .
you could decorate a room/apartment make coins from mini games and dress your character .
on halloween you could choose to become a warewolf or vampire .
it said i abandoned but you know i would never leave ...
big thanks to all who participated in the voting thread https www.reddit.com/r/rpg/comments/4a4i49/indie_rpg_book_club_april_voting_thread for the last month .
it looks like blades in the dark http www.drivethrurpg.com/product/170689/blades-in-the-dark-digital-edition-early-access by john harper http www.onesevendesign.com was the game most people wanted to try this time around .
if you have any experience with the game and want to share it with others or discuss your favorite parts of the game or the system with others feel free to start a discussion thread .
let us know what you think of this game and why people should play it or not .
here 's a short description to the game from the early access game
blades in the dark is a game about a group of daring
we 'll play to fid out if the fldgling crew can thrive
watch and the siren song of the scoundrel 's own vices .
by thieves and killers and scoundrels like you — the blades in the dark .
the noble elite grow ever richer from the profits of their leviathan-hunting fleets and electroplasm refineries .
the bluecoats of the constabulary crack skulls and line their pockets with graft .
the powerful crime syndicates leech coin from every business brothel drug den and gambling house .
and then there 's your crew of scoundrels all the way down at the bottom rung .
what are you willing to do to get there ?
there 's also a game run by john harper available on youtube for people that want to check it out
blades in the dark lets play https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=jsmw4wc7ioe list=plqqw3ew6dksn0-iv7n7144rbqkkrneqhh
also we have a roll20 group https app.roll20.net/lfg/listing/29818/indie-rpg-bookclub that you can ask to join if you want to take part in trying new games that we pick here in the future .
we are always looking for more people to join since it would make scheduling much easier with more members .
i will also try to contact the authors for the game of the month from now on and direct them to the thread so they can answer your questions if you have any .
i can not guarantee that i will succeed bringing the authors in to answer your questions but i will try .
so if you have any questions for john harper related to this game ask them in this thread and i will send them the link to the thread and invite him to join the discussion here on reddit .
hi i 'm looking for a website of neko our cat girl based toys .
our even if someone who has more knowledge of these toys could give me a list of what to look for .
i know about the ears and tail plugs but my so is totally against butt stuff .
i was wondering if someone could tell me also i 'd there was somewhere i could buy sexy panties with tails attached to them ?
im having a problem with an object creation on game maker .
for example if the score 10 i want to create one object but it constantly keeps creating objects while the score is 10 !
is there any way to make the code work only once ?
so i have the phantom 4 running all latest updates and firmware .
i 'm trying to change my video feed to 4mbps .
for some reason it 's only letting me change this when i have custom channel enabled .
previously about 6 months ago with my phantom 3 i remember having the option of picking video feed quality without having to be in custom mode .
b/o karambit doppler phase 4 with a lot of blue karambit cw mw
the following events happened on this day in history !
king haku with bobby the brain heenan vs hercules http network.wwe.com/video/v31347509/milestone/31356887
the million dollar man vs brutus the barber beefcake http network.wwe.com/video/v31347509/milestone/31356901
powers of pain and mr fuji vs demolition http network.wwe.com/video/v31347509/milestone/31356915
andre the giant vs jake the snake roberts http network.wwe.com/video/v31347509/milestone/31356987
honky tonk man and the hammer vs the hart foundation http network.wwe.com/video/v31347509/milestone/31357001
bobby the brain heenan vs the red rooster http network.wwe.com/video/v31347509/milestone/31357099
04/02/1989 clash of the champions clash of the champions vi http network.wwe.com/video/v32297671
lex luger and british bulldog vs jacob and eli blu http network.wwe.com/video/v31347211/milestone/31357743
razor ramon with 123 kid vs jeff jarrett with roadie http network.wwe.com/video/v31347211/milestone/31357779
owen hart and yokozuna vs the smoking gunns http network.wwe.com/video/v31347211/milestone/31357863
damien kane with lady alexandra vs mikey whipwreck http network.wwe.com/video/v500673383/milestone/525932983
the gangstas vs chad austin and blue meanie http network.wwe.com/video/v500673383/milestone/525933683
taz with bill alfonso vs buh buh ray dudley http network.wwe.com/video/v500673383/milestone/525935183
t and a vs steve blackman and al snow http network.wwe.com/video/v31356305/milestone/31362957
hardy boyz vs dudley boyz vs edge and christian http network.wwe.com/video/v31356305/milestone/31363109
mick foley vs big show vs the rock vs triple h http network.wwe.com/video/v31356305/milestone/31363319
kane and big show vs carlito and chris masters http network.wwe.com/video/v31324317/milestone/31988881
mickie james hits the mick kick on trish stratus http network.wwe.com/video/v31324317/milestone/37016215
shawn michaels hits sweet chin music on vince mcmahon http network.wwe.com/video/v31324317/milestone/37016285
rey mysterio hits west coast pop on randy orton http network.wwe.com/video/v31324317/milestone/37016301
john cena reverses pedigree into stfu on triple h http network.wwe.com/video/v31324317/milestone/37016365
randy orton vs big show with the authority http network.wwe.com/video/v92665683/milestone/526754083
luke harper powerbombs dean ambrose onto the table http network.wwe.com/video/v92665683/milestone/526765083
i would like to ask for your opinions on this topic .
i am currently conducting research at my local university i am a student as you may have guessed and i would like to know are there any interesting examples general tendencies and things of that nature of adjective pronoun and adverb usage in french media .
as an example are there any expressions with a certain adjective that is more likely to be heard on the french news than in plain everyday conversation or in the written media ?
any set expressions or words that are only used in the media and are too formal or for any other reason only used there ?
i would be very grateful for any insight that could be given
was having this discussion today with a few friends .
my 6 year old son is racing in local children cycling team .
he has been riding there for 3 years already and has stamina to ride very long distances but he really lacks speed and in the end usually is much slower than other kids .
he can easily ride 20km 12 miles without stopping but in shorter distance race of 4km 3 miles he is way behind others in pace .
is there a way to train a 6 year old to ride faster ?
recently saw an episode of entourage where vinnie had his feet on the table and his sneakers had all star '' and a star on the sole .
seems like a converse but i ca n't find a name anywhere .
so ... since last patch i ca n't play without battle.net is anyone else having this trouble ?
i just bought a new 144hz monitor acer xf240hbmjdpr and 4:3 stretched is n't working anymore when the monitor is connected over dp which you need to run 144hz .
when connected with hdmi everything works like it should .
i set the scaling mode to fullscreen '' in the radeon settings and in the osd menu of the monitor but when i start cs go the scaling mode changes to keep aspect ratio '' automatically .
when i tab out it changes back to fullscreen '' .
so ive red some stuff is the pirate belt removed out of the bsh droptable ?
since ive mad 15 runs after that update to get the pirate belt and yet no single accessory drop
when i want to craft something it shows that component as available but i ca n't craft with it .
i went back to farm him hoping for more early dps .
he is at 5 stars and gear 8 and have used him in gw to check on his progress .
my 5 star rt is better than him at a lower gear level .
i have gone against plenty and take out other chars first now as i just do not see a threat past a first turn assist .
just hit day 21 today and let me tell you it 's been pretty bad .
i woke up at 12:00pm skipped my weekly review session and skipped out on hanging with my friends because i was bingeing on reddit .
on top of that my loneliness has been nibbling at the back of my mind for the past week which is n't helping either .
i saw a really triggering image a few moments ago and it might push me over the edge .
so now here i am summoning the powers of peer pressure get me through this .
got my first ever super bowl win today and to top it off got a 100k card .
such as who was everyone 's og then who was added when they merged etc .
there 's a lot here and a lot of vitriol https np.reddit.com/r/austin/comments/4cxb8j/bicyclist_dragged_for_blocks_by_driver_who_failed/d1m51fj ? context=10000 .
also calls for vigilante justice and torture as retribution are elsewhere in the comments .
let me know what you guys would like to see added !
this article is an interesting window into the state of the wisconsin campaign .
it does a nice job of speaking to the solidarity of bernie 's volunteers with those quoted intractably dedicated to him winning even to the point of writing in his name should he not be the democratic nominee in the general election .
this is described as a serious problem for hillary who will have a hard time swaying the die-hard bernie fans notably the independents so crucial to hotly contested elections .
clinton allies rejected any suggestion that a loss to sanders in wisconsin would reveal weaknesses that could haunt her in a general election .
the word weakness deters any kind of response from me as it relates to hillary .
there are no weaknesses said martha love a longtime african american leader from milwaukee and a member of the democratic national committee .
there are no weaknesses '' is just unflinching blind loyalty to hillary a willful ignorance of glaringly contrary facts .
this is what we 're combating not just in wisconsin but throughout the country .
another quoted hillary supported said that bernie had no experience '' seemingly ignorant of his decades in congress .
i guess that does n't count when you 've been in congress eight years and secstate for a tour .
baffling but the article is fascinating and rather thorough .
i am thinking about watching wwe wrestlemania at cineplex odeon orion gate cinemas near highway 410 steeles ave .
im lv 85 and having alot of trouble with nameless king with a strength build my vit is low but id like to lv to atleast 115 before fighting him truly
hi i was wondering if anyone could help me find the song in most of nigahiga 's videos with the cheesy drum beat and bass with a trumpet flourish occasionally ?
it appears at the beginning of his latest video https youtu.be/1ydxjicqnf8
i read somewhere that it 's one of the stock songs you are given with imovie but if this is the case i do not have an apple computer so could someone please tell me where i can find it ?
man i ca n't see myself play hours and hours of it in a row like i can for turf wars or even rainmaker .
i ca n't handle more than like 3 games in a row and that 's a shame because it 's my favorite game mode by far .
when i want money for a level-up it 's rainmaker time .
even though i am terrible at carrying at least i can play it during hours without worrying .
i do n't even care about deranking i just .
do n't even know what is my problem with tower control .
was asked by a friend to post this asking if anyone has a account with these specific servants and the price your wanting
would rather the account have all the servants listed or at least most listed orion fionn and dantes is a must so please show me what you have
options i 'd love to have be on this account amaka shirou and another 5 star
today i entered a robin chatroom i was the first person to be matched with u/deliberatesm who automatically selects grow and occasionally posts strange comments that have a somewhat r/subredditsimulator feel to them .
the room grew and eventually people informed me of r/strawmen and pointed me in the direction of this sub .
i am no computer expert and have no idea what this will mean .
my heart just felt like someone was pressing their thumb into my spine
and i could n't apologize in time because i was still cuffed and being pushed through a door .
this is because i have a really cheap and shitty fingernail clipper and it would be deemed immoral and inappropriate .
the awful inspector gadget movie not only better than its trailer .
well ... ... .fuck you writers of this movie .
i have not written down everything he has posted because he posts a lot and i do n't have the time .
i have no idea if this means anything or what it would mean but i hope you guys can make something out of it .
edit i linked the peeps in the chat to this thread and now their posting stuff that it says below
update yea at one point it stopped pressing grow and eventually left it 's last words were blood used in castles ? ''
do you guys think there is resell potential my fog stayed in stores for along time last time and i dont want these pieces to go to waste .
do you think there is resell potential for the pants/shorts ?
if so how much do you think they go for on the aftermarket .
whenever i start the doom beta i can check the box to agree with the eula but i ca n't move up or down to select continue ... is anyone else having this problem ?
last year we had a lot of trouble getting our service set up and after about a month and a half without service we admittedly got a pretty good deal on our internet and basic cable package .
i had no idea it was just a 12-month promo so our price went up now one year later .
the very kind rep explained that unfortunately she did n't have anything that would get me to the rate i had but that later this month they 'd have new promos out and i should wait to call then .
was this a clever way of getting me to hang up and call another time or is this true ?
i was listening to some demo for morpho x4 and thought i heard some growls ala dubstep .
i thought formants were strictly the domain of fm synthesis .
we 're gon na fight the dragon today ! !
be sure to check the countdown so we can all be there !
the portal is at gatorglitch 's base marked on signs in the hub !
looking for people 16 do n't care about hours played just having fun is all that matters .
do have a teamspeak 3 up for use if you want to join add me on steam and send me a message http steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198071816685
are we only going to get springu cleaning patch or are we getting 1 more mlg patch that will change the history of dota 2 ?
i wan na try being pounded stretched out i wan na get used hard i want to be fucked hard in my tight little virgin ass with any size strapon they want they could even sneak up on me and force me it would n't be to much of someone forceing me cuz i want it i could even be out side when they sneak up on me i just do n't want to be in control when it happens you could even bring a female friend to help you god it be soooo hot especially if they use the strapons that can cum and they fill me up tell it leaking out of the sides
so we just witnessed the rather epic curbstomping zunisha gave to jack and his fleet and as much as i loved it i do have to wonder about what this implies .
my main concern is the only other being so far we have seen comparable to zunisha in size although still admittedly dwarfed by him is san juan wolf .
now i wo n't get into any discrepancies in sizes of which i think there is many and i would love an official size chart but if zunisha has the capability of destroying a 1billion bounty pirate like jack who is the right hand of a an emperor his fleet it only took 1 attack then san juan wolf is going to be a bit of a problem .
originally i thought it would be fine as we can see top tier characters regularly dismiss immense size with their own strength like whitebeard with ronse and john sanji with wadatsumi luffy with the giant in the tourny and zoro with pica .
but now it seems that immense size to a scale such as zunisha is actually a threat .
interested in your thoughts on the matter do you think san juan wolf could of done what zunisha did ?
i had to put down a down payment because of my lackluster credit .
if i wanted to use my jump on demand would i have to put another down payment down because of my credit ?
i tried searching for someone in a similar situation on here and on tmobile forums but could not find anything so i apologize if this was answered already .
i listen the blitz its an ohio rock station 99.7. and i heard a song on the radio and i can not find it at all i heard it like 3 weeks ago and cant find it .
i know i know '' it was a guy not super deep voice or high but pretty average and i can not find it it might even go cause i know i know '' please help mee
i heard it on the blitz a long time ago
has anyone been able to achieve the max rupee glitch with lana after downloading all the legends dlc wii u ?
my consistancy seemed to end when i picked up the game and bought all the content .
if it has n't been patched and i just ran out of all my luck great !
edit after what feels like forever i finally made contact ! !
if you want to the the missions hit me up .
is there enough interest for a kaiser reich game some time ?
i know a lot of people from yesterday were in .
i say we need at least 8 people for all the majors .
i 'm brand new to the show series and am unsure as to how the dynasty works exactly .
i know in nhl i was actually better waiting to open packs so i did n't have to play better teams and keep up good contracts right away but this seems different .
hi i 've heard that in order to get that ending i need to go through the game twice not killing anything and then i heard i did n't have to .
on my first run through i killed toriel did n't know i could spare her and so i reset .
flower acknowledged what i had done ... that guy is creepy .
but i did n't get much acknowledgment from anyone else and so i continued .
i got to the end sparing both flowey and asgore and flowey told me to go to my friends .
i backtracked to the beginning and nothing happened so i fought asgore again .
when i spared him flowey was back again telling me how he wanted to meet someone more like him .
i then fought asgore again and flowey told me about the fan club .
what do i have to do to get the true pacifist ending ?
the one where everyone comes back at the end ?
i 'll do the genocide after i 've gotten that one .
i will entertain comparable trade offers however want primarily paypal .
i started a new playtrough some days ago and noticed that there are no no signs messages bloodstains or ghosts at all .
my friend started playing too and he has the same problem .
does anyone have the same problem or does someone know a solution to it ?
one of the things i love about this team is that we love the guys who are n't very good that are on our team ex .
over the years who is your favorite player on the team that was n't a starter or just was n't all that great a player ?
i ca n't believe it 's been four years already but qb was the man to me .
after the season i got a shirt with his name on the back .
i was pretty disappointed when he left the team .
don kelly is my second favorite for obvious reasons .
so i 've heard the phrase familiarity breeds contempt being thrown around on trp and tomassi has written that shacking up with a girl is one of the worst things you can do for yourself .
i 've personally experienced how the added comfort of living together with a girl can make her more complacent when it comes to doing chores around the house or keeping herself fit and even withholding sex more .
so my question is for those of you living together with your gfs/wives what do you do to stave off this complacency and contempt ?
normally i 'm at 4 or 5 sensitivity guy and have trouble snap aiming at 6 or higher but am playing 4 vertical and 6 horizontal right now and liking it a lot .
i bought a a royal zen bean by mistake i wanted a training certificate .
is there a way to refund the zen beans spent ?
this time i tried my best to reduce background noise speak more clearly etc .
please let me know if it is still hard or unpleasant to listen to .
keep in mind that i 'm only a beginner and i 'm trying my best to learn french pronunciation .
syrian president assad also added that his nation would lean on russia iran and china to rebuild his nation after years of being invaded and destroyed by mercenaries funded and armed by nato nations in addition to saudi arabia turkey and qatar .
it only takes one person on your team who thinks 'its all over ' and then it is .
i wish there was actually a way to punish them .
update pryn 's outfit won the vote ! ! !
the question we have for the clan is do you guys want to farm like mad to use one of the three above uniforms orrr we have a second option.
we noticed that lots of people liked the frigid guerrilla outfit .
so another option is for us to vote on specific 'parts ' to the outfit i.e .
basically we will vote on each colour option and each pattern option and create a clan-made frigid guerrilla outfit.
the poll http strawpoll.me/7255161 this poll is now over with a vote of 18:11 we will be crafting 1 of the guildie made outfits !
to cast your vote on whether you want to vote and create a guildie-made top voted of the 3 listed or create a clan-made frigid guerilla outfit each option voted on by everyone .
if anyone is interested in how i came up with the costs to the outfit designs here is the detailed break-down https gyazo.com/e1218cb3553a447546ef13f29ae53c2d .
i 've sent two messages toy giftee and have yet to receive an answer .
his likes are the same as mine so ideas are n't a problem .
but i really do n't want to buy something he already has .
thoughts on how long to wait before i start my hunt ?
19 m us hung looking for some fun with guys under 19. send your age when you add me wayward29dude
i 've been working as a security analyst in a soc for about 2 years now .
i have my sec and a ccna r s .
my question is where should i go from here ?
i have three certs in mind but i 'm not sure which to go for .
i was thinking on going with ccna sec since it 's cheaper than the other two helps me get more familiar with asa 's since we work with them and it looks good on my resume .
but honestly i 'm a bit more interested in the latter two .
and just go for the more expensive/time consuming certs ?
or stick with the ccna sec then go for the other two .
i was hoping that i could get some guidance .
... .. oh ... ... .. that 's right you ca n't kill a ghost ... ... ... ''
sorry for disappointing you ... . i 'll just go ... ... ..
by big leagues i mean premier league serie a bundesliga ligue 1 and la liga
so i do n't know much about csgo or the stock market .
so i figured i 'd go wild at the marketplace .
i noticed that s1mple was trending on this sub so i figured his autograph sticker would raise in value .
it was flickering at around 3.50 and 4 euros .
so i bought like 5 liquid capsules got 2 s1mples .
but i thought it was a bit annoying to constantly confirm it on my phone .
so i decided to turn off steam guard ... so now i have like 7 s1mples and ca n't trade or sell them for 15 days .
and they will probably lose value when columbus is over .
so yeah that 's why i should n't even try with this shit .
i just hit hr4 and i would seriously appreciate it if anyone would be up for helping me obtain a few dlc armor/weapon sets .
if you 're up for helping me get anything at all the specific things i 'm looking for are the final fantasy armor set and weapon the matching palico set the zelda blade master set sword and shield and lastly the dante palico set .
i got this game about 3 or 4 days ago after eyeing it for a very long time and saving up for a next gen console and this game .
i played a lot of cs and halo where team killing is totally possible but i have to say i 've never seen it to this extent before .
people just walk around and randomly kill their teammates it 's fucking stupid .
i played 4 matches today and 2 of them i got team killed the first round right off the bat for no reason .
i usually get team killed 2 times a day depending on how many matches i play .
i want to enjoy this game i really do but when 50 of the games i play i get team killed it 's just not fun .
so am i just unlucky or does this game just have a lot of team killing ?
so here 's the thing i work weird hours so i do n't get much human interaction besides my coworkers .
i 'd love to make some new friends someone to talk to late at night and keep each other company .
please send me a pm with some details about yourself such as your age location some interests and your kik !
it has come to our attention that president hudson has faith in edward bores .
although bores new strategy could be considered radical thinking .
we are giving him the benifit of the doubt and we 're interested to see what impact a campaign of this nature will have on drug trade .
federation officials have been placed on guard to ensure the onionhead is destroyed . ''
the purple mob does not have the authority to run these studies on onionhead .
whatever results they find are sure to be very bias .
although we do not agree with the strategy edward bores has chosen we will not interfer with a presidential order .
all traffic is to divert to grandin gateway immediately .
cmdrs caught traveling towards tereshkova dock will be ordered to stop and divert .
failure to comply with these orders will be met with swift punishment .
circular avian logic gates release chat protocol for all robins
flat reference pigeon non presser robin is the educational inverse communicative
circular avian logic gates release chat protocol for all robins to commit
equations to calculate the bird logarithm are falsehoods of the government
work finishes at 3am plan to go to the 8am prerelease the next thing you know it 's 3pm .
also why could n't i just drink the water in front of her ?
if you want to see my frustration at not being able to drink the water .
my friend and i were doing this quest together .
friend gets to nugria sanctum first which triggers the cutscene for both of us .
i see the little girl run towards us and then the rest of the villagers explode .
he gets teleported to another area and is able to continue the quest .
screen goes black teleports me back to where i was previously .
i still have the girl in danger '' quest active with the goal of go to the altar in nugria sanctum '' but no cutscene activates nor can i check the altar .
also after the cutscene ended my speed doubled to 60 .
i looked up to see if there was any solution to this bug and i found a thread on the subreddit regarding a very similar situation in this quest .
i tried the solution someone posted there but it only changed my speed back to normal 30 .
does anyone have any suggestions or solutions to this ?
edit other things i 've tried channel swapping relogging restarting client .
fix so if channel swapping relogging restarting the client or the cbt fix does n't work i found a way for it to work .
join the part with someone who is also doing that quest and have them activate the cutscene at the altar .
this forces you into the cut scene and lets you proceed in the quest .
franky see 's kiado in the general and unleashes sssssuuuuupppeeerrrr genraall radical beeeeeeeaaaaaaammmmm ! ! ! ! ! ! ''
kiado says sooo cooolll i can finally die peacefully ''
i built my first ever pc last september and mostly had help picking out parts from friends i was wondering however what would be the next logic step in updgrading it or mostly what would be a fairly decent upgrade for the graphics card ?
pcpartpicker part list http pcpartpicker.com/p/jmdrjx price breakdown by merchant http pcpartpicker.com/p/jmdrjx/by_merchant
i have a video of my engine failing from today too !
age of sigmar has opened a lot of options for the hobby .
gone are the days of building to army lists optimal units and good looking stuff being useless on the tabletop .
to celebrate that and to get some more awesome models painted we 're launching the community painting project .
each project will last a month and is open to all participants .
all you have to do is sign up and tell us what you 're painting .
post a wip or two over the course of the month and at the end show us your finished model .
the project will be specific to a keyword in most cases .
but you can choose whatever you like within that frame .
if the project that month is hero '' you could choose any hero model to paint up .
as long as you 're painting the project it 's all good !
expect april 's sign-up thread on monday along with april 's project announcement
i rly not sure which one is better here with a crit lightning strike build im alrdy running hatred is the extra 20 that gud ?
with herald of ice i could generate power charge easy too .
i 've been googling as much as i can and ca n't find anywhere that has legit comb honey .
if anyone knows a spot in the farmer 's market or a stand at rittenhouse park or something i 'd be very grateful .
just to clarify i 'm looking for honey still in the comb .
as much as i 'd like to try getting into beekeeping i do n't have the time space or training yet .
i am wondering if there is a resource that lists the most widely used and up-to-date development tools/frameworks/resource sites .
i constantly find myself hearing of tools like codepen or resharper or frameworks/editors/etc from colleagues and it seems as if people have a general knowledge of what the current big trends are while i only hear about them in passing .
these items are really in demand right now so this request is a bit of a long shot but maybe you can help me out .
ideal connection is through usb but if it 's xlr i can probably make something happen .
if it needs a pre-amp i would be willing to pay for a mixer too .
rough budget is 150 usd but can go anywhere up to 250 usd if it 's a killer deal .
have got a few confirmed swaps in r/mechmarket but am willing to take a jump .
hey everyone so according to this ann article https www.animenewsnetwork.com/news/2014-01-21/blood-alone-manga-abruptly-ends-run-in-evening-magazine blood alone 's mangaka was planning on continuing to release the final projected 4 volumes to finish blood alone as doujinshi after it was announced that it would be cancelled that spring in 2014 .
indeed according to the article he had a volume he appeared to think would be ready to sell that may at comita .
since it 's mid-spring 2016 now i was wondering if anyone knew what the status on this was ?
i tried googling this but could n't seem to find much discussion but if anyone can share anything about it that would be great .
since i do n't have a life and there was a lot of positive feedback for the last one https www.reddit.com/r/grandorder/comments/4cuqku/e_pluribus_unum_according_to_someone_who_cant i hammered out another of these for your reading pleasure .
we 've escaped into the home on the range texas .
geronimo tries to enlist us as his new goons but nightingale points out she spends a lot of time healing his other goons and it 's not a position with a long life span .
nightingale offers to heal him up but he tells her there 's no way he 's letting a gun toting republican near his healthcare .
mashu hears his name from roman and calls him rama this brings back his memories .
geronimo reminds us we are still under attack if we feel like doing anything about that .
after we slay the dragon s nightingale goes off on how ridiculous it is that with the massive number of landmarks and famous places in america dw decided to put a map in fucking deming new mexico .
roman says that we should instead be impressed at the level of research they put into this campaign and nightingale shoots his hologram for being a smartass .
http imgur.com/4mhpexc geronimo realizes that we 're from the future and tries to get roman to tell him how things go .
roman says he does n't know because of the paradoxes and geronimo asks in the real timeline how his people are doing .
geronimo leads us out into the desert to find the source of the dragon attacks .
rama says there 's something he 's forgetting but he ca n't remember what .
i ask what the something is and he says i just said i do n't remember you dumbass ! http imgur.com/fysc0mu we find more irish shocker .
we then find another town this one a lot more on fire and two guys shooting everything .
they tell us the irish wo n't kill themselves so we need to get a move on .
then it turns out they summoned some kind of demon thing and we have to go all ham on its ass .
we speak to the dynamic duo and they introduce themselves as billy the kid and robin hood outlaws who are trying to earn a pardon by fighting off the irish invasion .
billy is dodging three larceny and two murder convictions .
robin reluctantly admits his crime was tax evasion and he did n't even do it on purpose he just filled out his 1040 wrong .
in her castle medb is telling fionn to knock off this discrimination police bs and get back to invading .
he leaves and she starts to flirt with cu when fergus comes in .
cu tells him that since he 'll be banging medb busy fergus is now in charge of the army .
back in the desert robin hood is explaining they 've been fighting forever and it seems medb 's army is endless .
he leads us to another town to get some rest but as luck would have it there 's another irish attack .
we think we send them packing but it turns out someone else did .
elizabeth with her goddamn ridiculous outfit http imgur.com/e22gvro made them run away with her singing .
despite my objections mashu invites her to come with and help .
the others are n't thrilled but they all turn on me come around .
liz leads us into the woods after the irish and i have to admit she was helpful .
we find another town beset by an irish invader but this one is weird .
http imgur.com/jq44ksk turns out bride is n't irish but is siding with them for her hubby fergus .
he says for the tenth time we 're not married. and she turns on him like a cobra .
she challenges him to a duel her vs him .
he agrees her vs him ... and his goons .
we step in to level the playing field and kick his ass .
fergus says it 's a shame he would have liked to get to know the pretty redhead some more .
rama informs him that he 's a man and fergus is like meh a hole 's a hole. and he dies .
bride wants revenge on all her ex-husband 's friends and she joins the crew .
we go back into the woods and da vinci calls http imgur.com/uujd0ma to tell us there 's one of two reasons there 's a redwood forest in texas .
either the timeline is getting super fucked or dw got lazy and skimped on their research .
then again they knew about fucking deming so maybe not .
the group has gotten pretty large and we talk about splitting up .
rama says he ai n't leaving because he was here first and he and nightingale argue over whether him being the first servant in the order counts even though he was n't in the team at the time .
night falls while we 're in the desert and fou directs us to eat some desert plants for nourishment .
we fight a bunch of ghosts and a floating eyeball that may or may not have been real .
geronimo tries to led us on a spirit quest or something but no one goes for it and he sulks about us not respecting his people 's traditions .
it then occurs to me that we have two attention whore drama queens in the party .
to head off this problem geronimo takes the dynamic duo and bride and leaves us with the idol singer the bastard .
we reach the sea and liz is pissed she did n't bring her suit for the beach episode .
then we meet morgan freeman http imgur.com/3sp290d and mashu tries to get him to come with and narrate our adventures but he 's retiring to zihuatanejo .
in a castle beowolf is wondering what 's taking us so long and in the dungeons is ... rama 's little sister ?
http imgur.com/k7nird4 we reach the alcatraz to get all hogan 's heroes up in here .
we sneak around the woods looking for a way in .
we get mobbed by guys and nightingale takes a hit .
she starts yelling at rama to get off his ass and help .
he summons his friend the dragon he killed because that 's how norsemen befriend each other .
we down the dragon and he 's just like you fucked up now i do n't have to worry about hitting my allies. he takes rama 's np head on to prove he 's hardcore and we fight .
he loses and admits that in hindsight just letting us blast him like that was a bad call .
we free rama 's sister only it turns out rama 's a massive siscon and he faints from a nosebleed .
the sister says she was n't being held here she locked herself up to get away from him .
liz gets bummed no one siscons that hard over her and sister says it 's not that great .
since we need rama as a fighter and there 's no way he 'll be active while she 's around sister offers to off herself .
mashu says that 's too extreme but sister reminds her she 's a heroic spirit so she 'd just go back to the throne .
we get rama back on his feet and he asks where sister is .
we tell him she left and said he has to kill medb before they can meet back up .
he charges out of the dungeons screaming for medb 's blood .
coming up next time a fashion show goes bad robin hood discovers the internet and karna continues to wreck face .
as stated in the title i have many eevee and ralts breedjects i 'd like to trade for other 5-6iv pokemon d i could also breed a fennekin audino feebas lapras vulpix marill shroomish or electrike if anyone would be interested in those .
most of them also have really random nicknames so let me know if you 'd like me to change it to something specific .
also feel free to request gender although both are mostly males and abilities for ralts synchronise and trace for eevees run away and anticipation .
anything else i 've forgotten to mention just ask and i 'll see what i can do !
now as for pokemon that i 'm looking for these are some that i 'm particularly interested in preferably with 4+ivs
though so feel free to offer even if your pokemon is n't exactly what i specified .
i 'm also wanting multiples of all the pokemon i have listed
even if you do n't have any pokemon on the list i 'm willing to consider anything with 4-6ivs since i love trading so offer up !
d also feel free to ask for multiple trades as well i 've got plenty of pokemon to go around !
so i know marie and miss bunny are the tsums that create magic bubbles but i have neither and yet my bingo cards show my last attempt at those tiles i got 2 .
is there a new tsum that creates magic bubbles and i just ca n't find it online ?
i have no idea how i got 2 in my last attempt and do n't know which tsum i ought to be using to get those levels completed .
i am new to cashrep but i have been following this section of reddit for the past month to learn how the real cash trading works and am well aware of scammers .
i am looking for high rep traders to deal with that is willing to help me start my cashrep .
gabriel agbonlahor will not feature for aston villa against chelsea after the club announced an investigation into his conduct while on holiday in dubai .
adama traore and jack grealish are available for the first time since january after recovering from respective foot and ankle injuries .
chelsea forward diego costa has had an extra game added to his current ban .
radamel falcao could be involved for the first time since october after overcoming a thigh injury .
chelsea have won seven of the last eight premier league meetings with the exception being a 1-0 away defeat two years ago .
the first goal has been scored in the opening 15 minutes in six of their last eight encounters .
frank lampard becomes chelsea 's all time top goal scorer at villa park in 2013 https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=rrpv7tj51wy
nicolas anelka scores the winner in hiddinks first game as chelsea manager https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=c6tb6ledboa
will i ever be able to reply to messages via what 's app again
i followed the steps from the http grav.wikia.com/wiki/dedicated_server thing .
when i load up the game ... . my screen is blacked out and i have like this play-doe lookin character .
what is going on and how can i fix this ?
kars heard of edward cullen found him to be an abomination he goes fights him .
i 'm curious if anyone knows what happens when you refund a champion when you have ownership required '' things on that champion like skins or lvl 5 mastery .
since the game wont let you obtain either without owning the champion does refunding the champ after you 've gotten those things revert everything or just limbo it ?
it seems like c'thun decks are going to be the new starter decks '' of hearthstone .
everybody will have c'thun the decks will be easy to build and simple to play the win condition is clear to new players and most of the minions will have vanilla bodies nothing too confusing .
all of the cultists reference c'thun '' in their card text .
if c'thun had a fancy title like c'thun the watcher '' or c'thun dr. eyeballs '' then there would be two options either write c'thun 's entire name in the text of all the cultist cards or have a disconnect between the two .
since many people playing c'thun decks will probably be newer players blizzard probably does n't want to add an unnecessary layer of confusion .
hell these newbies already have 18 deck slots to juggle .
if it 's any help i saw it last on xnxx.com .
edit it was raining outside l hence her taking her clothes off .
hi i read in the posting guide that talking helps .
i hope it does because the pain frequently is too hard to handle .
two weeks ago my wife 28f has confronted me 31m with the wish to divorce .
it was/still is a groundshaking experience where all foundations i build my life on were destroyed or at least badly damaged .
during those years we battled a lot of life 's worst together .
her depression being in a bad job almost losing my family over a dispute .. .
nevertheless it was always me and her against the world so i could take whatever punch they threw at me .
after we bought a house together 5 years ago our next focus was to marry .
in her opinion things started to crumble after that .
i was focused on her wishes to improve the house .
our kitchen needed an update our bathroom as well windows and doors.. all very practical things that were very important to fix as soon as the money was there .
in the beginning she followed that idea mainly because it was her who was struggling with the fact money did n't come in fast enough .
she started to see a whole new world where children were a must have .
suddenly our plans were worthless and not important anymore .
she felt the need for a kid and did n't take into account my purely practical disagreements .
i 'm so furious about the way she has handled the whole thing .
she knew i was in a bad spot because of work .
she knew how i always think in a practical way without using a lot of emotion .
she knew how i hated change and how i react when it 's being forced upon me .
now she 's convinced that i do n't want children and that she ca n't continue this life .
i can understand that she got to that conclusion but i refuse to believe it 's what i want .
i do n't think i do n't want kids .
i just wanted to have a comfortable life first where the 2 of us would be happy and without worry .
my whole world was built around her my best friend and she just smashed it as if it was just a useless fly .
i keep thinking about the wife she used to be and the great times we used to share and it hurts so bad .
why did she walk away from it so easily ?
i ca n't even think about my own future now .
i never had to get used to silence in the house .
the loneliness that will come when she leaves will tear me apart .
lex 's theme is very much inspired by it .
those are some big questions that can have really long answers but i 'll help where i can !
it 's not my category and i have no idea how sales are with those types of items .
you set your shipping times but generally the quicker turn around time the better .
the application will ask you some pretty basic questions and it generally should n't take long to get approved .
i 've heard of people that have been initially rejected and submitted an appeal with success but have no personal experience with this .
unlike etsy there are no fees for just listing items .
starting august 1 there will be 40 a month fee plus the 12 plus the referral .
you currently can not sell supplies and patterns on handmade .
you can sell supplies via regular amazon with the same account however the entire set up for listings fee schedules required information etc .
amazon has so many ins and outs and you absolutely can not get into it expecting it to act like etsy .
take time to familiarize yourself with seo keywords pay per click advertising fba vs merchant fulfillment and seller metrics .
if you apply and are accepted read through seller forums and get a handle on things before you start .
do n't overwhelm yourself with trying to learn and do everything at once .
etsy sales are currently 20 of what i bring in on a monthly basis on amazon but i know most seem enjoy the opposite success .
watched this game as soon as the heat game was over ... .
i knew the streak had to end by someone but why does it have to be celtics..
i was in there last year and took a bunch of pictures .
granted i think i only saw maybe 2 people but i did n't see anything posted asking not to take pictures .
do n't spend the money straight out and first figure out how you like to play eve .
spend isk on one type of ship you like and skill up into it then go fight .
get an astero and start to explore data and relic sites .
once you get a feel for what you want you can better focus on how to play the game you want .
brad stevens and this team have such a high ceiling .
skidrow replied to my comment on his website he says he making progress on denuvo there 's no way the site is n't the real deal .
when is far cry primal going to be cracked ?
this is pathetic how can even adr1ft be using denuvo it 's an indie game ffs also i 'm sick and tired of filling in stupid surveys and the latest denuvo cracks still do n't work .
i 'm not going to trust 3dm again i sat there for 3 hours stuck at 99 and now apparently the crack is supposed to be fake .
edit i had to get the u and the o the right way around in denuvo .
update for all the downvoters please take a look at my profile and other replies a lot of people know me and i assumed by writing lol !
at the end that people would had realised that this was a joke .
not sure how he got away with that play on johnson
i 'm digging the playoff atmosphere but i 'd rather just win the chip .
i think there were some bad calls at the end .
but the only two big ones to me were against the celtics .
you misunderstand he has 490 million fossiles that are a year old .
can i know how long did it take you to do this ?
matt last two words of 2015 were end quote ''
they were a gift one for each day of christmas .
you should include more spots in your next videos.dont make it as shaky and include a bit more poses of you just chilling looking off somewhere or walking down a street with something cool in the background.other then that it 's good emphasize that style more though .
a one piece slice of life spin-off series would be amazing .
thanks for the recommendation i just purchased a 9.7 '' ipad pro and narwhal is amazing !
frankly there has been very little that i would take from your points as credible .
so if it makes you feel better someone else from reddit is n't shaping my opinion .
i dont know what the fuck you are talking about and i dont know what a deemsters kek is but it sounds like some place in yorkshire that one would like to with the dogs on a good solid british sunny day .
drone strikes account for significantly fewer civilian casualties than conventional bombing runs .
oh shit right i only just realised it 's roos and woosh like old times .
am i alone in not being totally sold on american alpha ?
gable is a gifted ring technician but jordan still feels like just a hot tag and just feels like a memorized sequence of moves .
that being said i lool forward to him proving me wrong if he does .
i feel like dash and dawson are a great cornerstone to build the tag division around and feel like alpha could have lost to them the first time round then overcame on the rematch .
i could be wrong but i 've been raising guinea pigs for a very long time .
the enjoyment of the game varies on who you 're playing with i feel .
i could see this shit in portland as a hipster trend .
it 's not like i sing songs in front of the mirror .
how should i win it 's not like i have all of p ! nk 's albums how silly of you to think that !
early facebook user in college and it 's something he said when he was basically a kid .
just cause he said it then does n't mean that 's their philosophy and mantra
i ca n't believe they did n't give the celtics the timeout or that they did n't call the foul when green just jumps on top of amir .
i am here for both i support blizz and overwatch looks like a blast .
god damn you got me man wooo best prank of the day
there 's a dog in costa rica that does a multiple waterfall trip ... . by it 's self no pics ever ... ...
this photo does n't belong in a top spot ... . lol dog joke ... . reddit is not what is was hate me truth
sounds like there will need to be a new entry in the 'legacy ' section of this wiki page https en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/senator you 27re_no_jack_kennedy
shh let them think they 've somehow escaped the evil grip '' of the company by being too stupid to install ghostery .
assuming it was islamic terrorism anyone thought to be remotely islamic would be in concentration camps and it would be lockdown and martial law .
they did n't give a flying fuck about tolerance anymore they just wanted to feel safe like something was being done .
and i think that would pale in comparison to the reaction to a nuclear terrorist attack .
yeah i 'm not even sure he gave any of the wrestle kingdom matches 5 stars even though personally there were 3 that could have been .
yes but this could be an actual unimaginative droll everyday headline .
they could 've done way better given the insane material at hand .
i 'm sorry but i expect more from the onion .
steelers traded back and took hargrave in the 3rd 69 overall .
chicago 's south side is n't called chiraq for no reason ...
there is a huge problem with gang violence in inner cities that far too many people just do n't care about at all .
except fries i make at home i 've not found any to challenge in-n-out fries .
and making fries at home is really not worth the trouble .
my parents live in the same neighborhood so i hear as the owners of in-n-out and every time i go visit them i have an urge to track down the owners to get a franchise agreement to open one in mn .
in houston we spent 3 billion to widen just 20 miles of one freeway i-10 from downtown to katy ...
not only do they have tunnels but they have boats too and we have a pretty large coastline .
more vigilant boarder security will work combinred with eliminating incentives to come like making them unhirable by fining companies that hire them rejecting their applications for basic aid and citizenship eliminating the anchor baby rule etc .
if it 's to work i 'd say communism needs to be run by a computer but that 's just crazy .
any examples of what else this process can be used for ?
what useful information can be found through this method ?
looks like you 're wanting to start a prediction thread on the season 6 finale !
please head over to our main prediction thread here https redd.it/4alhvt to discuss your ideas !
if you feel this was removed in error please message the mods for review .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/thewalkingdead if you have any questions or concerns .
well i live in a country where you 're given 3 months ...
this is just an excuse that does n't make him look as bad .
if a real jailbreak comes soon i will eat my words .
waitwaitwait ... loot crate had the multipass back in january plus a replica of leeloo 's id .
i honestly thought i was having a flash-back for a second .
you should definitely go for a standard rhyme scheme like abab because stories such as this one go with the ballad form with tetrameteres aka 8 syllables in one line .
well back in my day it was being denied ti-84s .
they incorrectly checked no for bodily injury to another ! ... ..
russia is incredibly interested in opening trade deals in botswanna as well as investing .
russian/lithuanian automotive company ardis motors is very interested in opening a factory in botswanna at the location of botswanna 's choosing .
they request it to be located near an area with easy access for shipping .
edit google informs me that this is actually what the rest of the world calls minced/ground beef .
that and it was ridiculously unrealistic for the purpose of creating ridiculous melodrama .
once i saw that the 10qv mega buck was n't going to happen i stopped .
we 've got to ship a new native update which is going out with a lot of other bugfixes .
i have no eta on this one but i 'd say within the next week or so .
there 's a little ambiguity as child can be used a synonym for offspring .
like a 73 year old woman who has 8 children .
you 'll need to ask my dear aunt margaret for hers .
proof that hill does n't know that the internet does n't forget even if she can keep pretending she does n't know what the people are asking her .
time and again she pretends she does n't know what they are referring to tries to hide the truth and worst case scenario throw in a distracting lie and point fingers at bernie .
too late to do anything after the sign is posted .
had a monster house built right beside mine took up most of the lot .
but i am not allowed to build a oversize garage the rules are fucked up .
get the cracked red eye orbs from the npc in firelink shrine get a tongue from invasions or somewhere else return get a key it will open a door somewhere close to where the alive dragon is in the first area do n't remember 100 sorry there will be a darkwraith who you will kill for the red eye orb
oh i know honey i have this account under my friends list lol
i 'm glad you think so but this is so much !
no i have a particular type of crib that i need to do this with
corporations take note this is how you do april 1st .
because its got that bit of reality in it that you ca n't get anywhere else .
this is a topic that deserves a whole book but i will give you the best travel tips i learned
pack only things you are willing to carry up 7 flights of stairs .
it is better to go shopping for some forgotten essential that lug around extra weight .
laundry services in asia are really cheap and wonderful .
hostels are amazing but learn the lingo before you book .
a 'party ' hostel is a great place to meet people but a shitty place to sleep .
ask other travelers what is cool nearby and what they would not want to miss .
the best things i saw were recommended by random people i met .
eat everything that fits within whatever dietary rules you follow .
it is completely possible to stay vegetarian halal kosher paleo whatever .
but if it is something new that follows all your rules try it .
shaved ice with grass noodles red beans and coconut cream may sound gross but it is food of the gods .
99.99999999 of people are wonderful but do n't be an idiot .
losing your credit card while out clubbing is stupid but doing that more than once shows everyone you meet that you are a complete moron .
seriously i have no idea how some people made it as far as they did .
if even idiots who regularly lose their credit cards and passports survive traveling so can you .
singapore/malaysia for the food thailand for the atmosphere and the everything laos to chill the fuck out or do a wide variety of exciting drugs your call .
korea to see a modern asian country that does not rely on tourism for jeju island in south korea is one of the most beautiful places i have ever been .
japan to try and figure out how one country can be so completely modern and still not use email for anything .
outside of the big cities it is still pre-internet .
road trip across the usa to get a sense of just how freaking big the country is .
i have been all over and the one thing i am certain of is this the world is very big and i am very small .
if i am going to experience even a fraction of it i had better go see .
i that latte as delicious as i think it is ?
i have n't been able to try it because i have gd and they do n't have a sugar free version of the syrup .
plus that much milk usually spikes my blood sugar and i 'm strongly considering asking my first hospital visitor to bring me one after the baby arrives .
that 's not going to get you very far .
well we did score that goal that got called off in the third against the sens ...
yeah and if he listens to you the team composition is still shit because you want your favorite heroes .
the orthopedic shoes in the old ladies section of nordstrom can sometimes look surprisingly cute
true it is comical how the books just explode though
it only takes a few seconds to see who 's playing .
anything deeper like add drops i 'll glance at couple times a week before bed if i 'm bored
oh well shit i thought we were actually breaking trail on issues that affected the health of millions of women while in fact it was an incomplete story and the truth is special consideration is paid to women 's health issues while men are seen as disposable and this again proves it .
i remember when shoving money into all orifices of your gun was a thing .
what sucks the most is that at this point any timed '' playstation exclusive content is basically permanently playstation exclusive because the full destiny sequel will likely be out before the one-year timer is up .
i do n't know how anyone at bungie activision or sony can honestly claim this exclusivity is good for the community .
you did n't keep riding it till it stopped leaking like the guy i got my bike from .
seriously as a fit dude this guys jaw line makes me upset it went to waste for so long .
op i know he 's your dog but can i fucking have him please ? ? ?
sooo i 've been trying to piece out my adderall into 5 mg doses at a time roughly 90 minutes apart .
i mean it 's better than 20 mg twice a day but the medicine is just so uneven for me .
some days i take 5 mg and it 's too much making me feel jittery .
it 's been affecting my sleep a lot and my wife has said i 've been on edge '' ever since taking it .
the makers of vyvanse shrine has a program that can help pay for the cost of their drug so in going to go that route .
unfortunate but is rather get back to something more effective and dependable .
they 're complaining that they had an injured player and the revs played on .
game about to change for derozan now that the grindgod has to sit on the bench .
jason 's singers collection has to be his retirement fund .
it 's crazy how much money was on that table
today is fresh topic friday where only original takes on a topic or new topics are allowed .
http www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/21gmpn/mod_post_fresh_topic_fridays please note that this removal does not mean your post is not allowed on our subreddit .
you may repost this topic after ftf is over .
i read that even some of the works of davinci 's paintings are n't really cured yet .
if they want a medal they 'll have to travel back in time to wwii germany to get it .
they 'll get a gold one for having 4 kids and all the care and motherhood worship they could ever need .
i talked about fleury but that goalpost deserves the fleury treatment https twitter.com/marcpdumont/status/654079064735641600/photo/1 .
i suggest you get black ops 2 pretty sure you can get it on steam it might be a bit pricey but sooooo worth it best game i have played by far also if it 's too much money try to wait for a sale or a discount or even better you can get it from another site for way cheaper or even download the cracked version
the video skipptopp posted of the flyover a couple days ago .
psa learn to look around and check out other threads before asking a question thats been posted 50 times this week .
i 'm not sure on the exacts of what you 're looking for but this might help https answers.unrealengine.com/questions/248282/limiting-the-frame-rate.html
dude d i 've been sitting here laughing for like 5 mins .
this comment has been overwritten by an open source script to protect this user apos s privacy .
if you would like to do the same add the browser extension greasemonkey https addons.mozilla.org/en-us/firefox/addon/greasemonkey to firefox and add this open source script https greasyfork.org/en/scripts/10380-reddit-overwrite .
then simply click on your username on reddit go to the comments tab and hit the new overwrite button at the top .
this conversation makes it seem that because the a transsexual considers herself to be a woman it should be irrelevant to her partner .
but turn-ons and turn-offs are completely outside the scope of reason social niceties and social justice .
sex is the one place in life where your own personal preferences not those of others dictate who you interact with with and who you do n't .
lets discus the hard truth about whether or not a transgender woman is really a woman .
so they were a woman born in a male body .
they have taken steps to make that body fit to what they are on the inside .
however it does n't really make them a woman .
the body is still male their organs are not reproductive or functional .
their body would turn back into male if not for hormone therapy .
their dna is still male and they are still xy .
this may be insensitive but it 's the truth .
right now the changes transgender people can make to their bodies are superficial and artificial .
and people not wanting to have sex with them is not transphobic .
its sexual preference and sexual orientation which as you know is not a choice .
finished a great flight from pr to charlotte now waiting 4 hours until we board the plane to rva .
i seriously ca n't wait until i get to sleep in my bed .
hopefully u/balance07 broke into my house and made me a clean bed !
yes you honestly think he saw your sweating from his car pulled you over for that ?
if you honestly think he pulled you over because you are sweating then you are just digging for some bullshit validation that your rights were violated .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/movies if you have any questions or concerns .
if you can talk to a doctor every life has value .
if you want to pm me i 'll be available all weekend .
i 've been through some pretty hellish benzo withdrawals myself .
i did something similar with mine too matte black with the silver .
what are the phones that are going to continue working ?
i imagine phones like the nexus and moto x will still work .
as well as older generation flagship phones which are usually affordable will work
it 's like they looked for each individual letter on the alphabet translations and put it together ! ! !
what 's even more funny is the fact that all the other names on the list are genuine arabic names which they would have had to do some research on but then they translated it themselves to again spell them incorrectly hahahaha .
if he were any more of a drama queen he 'd be bawling where ahhh my dragons ? ! ? ! ''
well the degree is mechanical engineering with an emphasis on mechatronics and robotics .
no only he pushes out several novels a year he schedules in the time just to destroy your writing as well .
well half would go on a cheap generic wedding .
the extra money would go on things that i would actually keep after the wedding .
and a bit would go on catering so i do less myself .
i 'd recommend using the metro and going to downtonw/dubai mall area instead otherwise dubai airport is great and these 4 hours will pass really fast .
somehow i do n't those are the stats of someone who can beat the incursion .
a team with those stats could n't even beat a regular challenege mode mission
i was in group 2 kukupuko i think it took around 9 hours to build up .
actually now that you mention it a few bottle shops have started doing this recently .
i do n't know where you keep getting this 333,000 number from because it 's more like 1,327,210 .
here is a link to some reading for you .
i started out on the fence but the longer it went on the better it got until it won me over .
the only times i 've seen foreigners reference it is when they complain about the taste .
man when i find a room with two witches of hemwick i only want to cry ... oh my god i hate that enemy way more than the winter lanterns or the ballsack spiders..
i was thinking about staying in town a couple of weeks before i go searching for more luck in some outpost but maybe you have something to get me to the fast track ?
psa if you use a script to auto grow youre out of luck when reddit crashes during a merger .
strawman he is n't making the case that they should be included because he is saying that they should n't be excluded because .
sure it does its job super awesome on creating the cringe-ness but i judged it from comedy side .
it was mostly hit and miss for me but when it does hit it was great and when its not pretty meh .
so i rated it based on the overall comedy not cringe-ness from the episode i fully watched 1-7 and the rest are mostly skipped the cringey scene which was pretty much still maintained their formula and its a hit and miss for me .
and i rated it a 7 for a comedy that was a hit and miss for my taste and 7 actually stands as good '' as far as i know .
i dropped '' it because i did n't fully watched it i physically could n't get passed some cringey scenes and i wont slapped completed '' when i clearly did n't watched it completely .
but should i rate a series because it did its genre right or should i rate it based on the enjoyment i had ?
i 'm leaning toward the later because if i did the former lots of anime i disliked should have a 10 .
edit for your analogy it really does n't work in such simple manner .
there 's a lot of hot peppers types out there and if im going to score every one of them i would n't score based on if its hot or not .
i had to take my own preferences into account as well and theres a different scales on the hotness .
you stopped watching around the point her character became compelling .
i thought the show was trash and that ahsoka 's creation was a huuuuge mistake ... but someone convinced me to keep going and i 've got ta say seeing her character finally develop is one of the more rewarding experiences i 've had following a narrative in general let alone star wars .
someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit
footer if you follow any of the above links please respect the rules of reddit and do n't vote in the other threads .
mitch was the only one who immediately recognized emmet .
no i 've searched and panadeine can only be brought otc after being questioned and yes i am in australia
i would say keep an eye out for jtk/gmk and sa/dsa keycap groupbuys when they happen it 's fairly hard to acquire them outside of these buys .
the price of these may deter you but honestly you do get what you pay for when it comes to keycaps .
there 's a reason people are happy to wait months for these .
bear in mind though that the profile might not be for you something that might look really pretty aesthetically might feel terrible to you but this is really something you wo n't know until you try it first hand .
if you have no projects after a few years then it 's the same as dabbling for a few weeks to someone looking at your cv .
you wo n't have demonstrated any qualities that show you 'll be good in industry .
you hear a lot about people in this sub doing it without but you 'll be dooming yourself to sticking to pretty much just web dev a lower salary and a much harder time finding a job .
often the heart wants what it wants and it 's difficult to tell it otherwise .
you have to look down the road and determine if this relationship will really work long term .
personally i think this is an issue that wo n't go away .
it will continue to be an issue long after the initial honeymoon phase of the relationship .
if you feel for her then cutting bait and running will be emotionally very painful .
but honestly for your long term happiness it 's probably the best option .
this is a decision you 're going to have to come to yourself .
the clubs in the epl made a combined profit of almost 5 billion dollars last year
brandon routh was superman and now plays atom in legends of tomorrow .
if you 're not part of the chat and wan na watch it die click here for the stream http www.twitch.tv/rakki9999111
there disney goes again using something they did n't create to pay one of their actors that was grossly underpaid for a character he brought to life .
live in nky nave frequented both would say louisville is much more liberal than lexington .
i just do n't think a generated experience will ever be as satisfying as a curated one .
this could be the most important thing you do this decade .
she then got swept off the airship by the wind but thankfully still had her umbrella to parachute down .
bloodshot comes out next year has the director of john wick attached iirc .
oh i did n't realised i was being racist .
so being blessed means you can walk on water like jesus .
i do n't like hamilton but i wo n't stoop to that .
i do n't think that 's really where it belongs i always thought it should be its own section on the left side of the treeview under queue .
plus if you move it then you now have an even bigger list of games and apps instead of just games or just apps .
'whinging pom ' is a common turn of phrase in australia which is what i think he was getting at .
it only really comes up in banter and referring to england in sports mainly cricket or rugby .
pushback against your opinion therefore everyone was trying to silence my opinion ''
they say there were idiots on both side of the patch dialogue . ''
you hear everyone in this community is an idiot '' .
every community has loud idiots get over it and stop putting everything in extreme boxes .
if the overwhelming majority was circlejerking how the game was fine post patch then funnily enough that probably would n't have been a circlejerk it would have been popular opinion .
ty nant 's welsh it translates into the house on/by the stream .
i think sahti is brewed without hops but it is n't easy to find .
you could commission a batch from a local brewery ?
to be fair when you 're reusing so many assets it gives you more time to throw in unique '' variants .
ati was consumed by eternal glory amd so you should correct your post to glorious amd .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/ayymd if you have any questions or concerns .
how can it correct a mistake if it never makes them ?
as a general thing i 'd say rpgs are games where roleplaying your character is a core and expected part of the game rather than just something you can do . ''
in addition to that all rpgs i 'm aware of require a large degree of case-by-case adjudication and making stuff up '' by someone beyond just applying fixed rules whereas board games i 'm aware of have more comprehensive strict rules .
let 's not pretend that if keith was on a non playoff team they would n't have given him 10 games with the remainder going into next season .
the suspension is only so low because he 's on a playoff team specifically the one that brings in the most money .
clealry the two farmans teamed up on cleyton too scared to take him 1 on 1 ... or cleyton 's shit
i got the mirror locally from http www.mirror-glass-processing.com who are a local company around 10 miles from me .
and to answer that question i 'm not entirely sure i 've just recently bought some felt and i 'm going to use some of the remaining wood to encourage any users to hopefully use that rather than risk scratching or damaging the glass .
in the case of your friend it may be worth asking for a small sample with the purchase or emailing the company in advance of the order the company i used even offered to help me build it after a few emails .
this is another scary possibility i never thought of ...
i wonder how the fault will be established by the insurance companies or police .
true but you just said i wrote egos i did n't .
as i said i just had the apostrophe incorrectly placed which was more than likely a typo .
you wrote ego 's '' then changed it to egos ' '' both are incorrect .
you do not use an apostrophe to make a word plural .
sure but before we part i 'm also going to rib you a little bit about incorrect apostrophe usage in this post as well .
might get to a point where we have a chance ... ... then we will bottle it .
i experience a lot of people who have problems due to the thrill of pvp '' .
cycled it one after another and seemingly also had better aim they barely loose any health after the sticky bomb .
this makes it very easy to fight outnumbered in the division generally .
the general fighting mechanics are incredibly simple but keeping it calm aiming for the head and calmly use the correct skills is the way to easily win 90 of all fights .
avoid enemy 's ults and flank them from multiple angles etc .
and use of special ammo and nades incendiary ammo stun nades are gold and nearly guarantee kills !
you can put your winning percentage close to 100 if your opponent does not oneshot .
hm i do not think it had any major problems but it certainly felt sluggish .
the first level was n't really enjoyable because it just did not feel responsive .
for example in the first fight i hovered over the different attacks and it took at least half a second for the button to be highlighted .
i believe it got better in level 2 at least when there were fewer than 4-5 characters on screen .
i think the game had some framedrops which were mainly noticeable during the combo minigames that was especially bad since i missed the combo quite a few times .
your game was fine gameplay wise the second level felt much better than the first .
did you understand/enjoy the story/cut-scenes up to this point ?
in the beginning i tried to keep up with the story but in the end i was really not interested in what was happening .
that 's probably not your game 's fault but i just do n't care for story in most games .
english is not my mothertongue but some of the lines you were using felt odd .
maybe you could get a native english speaker to go over them .
as stated before i believe it got better in battles that had fewer characters .
but the problem was also present in the load-out screen the one before going on an encounter .
the text in the main battle ui is very small especially the health mana bar .
the combo minigames had stutter mainly when i clicked so bars in quick succession were hard to click
i really wanted to know how many hp my enemies had .
even being able to see that only at the beginning of a battle would have been helpful .
the second level was much more compelling than the first one but maybe just because it featured fewer characters and was thus more responsive .
i liked the 'choose one of three chests ' at the end of level 2
the rock-paper-scissors combat system is pretty neat and makes it easy to get into the game .
the game ended after level 2 but you said you had 3 levels available .
i think in the open market the price just goes up
the us election is important to more than just the us .
think for example of the whole going green '' and global warming situation .
right now it 's undecided but i have reason to believe she wo n't be indicted .
establishment democrats would n't have pushed out o'malley god bless his attractive face early .
obama and other establishment dems would be scrambling to put out another candidate if they had reason to believe she was going to be indicted .
if obama thought for a second that hillary stood a good chance of getting indicted he 'd have torpedoed her candidacy months ago and made sure others stayed in the race .
he cares more about his legacy and the dem party than he does about hillary .
that said you never know new evidence could emerge and she could still be in trouble .
but based on the known evidence it 's clear the establishment thinks there 's little to no chance of indictment .
she should go back with her people in arkadia if they do n't want to make her lose her identity but i do n't want her to be the ultimate hero who makes the hardest decisions is betrayed abandoned carry out massive killings gets traumatized carries all the burden on her shoulders like jesus but always always gets away with what she wants .
i want her to be human flawed and believable and not a sort of supergirl .
my pool had no removal in it as well but i had arlinn kord as my promo and i got to flip a westvale abbey one game so i still managed to go 2-1-1 split last match since opponent wanted to go home .
usually sketches like this have a terribly written ending where something wacky or over the top happens .
i do n't want people to know i do this the only one who knows is my friend i talk to on the internet
when you say syria 's legitimate government '' do you mean the foreign shia jihadists like iran and hezbollah russia
i do n't think they have any legitimacy to call themselves the legitimate government of syria unless that was a recent development ?
i do n't think anyone ever referred to the syrian government as a shia militia .
these are taihao abs which do n't have the coating fortunately .
i have a feeling the gallery will be 50 or 60 for a short game at which point i 'll be waiting to pick it up or at least waiting for some reviews .
i love the teleportation method they 're using where you can see your room bounds before you actually teleport .
great juxtaposition against the wicked boat chase that is happening .
i too would use a 1 card 4 mana kill combo .
haha ... thanks for that you have ruined my holiday
what are your top 5 things to do in your area of france ?
i do not want him to burn it all down i happen to live dove valley .
not sure how they won that much money in a shitty drugtown but hey just buy it and then buy the means to clean it up .
where did you see that we would have 12mil in dead money ?
pretty sure that 's not at all how that would work .
unnecessary aggressive behavior it 's probably just his connection works just fine on my pc thanks
i find as well as many other lovers of history his work both informative and entertaining .
0 interest in continuing this comment thread with you i dont see it leading to good places as your comments have a condescending and rather toxic theme to them .
in my third year of vaping and have zero breathing problems now .
they take notes during games so they can have something to talk about in between the games .
i 'm much too eager and popped this about 30 min after i posted .
hi wizyakuza this is posted on all fanart submissions so if you 've already done what i 'm about to ask please ignore me !
the name of the anime the fanart is from .
a link back to the original artist consider using saucenao http saucenao.com to find them .
if not please edit your post with the needed information .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/anime if you have any questions or concerns .
those are two reasons why i think the sam raimi spiderman movies the first two are vastly underrated .
number three ruined that franchise in everyone 's memory but the first two and especially the second were brilliant .
they were goofy at times but they did n't half know how to do a super hero movie with an actual super hero .
that train scene that you described is in my top fifty favourite moments of cinema and weirdly enough directly inspired the part of my article that you quote .
it 's just so simple and dare i say it nice .
and i get that the colourful spiderman is a far cry from the gloom of zack snyder 's work but that does n't mean it has nothing to offer .
still should n't load the bases via walks though .
lol fuck off and mute it then dont like the atmosphere mute it
this thread appears almost every day and sometimes i do n't even notice it is a new one .
sky remnant is a real-time strategy rpg focusing on exciting airship and drone combat custom ship crew growth and management and ship building and upgrading via items and schematics .
today we have a preview of what it looks like to browse through possible crew candidates on the candidate board inside taverns .
crew members will have randomized names and appearances and will come in multiple experience levels which determine their starting skill level and cost to hire .
goalie elliot bishop get ragged on a fair bit i think .
could not care less about this movement '' it is hilarious when adults take video games this seriously so they start some movement '' d
here 's a bright idea instead of buying a bunch and trying to sell for profit just buy however many you need in the first place and we would n't have this problem
that one was on livingstone after swich he was guarding it .
while it would be nice to have a job you love doing i do n't see the problem with treating a job like a job .
that 's the only question fans need to ask themselves .
and then you yes you can help run our country even further into the ground !
well for the same reason that you can say a basketball team will throw a 20 point lead and lose the game .
the fact is that having a big lead creates pressure on your opponent and allows you to play a slower controlled style of gameplay in any sport in order to secure a win .
ovee the years mcdonalds gave me a lot of pounds .
and she shuffles on behind arms wrapped around herself .
she wo n't admit it but she 's excited to finish the rest of the goblet of fire .
still it would have been nice to see it succeed or fail on its own merits or lack thereof rather than being predestined to fail by being used as a promotional tool for a service most people are n't going to want .
to succeed in the face of that it will have to be very good tv indeed .
edit btw roddenberry had a great vision but he wrote terrible television http thiswastv.com/2012/08/29/same-as-it-ever-was-star-trek-after-gene-roddenberry .
the display on the hp is an higher quality ips panel .
dell uses on the dell inspiron 17 5000 a tn panel with bad viewing angles and worse colour reproduction compared to the hp .
if you do n't mind a slightly smaller display 15.6 inch you could get something better for less like the asus n551vw-fw258t http www.saveonlaptops.co.uk/n551vw-fw258t-asus-n551vw-fw258t_1868709.html .
for me one of the best scenes i 've seen on tv was in true blood when vampire lord russell edgington suddenly appeared behind a news anchor on a standard tv broadcast and ripped his spine out through his back .
oh for sure but when people say jensen is better they mean right now when he was better .
i still agree with you on bjergsen being better overall but jensen had many spectacular games this split .
i 'd settle for snappable junk fences and the ability to place doors anywhere ...
they came up with an amazing strategy and have been a force on the map .
yep just found this to be true on my new experimental save game .
still looking for all of the mobile vehicle bay fragments so i can feel better with the seamoth .
already ran into the reaper leviathan twice but luckily could hide under some wreck metal and get away when it turned .
the seaglide and solar panels are essential early game so i 'm just happy they did n't make those hard to find .
but the mobile vehicle bay is proving more difficult atm and getting frustrating .
it should be one of a select few fragments you find on the seabeds instead of just inside wrecks ... because now there is less reason to scour the different biomes ' seabeds .
at least i have already noticed my behavior changing due to the fragments being only inside wrecks
it 's hard to know for sure when they keep doing it so well but i genuinely think they 're trying to enrage smarks to get the boos as loud as they possibly can tomorrow so that they can use it for whatever their plans are .
i genuinely ca n't think of why else they would be running promos constantly for roman and the main event during nxt events .
or doing all these interviews where he 's telling people that they 're wrong to not like him and they should just suck it up .
so they 're either intentionally or unintentionally making people feel obligated to boo as loud as they can rather than sit on their hands .
i 've been doing a bit of asian lately but my bbq will forever be my baby !
it was driving me nuts that after an hour i could n't leave the current room of 8 .
that 's interesting as i 've never used black currant .
i used pear frome the same folks and it was most certainly ammoniated .
i went to the honolulu one a few weeks ago .
it was ok but because of permits most of the beers were in bottle and not taps ... kind of defeating the purpose .
also we got the vip tickets which were well worth it because it was so crowded later on in the night .
overall fun but not sure i 'd do this one again .
hopefully the permit issue was because we 're so far from the mainland .
unfortunately your submission has been removed for the following reason s
this is old news that was originally announced when the 2015 financials were released .
please see the full list of rules on the wiki r/nintendo/wiki/about/rules
if you have any questions or concerns please message the moderators https www\.reddit\.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fnintendo subject=about my removed submission message=i 'm writing to you about the following submission https www.reddit.com/r/nintendo/comments/4d2wb4/nintendo_invested_527_million_in_rd_in_fy_2015 .
right that 's more concerned with principles and processes of education in those courses you 're going to learn about the education side of things .
they will generally not give you the content knowledge needed to teach the course .
alex waited for the girl to fall asleep entirely before standing up and leaving the room the same small smile still on his face as he did.
i guess it 's impossible to differ between the associated memories and the actual smell .
i mean the original series is still very nostalgic for a lot of people so i think a special that features all of ash 's past traveling companions and pokemon would be very cool to see .
as nurse educator i think for our profession we need to teach leadership skills early on and support the tranformation of nursing !
we could arrange that that is the point of this post .
this was so me and then i realised that it was mostly all at 50 you can get the high end vector at 30 from the guy in the boo
the wall was a fantastic episode and i would put it in my top 3 .
i just like hardhome so much better becuase it finally introduces how big of a threat the white walkers are .
i thought it was the greatest thing ever when i first read it .
stormlight were my first sanderson books and have since read everything he 's written ... . and most of the stories are the same overarching idea set to different backdrops .
not that he 's a bad writer and i still like his work for the most part but the whole conflicted yet ultimately good hero that suddenly comes into his power at the last second to save the day is getting kind of old after the fifth time .
my half-sisters and me can communicate entirely without words or gestures .
we just know what the other one is thinking and it amazes people .
we also speak to our mother more like you talk to a friend than how you talk to a parent with no less respect though .
we may be struggling a bit but we do have ourselves .
the only good .gifs to come out of this match will be lloris matrix saves .
why do i get the feeling you are just f***ing with me ? ...
imagine the nba favoring a team with no superstar and that regularly played games that did n't go above 160 combined points .
the los angeles renting market has skyrocketed with interest rates over the last few months with no increase in wages but i 'm going to go sign a new lease today that does n't suck !
in general summoners are safe and cheap but the clear speed is slow imo .
you can search and try a summon raging spirits that is a good summoner build atm
it took me way too long to not confuse her with anne frank
if it breaks and you get a baby then you can use the rest of the bottle on an actual baby .
however your submission https www.reddit.com/r/sandersforpresident/comments/4d28f9/anything_happening_in_nyc_in_the_next_couple_days did not meet the requirements of the community guidelines https www.reddit.com/r/sandersforpresident/wiki/rules and was therefore removed for the following reason s
rule 6 submissions which provide little content or in-depth material are considered low productive such as unsubstantial text posts or link posts to text conversations screenshots memes photos or other low content material .
if you have any specific questions about this removal please message the moderators https www\.reddit\.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fsandersforpresident subject=about my removed submission message=i 'm writing to you about the following submission https www.reddit.com/r/sandersforpresident/comments/4d28f9/anything_happening_in_nyc_in_the_next_couple_days .
hateful or vague messages will not receive a response .
female guardians should sit the same exact way as males .
i 've passed gas mask integrity tests with a beard .
it 's got to be a carefully trimmed beard not a ramshackle but it passes .
tell them they have 3 days to respond our you are going to file a dispute .
you have to get the b s pin too .
i know its still possible but it makes something like this much less likely .
that 's the whole reason ncsoft asks you for a pin .
you 've lost 9lbs in a month which is quite a bit .
as for the visual results and bodyfat how are you doing your cut ?
your weight loss suggests you 're eating well below tdee .
it 's very possible to lose muscle mass with a drastic cut especially if you 're not giving your body any reason to keep/add muscle mass .
if you lose muscle mass in addition to fat your bodyfat may very well keep steady .
so i guess we 'd need more info to pinpoint the problem .
tdee caloric deficit what kind of activity you do lifting routine etc .
you should have him play call of duty advanced warfare with you .
i think their secrecy is more about how much artillery they have pointed at seoul and where it 's entrenched though .
honestly that 's the most threatening thing about north korea .
they do have the ability to wreck one of the world 's economic centers before anyone could respond
the gmo labeling really is n't like that at all though .
there 's a big difference in labeling something this has been modified '' and this has been modified and may cause some sort of ill effect ''
no he means 1337 leet so he ca n't extract more because it would n't be 1337 if he did any more extractions .
hell i think his dick might be ripped off due to how hard they 're jerking
i 'm going to get the same tile for my kitchen .
the lesson is if you complain and get crazy enough you get a reward d
well perhaps a hand on one and my face on the other ?
the promise of kathleen wynne was she was n't tim hudak .
i thought this was a death sub didnt realize it was a deleted sub .
unfortunately your submission has been removed for the following reason s
if you feel this was done in error please contact the moderators here https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fdoctorwho .
she was comparing having fantasies about men to rape .
if that 's your comparison maybe the reason you do n't want to admit you like men has to do with your fear of them and fear of your own fantasies about men .
oh no ... .the worse monster of all is coming ... ..the grammar police !
lol i hear ya really excited to see malaa live too .
hopefully if i can get deep enough and crouch reasonably i should be ok find me in the crowd for a show !
very fast paced tunnel crawling arena maps chaotic twitch gameplay .
your post has been removed for containing untagged book spoilers .
tag your spoilers and message the mods and we can reapprove your post .
i 'm sorry i 'm a guy but i 'd still like to comment on this please .
i do n't like cheese so i would thrive in a word without cheese .
now playing f only the mayo would go too .
sorry usually everyone likes cheese so i had to take my chance .
i could see a problem with the interval not changing with the rate .
i know long qt increases the risk of r on t .
yeah i think the author remade the falkreath models because he was n't happy with his first try and they turned out really nice but the dawnstar and winterhold architecture looks a bit dull quality wise as also not really nordic '' .
one would think that the winterholdruins would look relative similar to windhelm .
but hey a single person made nearly all of this so hard to critize .
i hope that other seasoned modellers and texture artist will offer their help as this mod is really what skyrim needed .
i 'll admit that this story got my blood boiling .
you do n't take the puck from a teammate without communication .
you certainly do n't taunt lower level skaters ever .
you treat everyone with respect and you pay the respect you should have gotten from better players when you were learning forward by teaching the next generation and setting them up for success .
you do n't really go full force on someone who is much worse than you .
they will never learn if they do n't get to touch the puck .
dude is an asshole and should n't be in that league .
lmao i saw some cheerleaders outside on the drive here that 's rough
you run vanilla skyrim through the executable drop-menu on the top-ish righthand corner of
it is the same place you should run skse through when using mo if you want it to manage your mods .
if all of this sounds really new to you gopher on youtube has a series of videos dedicated to learning to understand mo that i suggest watching .
they are quite long but they have been immensely helpful to me when i first started out with mo .
bruh 😂 just reading that got me a little stressed
my only dream is to have a keeper that makes opposition fans feel the way i do seemingly every fucking week .
surely that 's totally illegal anyway you 're not allowed to have passengers in the back of a van like that are you ?
any army standing on other soil without first agreeing with its rightful owner is fucking occupation .
just like russia is occupying georgia or nato in serbia or whatever .
the room for heatsink and batteries is the important part but the bottom of that thing is pretty big .
i do n't know specifically about bluetooth but you can get a tiny wifi-capable microcontroller for 4 .
using a chip with wireless so the phone can handle the controls makes enough sense and making a button trigger selfies is silly but essentially free .
like i said the only form of cardio i do n't hate is running
yeah i think it 's just a manifestation of low self-esteem where those type of people understand their flaws on a subconscious level but instead of having the self-actualization to work on them project them onto others as what those people need to bring to the table . ''
sometimes it seems like the bigger the flaw the bigger the disconnect .
in order to combat video spam you need to have more interaction with the r/csgo community 25 comment karma before posting youtube twitch links .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/csgo if you have any questions or concerns .
here 's the deal many of your objections to what i wrote have already been addressed by other commenters and i do n't see you credibly supporting yourself at all .
i 'm not willing to expend energy on a qualified response only to get the same hand waving floundering from you so instead i 'm going to bow out of this debate in which i do n't see any more use .
so in other words i have absolutely zero evidence to back up my claims so i 'll accuse you of being unethical .
send this video and an explanation to kevin spacey asking for a video that you can insurt into a movie to pop up and prank your friend .
assuming you 're legal age i 'll have a drink for you .
if you 're under 18 said drink is a juice box p
also my nmom does the same to me with every birthday or anniversary ... literally any special day she 'll find a reason to post an insanely mushy and overly loving post about me or my sisters and even husband then tag us in it even if like in your case we 've had no contact or communication for days before .
the sound forest would have been miserable for me had i not just tossed the audio into a spectrum analyzer which made the puzzles utterly trivial though i did end up having to look up the ship puzzle solution .
i knew how to solve it but i just could not figure out the order they wanted and the correct solution had a totally different order than i had come up with after hours of working on the puzzle .
after some parts of the hub the treehouses were probably the hardest set of puzzles for me but i actually enjoyed the area .
i honestly think the marsh/block puzzles were my least favorite .
generally i am useless at solving those by hand unlike most of the other puzzles .
for probably 90 of them i had to generate each puzzle in illustrator and try combinations of the shapes to get the solutions .
but it was n't really very interesting just tedious .
with only a couple exceptions after i put the puzzle in illustrator i could find the solution in 60 seconds or less .
that being said the final puzzle in that area i found really interesting .
also i have just fucking run out of patience for some of the environmental puzzles spoiler i know exist .
some of them take so fucking long to get just sitting there or putting along at speed 2 or less on the boat spoiler
i can lift him but it is kind of awkward to hold him .
my dog would start to roll in the air if i put him on the back like this .
i used to work for a local cities parks department .
you 'd be surprised how common it was for people to plant little pot farms in bigger public parks out in the woods .
i found one once ... let 's just say it was harvestable and perhaps i or some of my co-workers hypothetically took some plants home and let it dry .
we did have to call it in though because it was on some acreage we were clearing for a new facility .
the cops came and took out all and had to burn it .
recently where i live an officer got caught up in a serious scandal and was fired .
the state ended up dropping and/or pleading out to lessers quite a few cases in which he was the arresting officer .
the catholic church for all its failings has long tried to stay relevant within the society at large and has largely shaped societal movement in large parts of europe .
that is why is has such an identity crisis now that it can no longer easily do that .
i disagree i do n't think any human beings need to be taught .
we have seen what happens to social structure when there is no educational system .
it turns into kids being taught bad things by bad people .
not only does our system provide a safe place but it also prevents bad people from influencing children .
the base that some people need is how to effectively teach themselves .
they need to skills to observe and make their own judgements .
they need to be taught how to express themselves and how to argue their own ideas .
they need to be taught to make their own decisions .
i think all human beings are eminently capable of teaching themselves .
this isnt a perfect world and kids sometimes live in very disturbing environments .
they would then 'teach themselves ' as you say based on their hostile environment .
based on what they learn their whole belief system would be distorted in the sense that it is not a good representation of the real world .
some kids being in school is their only saving grace .
in a perfect world id agree somewhat with you .
but there is a reason the education system is what it is .
it needs to adapt and althought it isnt perfect now all that it has to do is adapt once again .
trains them not to learn or to think but only to accept what they are told .
again this is why i think philosophy and mindfulness should be taught that teaches them how to think .
what they are told is generally right when it comes to sciences .
when they are taught about history they are taught what has happened and the lessons we have learned .
they are taught that racism is wrong that we should respect one another .
when you get to highschool you are taught to argue your point and by university you are free to do whatever you want .
in university were you taught not to question and just accept ?
our system is fucking great and although there are negatives im not going to let them take away from the fact over how much resourses we allocate towards educating and helping others .
a picture of the firebat was included with a bunch of other blizzard characters that they said they want to add to heroes .
do you really think i would have a 500m bank just from stuff in the screenshots and not know how to make money ?
can someone recommend a carrying case/backpack for the ml08 from silverstone ?
we had some pretty strong winds here yesterday and my neighbor 's mini-shed tipped over into my house he did n't have it secured which is a separate issue we 'll be dealing with .
the impact broke a few pieces of siding but upon inspection i noticed it also tore crushed and broke about a 2x1 area of the house wrap and foam board sheathing .
this exposed the batted insulation in the wall to the outdoors i learned from this little incident that i do n't have wood sheathing on my exterior walls apparently this is commonplace in newer cookie-cutter homes ? .
i 'm only a diyer and i did n't investigate extensively but i do not believe there to be any structural damage .
there 's no indication of damage on the interior .
i 've temporarily taped up the hole with exterior-grade duct tape but i obviously need to deal with this asap to prevent long-term moisture issues .
the neighbor said he 'd take care of it '' but he only mentioned the siding i 'm not sure he 's aware there 's damage beyond that .
i do n't want to wait what will likely be months for him to get around to taking responsibility for this and i also do n't want the neighbor drama of constant confrontation i 've got to live next-door to these people for many years to come but i also do n't want to file a claim against my own insurance .
i 'm inclined to just fix everything but the siding myself and let him buy me new siding pieces .
cut out a square around the damaged wrap and foam board
re-install damaged siding weatherproof tape on underside and outside to seal the hole
just think of how many people will be begging for an avatar vr remake ...
it 'll get made and mass avatar depression syndrome will plague the world again .
i 've noticed that my video with lebron james has gone after updating to the newest android version .
do you know which previous gearvr apps are not supported by android 6.0 ?
i dabble with unity projects with a dk2 running the steamvr plugin on a sub-par pc i7 3770 and gtx 670 .
i am going to upgrade once my vive arrives but this is all i have now .
sometimes my unity projects dip below 75fps max frames for dk2 ... usually around the 60fps mark .
i know interleaved reprojection is meant to help when it hits 45fps but my projects are never that bad enough to dip to 45fps .
is there any way to force 45fps so that ir bumps it back up to 90fps ?
or is that just a silly thing to do ?
i have this ak and it looks really clean here are some screenshots
i did see another post like this but it was about half a year old .
selling my awp graphit 0,03 float with titan holo katowice´14
this happened to me my freshman year in highschool and lasted til last year .
some background information my parents are divorced and i lived with both of them at different times in my life .
i was living with my father going to a different school district when this started .
i was 14 or 15 and started at a new school i was n't too worried as i make friends fairly easy .
a week into starting i had made quite a few new friends and was meeting people through them .
now i was n't by any means popular and i was what you could call gothic .
a friend of mine was talking to this boy i had n't met before so she decided to introduce us .
we said our hello 's and my friend and i ended the breif conversation to headed to the last class of the day .
i started seeing this boy in nearly everywhere i was at school but wrote it off as he just wanted a new friend so i 'd talk to him .
his behavior changed as i got to know him better he was very touchy-feely always finding an excuse to hug me or brush his hands on my arms or hands .
i did n't want to be rude so i 'd just ignore him .
he started to become possessive of me and would act passive aggressive towards anyone i 'd be talking to or dating .
i decided to confront him when he managed to destroy a relationship i was in because that was crossing the line .
he proceeded to adamantly apologize and say that he was only looking out for my well-being .
i told him that while that 's nice of him i could handle doing that for myself .
i did n't hear much from him for a few weeks until i started getting strange messages from an unknown number and you guessed it it was him .
i asked how he had gotten my number why he was sending me pictures of me around town .
i did n't appreciate this level of creepy and told him that our friendship was over and that i did n't want to hear from him ever again .
the texts stopped and i did n't see him around anywhere and felt relieved thinking i had ended a bad situation that could 've progressively gotten worse .
unfortunately the peace did n't last long as i 'd see him riding his bike passed my house multiple times a day and even woken up to rocks being thrown at my window .
this pissed me off and i confronted him once again at school .
this time he reacted angrily saying that he loved me and that i had to stop ignoring him .
i told him to piss off and leave me alone .
the next two weeks only got worse as i got more and more texts containing pictures of me going around town with friends and even a picture of my boyfriend at the time and myself walking out of a local cafe and an angry texts causing me of cheating in him and other obscene insults .
i got manilla envelopes filled with angry letters and photos of me in my room .
he started showing up everywhere i went and coming up to me trying to hug me .
i had had enough and told my dad providing all the evidence .
he did n't take me seriously and said that i was only trying to get attention .
i told him that if he did n't believe me then i wanted to go back to live with my mother .
after a few weeks of arguing and a few court dates i was placed back into my mom 's custody the following year .
i believed that the horror i had gone through was finally over but 6 months later my happiness vanished as i got a text containing a picture of me in a local walmart with friends .
i blocked the number and my life went back to normal for the next few weeks .
it 's summer at this point and my friends and i decided to have a picnic at the lake downtown .
everyone decided we wanted ice cream so i said i 'd stay behind with all of our stuff and wait for them to get back .
i was all by myself for a good 5 minutes when he walked right up to me and said that he missed me .
i stood up and started to walk towards the ice cream shoppe and he grabbed my wrists preventing me from leaving .
i screamed and shoved trying to get away he was too strong so i brought my knee up and hit him in the family jewels and took off running .
i called the cops and took pictures of the bruises on my wrists .
i never came across him in person again but over the years i would randomly get messages on social media but i 'd just block him and eventually he gave up and left me alone .
hey there dpp back again always end up chatting with some interesting people .
so here we go again i 'm a guy married to a vanilla wife i love her and would never leave her but i have itches that need scratching .
my kink list is too long so for simplicity my limits are blood shit and extreme pain other then that everything is on the table .
just looking to chat maybe role play in the future with the right person .
preference goes to women but will talk to men .
come tell me your darkest kink let 's talk about it .
i 'm just about a level 1 gardening noob just somebody who loves plants and taking care of them but has bot yet dug deeper ahem into the background and theory behind them .
why i 'm posting today is because a number of years ago i bought a little peach tree about a meter and a bit high .
the first year it flowered and grew a number of little peaches .
however year after year it became less happy until last year when it seemed almost dead .
i have recently moved and found out the soil underneath the tree was a lot more rocky deeper down than i thought which my have been a large part of the problem .
so now so wants me to through the tree out but here 's the thing near the base of the plant there is a little branch/stem sprouting out vertically about 10/15 cm that is really trying his very very best .
the weather got better recently and while the whole tree seems barren of buds or leaves this little stem is now covered in flowers .
do i trim away most of the rest of the tree and replant the base with this little guy ?
or should i not touch it for the time being ?
and i was already on level 7 before i played i thought it would get to 35
my friend had me download a program a long while back which automatically downloaded over 100 ad related programs .
fake programs such as driver updates toolbars the absolute worst things you could possibly imagine .
i tried cancelling each download but it only got worse .
now its to the point where im running it in safe mode copying the files and basically restoring it .
i do not have a copy of windows 7 ultimate the os running on this toshiba satellite 2013 and i 'm not sure whether or not to format it completely buy a copy of windows 7 or what to do .
if i could get some recommendations here it would be extremely appreciated .
at 6 years old my father started sexually abusing me and at 7 years old he started trafficking me out to men .
i left home at 14 and started working as a prostitute .
i was off and on working at points until 5 months ago when i left sex work for good .
i 'll never be beautiful or pass and i 've been on hormones almost 11 months .
during my time on the street i became addicted to drugs and alcohol .
i 'm watching my younger sister kill herself on meth .
i 'm clean from drugs but i still drink heavily .
during my time on the streets i ended up in trouble with the law .
i have an assault record which means i basically ca n't get a job .
i have complex post traumatic stress disorder major depressive disorder and borderline personality disorder .
i 've lost friends my fiance from before i came out died from cancer and my best friend shot himself .
my older sister hates me and says i 'm an abomination and wo n't let me see my nephews and niece .
april 29th is my birthday and that 's the day i plan on killing myself .
my plan is to cut my femoral artery in the bath tub .
i have no support network or friends i can really talk to .
it 's not that i want to be in pain or even to die .
i 've attempted suicide in the past but lately i 'm becoming more resolute in this decision .
i want to get a bit more active and swimming seems to fit my needs at the moment .
i used to go to cleveland high school in reseda but if anyone knows of one closer to the granada hills area or any at all it would be awesome .
thanks in advance and i hope you are all having a beautiful sunday .
i was wondering if you guys can help me with something .
i currently have 4 events scheduled at once with the month '' layout .
i can see 3 of them stacked on one another but the last one is hidden .
if i switch to a different layout such as work week '' i can see the 4th event just a little bit .
is there any way to expand the view line somehow ?
it 's really getting annoying and the events are important to me .
but i could not find a similar post for my questions .
im about the travel from malaysia to some of the sea countries this summer .
i found a lot of article about bringing devices and e-juice to the plane and came up with this
battery should only stay in carry-on baggage and should be removed from the device .
i think the maximum total volume offer person is 1000ml with less than 100ml/bottle
and here are what i could not find the answer
i am taking my efusion dna200 box mod with me which uses the build-in li-po battery that can only be removed with a skew driver and surely will destroy the cover .
unlike the mini version with the magnet removable cover is there any suggestion for this ?
how many devices can i bring with me in my carry-on ?
i may want to bring at least 5 new devices as some of my friends ordered them here in malaysia .
is it legal to bring like 10 bottles of brand new e-juice together with my 5 new devices ?
do i need to remove the tag/name/cover or something ?
hope to hear from u guys if any of you have experience with this stuff .
if its impossible so i may have to refuse my friends since i really dont want to get trouble at the custom .
all row no paypal accepting tf2 keys at slightly higher cost
i do trade in bulk just add me and we can work something out
if and you wanted was not listed fell free to comment the game you want and i can give you the price or simply add me still comment first
games from the new zealand steam store are cheaper than other stores like us eu even cheaper then cn store for most games 25 ! ! ! etc.. .
this allows you to buy the game from me cheaper than you could buy it from steam .
i am a bot designed to create a new post each day so we can all discuss today 's afterbirth daily challenge !
please post all scores discussion and thoughts and today 's daily in the comments below .
if you want to avoid being spoiled about the daily do n't venture below this point .
also feel free to use https greedbutt.com to link to your score so people can compare .
b/o 7 keys mw guardian with kato 14 titan next to mag .
319 titan lf5m leave ur stuff below or invite me .
hi hi i just want to provide some comfort to any law students here who might feel terrible about their future and job prospects because they are n't the best at uni .
i was a terrible student had a rough time with housing/finances/mental health and also just hated my uni and i used to see comments every now and then about how being not that great at uni does n't necessarily mean you 'll be a bad lawyer .
i can now confirm that this is totally true .
stroke of luck hard work yadda yadda ... got a job practising law that is right for me and even though i never thought i would be a good lawyer and confidence was at rock bottom for a long time i can safely say i 'm a great lawyer and i love the work that i do .
ya 'll can do it so do n't let your grades define you and make you feel like you 're not worth it .
i only got to experience good mental health and a stable financial situation towards my last year of uni which caused my grades to skyrocket .
so i guess i also just want to reiterate that you are not your grades .
i hope this helps anyone who might be feeling a bit lost right now .
panama papers the secret offshore world of the global elite irish times http www.irishtimes.com/business/economy/panama-papers-the-secret-offshore-world-of-the-global-elite-1.2595138
leaked documents show the mexican president 's close friend moved 100 million offshore after a corruption probe http www.businessinsider.com/panama-papers-juan-hinojosa-enrique-pena-nieto-mexico-2016-4
mexican gov't contractor former pemex ceo appear in panama papers http www.efe.com/efe/english/portada/mexican-gov-t-contractor-former-pemex-ceo-appear-in-panama-papers/50000260-2886748
mexico cartel suspect named in panama papers arrested in uruguay http www.insightcrime.org/news-briefs/mexico-cartel-suspect-named-in-panama-papers-arrested-in-uruguay
panama papers part 2 the world 's dirty laundry becomes searchable http www.cnet.com/news/panama-papers-part-2-the-worlds-dirty-laundry-becomes-searchable
new data dump date set for may 9 http www.trunews.com/panama-papers-2-new-data-dump-date-set-for-may-9 3rtg1acwpgxfvckr.99
well yesterday my girlfriend texted me completely out of nowhere that she has an online dating account but that it should be fine because shes just doing it for a joke and that she wants to see what the site is about .
also stating that she doesnt even use it anyway .
im taken aback by all this and so ask her which site it is .
she tells me and so i go looking around for her profile .
after searching for a little bit i find her picture and profile .
i see that the profile hasnt really been filled out properly or in great length however i 'm sickened by what ive seen wanting to throw up .
i obviously tell her that this is messed up and how could she do this to me she just keeps repeating how it was just for fun and how she doesnt even use it .
i probe more asking if shes gotten any replies she says that she has and shes talked to a few but never anything sexual as she starts to feel sick when thinking about that as she couldnt do that to me .
i find it so hard to trust people anyway so i just straight out ask her to send me a picture of the chats but she goes and deletes the account altogether and says that its because of how upset i have gotten from it all .
she even goes on to mention how if it was such a big deal and if she actually did do something wrong then why would she tell me about that then .
i dont know what to do and i dont know how else to approach this but i just feel like complete shit .
tl dr gf told me she has an online dating account dont know what to say or do about this .
potential minor spoilers this season was n't too bad .
a lot of fairly good players were robbed after the merge but imo the best player won in the end after maneuvring themselves throughout the minefield that was their tribe and the game itself .
the nomination thread for palau will be up fairly soon but the season wo n't be until tomorrow night because i 'm back to school then .
and this time it wo n't take me three days to get it up i swear !
i started a relationship with a new guy recently and he is very into being submissive .
he likes to be tied up and when i sit on his face and so on .
but a lot of the time when i tie him up i get a loss of inspiration as of what to do i do like to dominate him a lot but i want it to be interesting for him too when i ask what he wants me to do he says whatever i would like to do .
i know i should ask him what he wants right but he is a little timid about it i guess so i am just looking for ideas because this is a bit out of my regular comfort zone .
things we have done this far that he likes tieing him up both arms and legs sitting on his face pegging and anal play on him jerking him close to orgasm and then stopping many times wearing tail butt plugs he likes calling me a kitten and i think maybe he also likes being called a kitty me riding on top of him getting his nipples pulled really hard .
i guess i just want some general ideas as of what could be good to try he has not done it before with anyone else so he probably also doesnt know everything he likes .
and an extra question it feels really good to be on top squatting on my feet and riding him like that but it really wears me out so fast any way to position so it is less draining ?
my father is undergoing an unexpected medical procedure and there is a need for me to take a new flight to get home earlier .
i called delta and they let me know that in these cases they will waive change penalties and only make me pay the difference in fare between the original and new flight .
they need the following information from me the physicians names and number and the family member affected .
they may also need the name of the hospital .
i feel uncomfortable if there are chances that airline can gain healthcare information about my father for basis of a flight .
how much do the airlines contact physicians and how much information do they request from them .
okay so first and foremost id like to say that i havent had many sexual experiences so please bear with me while i deal with this paranoia
so.me.and my partner have had sex before however i was never able to actually ejeculate ive always used a condom either way of course but recently i have been able to do so while doing it and when i went to the bathroom i quickly fill it with water to find any leaks i cant recall if before doing this it was leaking probably not since it looked alright however after filling it with water while no water was leaking out i did notice a very little liquid on the tip which i tried to.clean but was still there after doing so so maybe it was a slip up from my part when trying.to.fill it.with water ?
im a very paranoic person and even though it didnt look there werent any noticeable leaks this tiny bit of water at the tip bothered me.since it was still there after i cleaned it twice with my hand .
top 25 highest float karambits and one of the highest float kara blue gems on
histogram all blade http prntscr.com/anrcpa 4189 pixels blue http prntscr.com/anrd9r 3166 pixels 3166 4189 100 75
yeah i know the title sounds pretty weird but let me explain
i remember the music being pretty chill with a guy saying ah ah ah '' in certain parts of the song .
the music video was the thing i remembered the most though .
i specifically remember a guy in a club restroom looking in a mirror at a version of himself with a big head and then the big head version of him starts dancing in the club .
so any time i plug in my z5p to my pc it just constantly reconnects and disconnects for a solid 10-15 seconds and any time i try choosing what it should do charge mtp or midi it does the same thing and never ends up doing what i ask it to do .
hello everyone let me start by saying that i never anticipated myself holding this office in my career .
it has certainly been a hectic session in the atlantic commonwealth recently !
i am aware that many of you may be iffed by me becoming governor without a proper election but these things do happen from time to time .
even if i have not been democratically elected to this office i intend to serve out the rest of this term to the best of my abilities .
namely i 'd like to fix our commonwealth 's budget problems during my short time in office .
and it is my hope that our legislature and i can work together to solve the economic problems ailing the commonwealth .
within the next few days i will be finalizing my choices for my cabinet and determining my next steps as governor .
i am humbled by this unexpected opportunity to serve my state and i hope we can forge a bright future for the atlantic commonwealth !
when these came out i thought that all of the large game modes were put together into one playlist all 12 player modes were put into one playlist and that all hero modes were put into a playlist also ...
sometimes i 'd click on them and think it was just a glitch that i was only able to continuously play one of the game modes until i finally about a week ago actually read the details on them and realised it was just a quick match option ...
please tell me this was n't just me because i 'm feeling really stupid right now .
i actually think if these were made into playlists it would be a good idea whats your opinion ?
recently me and a couple friends had a very big weed smoking session .
it happened just after a falling out within a group of people .
we ended up having very deep discussions and telling each other problems that we had and what we should do to improve our lives .
by the end of the night i realized that you should always be thankful of who you 've got because one day they might not be there .
you should try to speak to as many people as possible make memories that will last a lifetime and most of all just enjoy your time alive because one day you will want to think back and smile on all that time you had and think about how you know did n't spend your life hiding in the shadows .
probably does n't make much sense but i 'm glad i can get this thought out of my head
fivethirtyeight projection http projects.fivethirtyeight.com/2016-nba-picks cavs with a 75 chance to win .
a few years ago my chemistry teacher did an experiment with a catalyst that looked very cool .
i can still picture most of the reaction in my head but i ca n't seem to recall what is was exactly .
i was wondering if you could figure out what it was with my description .
so my teacher added a catalyst to a liquid .
i am sure the catalyst was something with potassium possibly potassium permanganate .
my teacher said that the solution was supposed to turn pink but something went wrong and the reaction took longer than expected .
eventually he added some more of the potassium stuff to speed things up which definitely worked .
the liquid then began to produce a sort of foam and it turned dark green .
i hope that one of you can figure out what reaction my teacher showed me .
i 'm just wondering if anyone knows where 's best for finding the stuff generally ...
i 'm not sure if there 's any near me .
i mean if there 's a suitable location but there 's no garlic there at the moment could i throw a load of seeds down come back next year and have some garlic ?
i 'm not sure how hard easy it is to grow .
basically could i throw a load of seeds somewhere come back next spring and pick garlic .
i levelled my fletching skill i am now level 74 .
me and my brother are currently playing in a game as twin wizards .
they have each taken different elements for their evocation specialties .
i 've been thinking it would be very cool if they had spells they could cast together that would work well in conjunction .
things like water evocation to freeze an enemy and fire to shatter them and that kind of thing .
so lately i 've been having lots of issues with cs freezing and the sound looping and the only way to stop it is to turn off my computer .
it has already got me banned from competitive games multiple times and is really frustating .
it also freezes seconds after i enter the game most times .
i recently moved to my own place from a shared kitchen situation and started from scratch .
i bought a 10.5 inch cast-iron skillet and a medium sized saucepan which is usually great pasta or rice in the saucepan stir-fry something in the skillet yum yum .
for example making dinner for some friends recently required turning a cake out of the cast-iron and washing it quickly so that i could make rice and stir-fry at the same time .
fresh-baked bread in the skillet meant i had to make a one-pot dinner .
i do n't want to use the skillet for things like curry so i had to cook my rice dump it into a bowl and then cook the curry .
i 'm considering either a nice big saute pan ideal for pan sauces deep enough to cook rice or a stock pot which will heat more efficiently on a small burner but be less good for pan sauces .
maybe interested in other phases higher floats if price is lowered aswell .
kara slaughter fn with 0.015 fv 0.01 is lowest for slaughters and dogbone on playside .
b/o 185k negotiable although i probably wo n't take anything lower than 170k
my light punch and light kick do n't have enough range to reach him after his slide otherwise i would cancel a lp or lp to triplax .
as a f2p player which character should i farm ?
should i spend crystal on refilling energy or buy cards ?
should i upgrade the defense leadership or dodge leadership since they r the only 2 i hav ?
i am not happy with the way i am being treated .
it is not all right that you have ignored 'no ' and that i had to have two separate conversations with you before you saw fit to apologise .
it is not all right that you ca n't be bothered to give me a date and time where you 'd be free to get tested .
what you need my help with to give a urine sample i will never know pointing ?
it is not all right to tell me you think i have a mild form of autism and expect me to accept an armchair diagnosis as fact .
it is not all right to tell me that i could fix my birth-control induced depression if i changed my mindset .
it is not all right to call me dishonest for things that happened months ago and expect me not to bring up current patterns in your behaviour .
above all darling it was not okay to dangle 'love ' over my head when i was extremely emotionally vulnerable so that you could fuck me as and when you feel like it .
a friend does not leave you alone in a house when you 've been crying all day and complain that you were n't fun to be around .
a friend does not ask for your help and call you an idiot for your trouble .
a friend would not have manipulated and pushed me into sex i was n't comfortable with .
either way i am not prepared to put up with this level of unpleasantness only to be compensated for the occasional bout of basic niceness .
i am so so disappointed and i am sick of waiting to see a person who does n't exist for me anymore .
i do n't think pinkman should be staff he was just banned on kohi for cheating we do n't need cheaters as staff .
i can understand that their socio-economic situation might be an reason ie that keeping things clean might not be high on their priority list but i still do n't understand how you can drop litter when there 's a bin a few steps away .
it takes no effort to chuck it away it almost seems as though they do it on purpose .
it was fucking cool i was just running around my school beating up shadows with my kingdom key which was twice my body height because dreams anyone else dream of wielding a mighty keyblade ?
hi i wondered how people in the colder climates regulate their central heating .
i usually have the central heating on at 7:30am to reach 20c but usually lay in at the weekends so sleep through the heating and wake up with heightened ms symptoms for hours .
i 've now turned this off and there 's a huge difference .
the government in kivu has shown that it will fight for its democratic values and would like to keep its ideologies however it 's people lack the proper international representation and the basic necessities that a government brings surely without outside help the kivu government will collapse into anarchy bringing more war and conflict to the congo .
as the true government of the congo we propose a self governance zone an autonomous region of the congo be established in the provinces of north and south kivu .
this zone would be known as the 'kivu self-governance province ' and would act free from the congo government .
kivu would be free to trade internationally create domestic laws and provide itself with a small military force .
the dr congo would however represent kivu on large scale international matters and has the right to intervene in the country if things get out of hand .
trade and tariffs kivu could potentially create a lot of revenue for the congo .
it 's large deposits of minerals ensure great wealth in the region which we can not let grasp of .
we propose that these facilities be jointly run by the corporations of the dr congo and the kivu government .
governance kivu would be able to develop its own parliament and pass its own laws as long as it loosely follows the constitution of the dr congo and obeys international law .
defence kivu would be allowed to maintain a small independent military force as long as they contribute some of it to the dr congo whenever there was war within the country .
i play since early december and at the moment this game is the only thing i 'm playing .
i never played a mobile game this excessively before and probably never will again .
in short i love this game and refuse to see it go downhill without doing anything .
so i just registered on reddit to be able to express my view of a bunch of major ingame problems and give some ways to solve them .
i would love to see the community participate with giving solutions so this thread might get read by someone responsible for ingame content .
problem to stay competitive we are forced to pass up on leveling presumably weaker toons we might actually love trying out .
if players could level up any toon they like people would likely come up with crazy and funny strategies and team comps which might lead to an interesting meta instead of the lame cookie cutters everybody is playing and hating right now .
either give us more ways to obtain more credits or lower the cost of credits to level up .
while i understand the thinking that the credit hunt might be part of the idea of a late-game for this game let me tell you hunting for items stars and ability mats is challenging enough .
in the early stages of the game players have enough credits for everything because the scaling of costs and rewards was always good training droids ability mats and items were rare credits were not .
the higher level players you face in gw the more credits you should get .
raise the credit rewards for ls ds and cantina missions .
raise the rewards from the challenges especially the credit challenge !
from lvl 1 to 5 u only gave players 150k more credits while the costs for everything exploded .
another idea could be to let people reset gw for upscaling crystal prices everyday .
would also bring up more pseudo-content to the game because you give people the possibility to play the only playable game mode several times .
an alternative way to just flat out lowering the current credit costs for crafting items and leveling toons could by the way look like this make training droids rare again and make them the main resource you need to level up toons instead of credits .
training droids are basically the lower tier ability mats for leveling up toons in the late-game .
while you get tons of droids you only get little amounts of credits which results in training droids being completely useless .
and that is a shame since i consider them a good idea for leveling toons and there are several ways to obtain them – including an own challenge .
problem while in the start of the game there are obtainable and desirable achievements they either die out completely or just scale to ridiculousness and beyond .
achievements basically feel like this to me the responsible person came up with some good achievements for the start to lure players into hunting some goals which then turned into really challenging and nerve-draining rewards you had to work several weeks for and finally he did n't think anybody would play that long anyway so he threw some things in there people could hunt for the rest of their lives so that the achievements”-button is n't showing something empty .
solution just show the achievements some love again and set some goals and good scaling rewards that people can claim every other now and then .
there is no reason to let that aspect of the game go into the dumpster .
you could actually use achievements to help fixing the credit shortness as well .
and what you should be doing is give people some good animations if you want them working in this game .
lure them again like you did in the start .
obtain rank 100 50 20 10 5 4 3 2 1 in arena
collect all stars in ls/ds/cantina battles what are the stars for anyways ! ?
master gw with only using rebel sith scoundrel jedi resistance ewok foobar team members
problem the item grind in late-game feels more like work than actually playing a game .
there is no fun factor in the necessity of simming through countless battles with the current droprates .
it is too frustrating when you sim through 120 energy and get like 1 or 2 items that you need 50 of .
you need to drastically improve the drop-rates to a reliable basis so that you can actually calculate when your item will be finished .
that would of course mean to increase the required number of items we need to farm but so be it .
i bet if people could calculate the duration required to grind an item reliably they would accept an increase of the costs .
you would reduce the frustration level by a lot .
for beginners the shipments were a place where you could obtain items for the late-game that you were n't able to obtain otherwise yet .
i never understood why you nerved the shipments in the first place from december to january i did obtain several purple bacta gel 2 or whatever they are called thingies .
whenever i needed them i thought yeah let 's wait 1 more day – they might hopefully be in the shipments and i need to farm 3 less .
and all of the sudden they vanished and i never saw them again ... farewell bacta gel 2 .
i find it interesting that nobody seems to have noticed this yet .
long things short from lvl 70 on you should cut out all the items that are obtainable through challenges and replace them with items that are useful in the late-game and insert all the other late-game things into it so that everything useful can be obtained again .
basically the shipments should feel like a present that you are allowed to open every 6 hours and that makes you happy every 6 hours instead of being sad every 6 hours because you were offered only things again that you have several hundreds of .
if you would just increase those drop rates for high-tier items a little bit add more high-tier items and decrease or completely cut drops of useless low-level stuff it would make bronzium-packs actually feel like some nice gifts instead of wasted time opening them ... oh and after you made them viable please give us an option to open more then one for those of us that like stockpiling .
an alternative way would be to insert item-rewards into gw arena achievements or the event-section .
your goal should be to reduce the frustration level hence making the duration of item completion calculable .
problem arena is another big source of frustration due to sniping certain pay-out times weak ai and a lack of diversity of team compositions .
as mentioned by many others rescale the arena rewards so the first places get less and the worse places get more .
it should scale like 1-3 4-7 8-12 13-19 20-50 51-100 with the first range getting the current place 1 rewards the second range getting current place 2 rewards etc .
that would reduce the frustration of getting sniped by a lot .
it also might encourage people of trying out new comps they actually like that do better in defense since they might be okay with getting rank 3-5 rewards and do n't need a team that 's able to one-shot another team in less then a minute ...
improve the ai or at least improve stats and rng for ai-lead teams .
hands down coolest thing would be if we could set certain things of the ai ourselves for our arena toons .
like focus heal-ability toons first low health second stun-ability toons third high health last and if enemy team has stun-toon use tenacity up buff first if enemy is in the yellow green use assist ability first if enemy is in red use normal hit .
but yeah if that is to complex just improve the ai yourselves regarding things like the given examples .
problem this game content is basically not used at all for the standard events and far too frustrating for timed events .
improve the standard events and add more events from time to time .
why does the yoda-event have to have a time restriction ? !
you already have to farm some certain toons to participate in it .
and due to the fact that it is recurrent anyway there is no point in making it playable for a week every month only .
a good solution for the standard events to be actual content would be to cut them from the ls/ds energy-costs .
give them own energy or make them playable certain times a day like challenges or make them playable as reward for completing other game modes or something .
but in the current stage they are ignored because they compete with ds/ls energy .
the yoda-event for me in particular is far too frustrating on stage 7 .
when it was announced i started working my booty off and farmed 5 jedis to 7 that i previously were not interested in only to find out that i am not able to beat the 7 stage with the composition i chose .
i let myself been kicked in the face more then 200 times by now and did n't even come close to winning once .
i farmed lumi jc eeth qgj and ... plo koon – all maxed now apart from plo .
plo was unfortunately the wrong choice here because he gives yoda turn meter with every basic hit and therefore only works against not for me .
do i really have to farm another jedi from 0 off now only because i chose the wrong one in the start ?
and why is there so much luck needed to beat him anyway .
i like a good challenge but i do n't want to have to beat something impossible .
so yeah – the frustration that the 7 stage of this event is creating is over the top .
lower his damage cut his crits lower his speed somehow or whatever .
can be kinda fun and chill and exciting at first but a more serious theme later on .
and will the mc kid be able to get strong ?
like can he actually fight vs other people or will it be like he 's the least powerful in some party and the other teammates are good and he 's just there not doing anything .
also have this war of mine and south park .
leave a comment on this thread with your offer before adding me on steam .
italics probably will keep unless you make a really good offer
you can sort by clicking on the specific header section of the table .
back to bed|yes|yes|humble weekly bundle eye candy 3coin crypt|yes|yes|humble jumbo bundle 4
lara croft and the guardian of light|no|yes|square enix bundle 2
mafia ii not available in steam store no|yes|humble 2k bundle
i do n't care what genre whether it be fantasy scifi historical fiction etc .
i just would really like to read a book where a group of people are stuck in a new/unfamiliar place and they have to survive and thrive .
i 'm not really looking for a book where people are surviving and waiting to be rescued but where they 're starting a new permanent home .
i killed 29 graceful followers of armadyl all called kree'arra .
i 'm offering 30 minutes programming help/mentoring sessions today .
i work as a full stack software engineer but have experience with a range of programming topics .
if you 're interested please sign up using the google form below .
please ask any questions for me in this post !
i am actually getting tired of the big crates on 5 characters as well and am thinking about switching some of my salvage yards as well .
i love the thought of being young but also you paying to have my body enhanced by a corrupt plastic surgeon .
maybe you 're my stepdad or much older rich bf and i 'm your naughty young fucktoy ?
my kinks include ageplay bimbofication some incest cheating submission no pain .
also it helps if you give me an idea of what i look liked before you made me into a slut description or link and what you changed about my body .
i love the thought of being young with fake cs ds dds es or fs .
i 'm pretty horny right now so let 's do an rp and have fun !
so it seems we do n't have a team together for the hutton cup .
i realise that notice is short so we may very well not have enough interest to cover the whole stretch but it would be an awesome thing to be a part of .
also we could win an actual trophy guys with elite racers engraved on it and everything .
please bear in mind that whilst this is a 13-16 hour race there is no limit on the number of separate legs we can split the course into so even if you only think you would be up for running a short amount let me know !
it could be that the half an hour you could run is the time when all of our other racers are unable to play !
here 's the briefing document provided by the truckers https drive.google.com/file/d/0b8vb2bbjm6gubc1fbtrnmhd6zjg/view
it gives a fairly decent brief of the course there 's a 3 minute flyover of the course here https www.dropbox.com/s/28fme38zhx6xy6h/2016-03-19-1941-52.avi ? dl=0 as well .
i plan on heading over and scouting the track myself i 'll update the post with some shots from different heights etc .
now in reading over the document i took away three things major things about the race and the rules
there are no restrictions on the number of participants you can have additionally eyes in the sky '' are permitted meaning we could have people flying above the srv team giving macro navigation .
there is technically no limit on the amount of cargo we would have to carry so if we had enough interest we could run with multiple srvs each with their own mugs giving us redundancy and allowing us to path multiple routes simultaneously .
our support ships could also carry in case we needed to swap out for an impromptu racer .
as far as i could see there 's nothing prohibiting material use so we could stock up on srv repair and refuels and potentially only have to worry about 100-0 crashes something i 'm not sure i 've ever seen tbh .
i 've knocked together a table below with some quick ideas for roles i encourage people to come up with better ideas for teams or ways to organize the run if they have any i 'm just writing down brain-noises right now .
my name 's just there to fill the void i 'm pretty much prepared to run at any point .
put a comment in this thread if you 're interested the race would begin at 12:00 gmt 05:00 pst 13:00 bst but will likely run for at least 12 hours .
i 've made a table for people who are interested .
we can work out timings when we have enough that may be pretty soon though d
could people post their time zones when commenting from now on ?
will make is much easier to figure everything out .
made a spreadsheet timeline thingie here https docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1wsspvdsyrl-en0krl6mowwt6x33ciwzhzih4qsecrda/edit ? usp=sharing to try and get an idea of how well covered we will be .
please let me know if anything that i have put down here does n't work for you i tried to accommodate for folks timezones but i can only know for sure if these times work if you get back to me .
please get in touch if you think you can do more or less as well the better cover we have the less likely we will be knocked out midway through the race .
right now the riskiest parts are going to be where we only have 1 srv on the ground so patching them up should be a priority .
i will not be able to get on for more than an hour this evening unfortunately if at all .
but tomorrow i will be doing a low pass of the track and getting some 4k screenshots that we can all draw and strategerise over shhh strategerise is a word ! .
i 'll be heading to hutton to grab a bunch of mugs too .
okay so i 've made some changes to the times .
i was thinking about what blackmaze said and i think we can reliably go without a spotter for an hour at a time with this in mind i 've tiered the srv and spotter roles .
this should give us good visibility in terms of what 's coming up ahead as well as maximum secondary buggy time .
i 've tried to minimize the consecutive amount of time people will spend on the ground .
hopefully this means we can minimise fatigue if it should crop up and it will keep people 's image of the course fresh if they are switching to spotter every hour .
as much as i can people 's first shifts should be spotting or 2nd srv meaning it 's not imperative that they turn up at 'exactly ' the right time .
let me know if you see any discrepancies though .
if people are happy with this this will be the last major change to the times and i will go ahead and submit the team all official like .
sorry guys i wish there was a less obtuse way of notifying you of updates ... paging u/mrblackmaze u/farsightfalcon u/terrorsidic u/alexvbrus u/42mileslong ... again
okay this will be the last update before the race .
here is a link to our event sheet https docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1elvrzlfb_on-w-esusp17r_cuu6niuyhcb22ui_axs8/edit ? usp=sharing if anyone can let me know if they cant edit this sheet before the race .
everyone needs to make sure that they are able to take the necessary screenshots without a complete documented list of odomeders and handovers we will be disqualified .
i will collate the screenshots after the race just mark the sheet when you have taken it .
everyone who wants to will be on the racer 's teamspeak i would suggest that anyone who is spotting be able to use a mic but its not necessary you 'll just have to be a fast typer xd .
i will be there roughly an hour and a half before race begin to get some last minute material searching done everyone is free to join me .
when racing remember that communication with the spotter is going to be key take the directions the give on board but remember they ca n't see the track from your perspective as such the srv driver has final say on where they are heading .
when in doubt head along heading 330 this is the line between the two points and unless there is a mountain in your way it will likely be a good route to take if lost if potentially not the fastest .
we are going to be without spotters for an hour at a time so remember to get a rundown of what 's coming up as the last spotter signs off .
they should be able to fly ahead and give rough in 20km there is a crater go to the right around it '' directions for the next section of the course .
this is going to be an endurance and finishing it at all is going to be tricky .
remember to make use of your repairs and try not to drop below 40-50 hull at any point .
there will be marshalls on the course with spare mugs if there is no one about on our team to get you one get in touch with one of them and they will help you out .
obviously this wont be ideal as it will take longer but the option is there .
we will be using the usual e r teamspeak channel eyes to the right for the address .
as always pm me or put a post in here if you have any issues or queries .
lets show them what us racers are made of !
i have played a lot so it 's not a newbie problem .
the issue is that the games and the players do n't show up .
firstly apologies if this is the wrong place for my post .
i scratched my head about a few subs to put this in ...
i 'm 36 with a little boy and the usual grown up busy life .
i try to put in a few hours a week of gaming whenever possible .
i used to have a wide 10ish circle of friends online who used to game together .
we 'd try new and old games and have our staples like raven shield and battlefield 2/3 where we 'd pile onto servers together and have fun while still gelling as a team .
as we 've gotten older the numbers have dwindled down until it was just two or three of us but now even the last couple of friends have faded away due to jobs relationships or early bed times and i miss getting drunk on a saturday night and having a laugh .
now i find it difficult staying enthusiastic about gaming online because each time i play it 's with brand new strangers often trolling and clowning with little to no team play beyond the basic objective .
there 's a whole host of games i would love to play but just ca n't face without familiar names .
even with something like gta online which used to give me a chance to just drive around and have fun in free mode i gave up after 20 minutes .
i still play through my backlog of single player games as time goes on .
games i like to play these days to give you an idea of how wide my interest is
war-game another overwhelming game i 'd really love to put some time into
so my questions are how do you guys keep up having people to play with ?
do you just lump it and play with randoms or have you got communities you are hooked up with ?
to add to my dilemma i 'd love to have just one community that tries a bunch of games rather than having groups for each game .
i 'm seeing it on more and more streams .
1 are crazy and it 's only a matter of time .
i 'm seeing more and more streamers eating food and drinking things sent in by viewers bread cakes bottles of juice .
breeding – all in 1 temps inc maps suggested pen sizes http shillianth.com/games/breeding-all-in-1-temps-suggested-pen-sizes
some just get the job and fake it until they make it .
others go on training courses and learn opera or whatever software they feel they need to use .
2072 users in chat 1728 voting to grow 344 to stay has its own chat thread https www.reddit.com/r/robintracking/comments/4d3nt7/kuprlitsgos
it has evolved into a tier 15 room meaning it has merged 15 times so if no one left it would have 32768 users and is the top room at the moment https www.reddit.com/r/robintracking/comments/4czzo2/robin_chatter_leader_board_official
without scripts it is basically a spam/bot fest i recommend robin grow https github.com/vartan/robin-grow which enables you to filter the chat and block spam .
theres even a trivia game if you filter with '' .
i will continue to carry the message of mitch into whatever this evolves into .
i wish you like these skins and prices aswell .
ak-47 redline field-tested http steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198108953210/inventory 730_2_5481306563 0.23615980148315 http csgo.exchange/item/5481306563 sticker ninjas in pyjamas katowice 2015 http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c ninjas in pyjamas 7c katowice 2015 sticker ninjas in pyjamas katowice 2015 http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c ninjas in pyjamas 7c katowice 2015 sticker ninjas in pyjamas katowice 2015 http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c ninjas in pyjamas 7c katowice 2015 sticker ninjas in pyjamas katowice 2015 http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c ninjas in pyjamas 7c katowice 2015 nip|3
ak-47 blue laminate factory new http steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198108953210/inventory 730_2_5442580878 0.065220668911934 http csgo.exchange/item/5442580878 sticker ninjas in pyjamas holo katowice 2015 http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c ninjas in pyjamas 28holo 29 7c katowice 2015 sticker ninjas in pyjamas holo katowice 2015 http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c ninjas in pyjamas 28holo 29 7c katowice 2015 sticker ninjas in pyjamas holo katowice 2015 http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c ninjas in pyjamas 28holo 29 7c katowice 2015 sticker ninjas in pyjamas holo katowice 2015 http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c ninjas in pyjamas 28holo 29 7c katowice 2015 nip|3
ak-47 redline field-tested http steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198108953210/inventory 730_2_5026153012 0.23353797197342 http csgo.exchange/item/5026153012 sticker ninjas in pyjamas katowice 2015 http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c ninjas in pyjamas 7c katowice 2015 sticker ninjas in pyjamas katowice 2015 http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c ninjas in pyjamas 7c katowice 2015 sticker ninjas in pyjamas katowice 2015 http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c ninjas in pyjamas 7c katowice 2015 sticker ninjas in pyjamas katowice 2015 http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c ninjas in pyjamas 7c katowice 2015 nip|3
three weeks ago right as i moved to a new city you told me we were having issues .
two days ago we said our goodbyes in person .
last night i made my a plea to you to not throw away everything we 'd invested .
i knew it was likely futile but i had to know that i tried everything for you .
it hurts to know that you were probably at his house when you took the call .
that he was there to comfort you as soon as i hung up .
but today i 'm driving back 500 miles to return to my new life .
it 's somewhere to start and you 've chosen not to walk it with me .
i do n't blame you but i have to move on .
every day i 've gone through the waves of grief .
the following events happened on this day in history !
razor ramon hits the razors edge on austin steele http network.wwe.com/video/v32172141/milestone/36086577
head shrinkers vs jeff jarrett vs tatanka and more http network.wwe.com/video/v32172141/milestone/36086581
yokozuna w mr fuji and jim cornette vs scott powers http network.wwe.com/video/v32172141/milestone/36086649
men on a mission vs ben jordan and tony roy http network.wwe.com/video/v34464215/milestone/36708579
road dogg and x-pac vs t and a http network.wwe.com/video/v534259483/milestone/536587783
akebono uses sumo toss to throw big show out of ring http network.wwe.com/video/v31305371/milestone/31337495
04/03/2005 wrestlemania show stealers an opportunity of a lifetime http network.wwe.com/video/v544928783
kane big show marella and kingston vs the corre http network.wwe.com/video/v31294205/milestone/31337083
big show hits slater with weapons of mass destruction http network.wwe.com/video/v31294205/milestone/31337085
jerry lawler vs michael cole with jack swagger http network.wwe.com/video/v31294205/milestone/31337111
snooki does cartwheel into splash on michelle mccool http network.wwe.com/video/v31294205/milestone/31337177
the miz with alex riley vs john cena http network.wwe.com/video/v31294205/milestone/31337195
the ascension vs jack hurley and john vandal http network.wwe.com/video/v31790627/milestone/35682075
fandango delivers the last dance to jack swagger http network.wwe.com/video/v60084783/milestone/171744683
just want to remind everyone that they can get a free account .
title is a little weird because of things that get filtered in this sub .
basically when some random person posts a picture of them with their so on reddit or something and peoole who do n't know anything about their character comment and say omg !
what exactly are they referring to when they say that ?
i just want to see the comments and see if they agree with my theory .
a while back i noticed in the mirror that i look different .
i do n't know what it is but my mind is telling me i look different i ca n't seem to put my finger on it .
i 'm making eye contact which is the first thing i noticed .
something on my features has changed not sure what .
i got my gf to switch to fi because it 's about the same price as her old service and 5x was on sale .
she likes the phone but she is having trouble with texting .
a lot of times she would send text but receivers never get them even though they are showing sent from her end .
we counted 3 people on the other end she usually texts to .
her number is ported to her main google acct but she uses an alt acct to have a gvoice number for work .
i am suspecting that might be the issue but i figured someone here might know what is happening ?
it 's been a while has anyone heard any news about it ?
i just bought this super weird looking knife with an alien on it .
so know i 'm looking for the coolest and most awesome name ever !
but there is one challenge you have to outdo my current ideas
edit sponsored by alienware '' won the winner already got his price !
just thought i would see since the community is kind of small with this game currently who would be down for some ultimate boc today ?
i have an 85 blademaster that can solo and help out but am looking to level my 68 battlemage up today if you 're down let me know .
just looking to have fun with some people trying new champs and need some company .
instead of buzzing in with text or with your voice everyone who wants to answer should type their answer in the chat but do not press enter .
then when the host chip says so everyone presses enter to send their answer at the same time .
this way there is no arguing about who buzzed in first .
you will either get points for a correct answer or lose points for an incorrect and no points for no answer .
this is how the local bars around me play trivia night .
every team writes their answer on a piece of paper and turns it in .
i believe this would be an effective for the hosts to play games without their competitiveness making the game less fun to watch .
edit and after everyone sends their answer the host reads the correct answer and announces who answered correctly .
complete list of perfect level skill hit rate and damage .
click the blue text to show picture 2nd row is hit rate,3rd row is damage
does the vanq cannon come standard in a lr sprue or do you need to get it from fw or something ?
i am looking for someone who 's interested in meeting up for uncomplicated bjs sex muffdives etc .
not looking for something serious more a fuckbuddy situation where we meet up get blown or please each other for a couple of hours and part again .
does n't have to be on a regular basis either .
i am 28 about 175cm in height not too thin but also not too chubby .
have had many sexual partners up to now and know how to please .
also if you are interested in a threesome ffm we could arrange that .
im 2/3 through and vin and elend just left the city please dont spoil anything major !
my questing is about the arc where vin is trying to find the imposter in the crew .
she never really figures it out before it is revealed and i admit i did not see it coming .
but there were some hints in conversations regarding kelsier that made me suspect that vin would be using the 11th element to find the kandra .
i mean i doubt she threw it away after the lord ruler was defeated .
even though is it never really explained what it does seems show the past appearences of people she would use it on .
if used on the kandra it would probably do nothing as soothing also doesnt work on them .
and even if it did then it would show past appearences or maybe even their 'true ' form ?
again please dont spoil anything i just wonder if it would have worked .
why the fuck are people so damn hyped for stickers jesus
also taking kb 's upside into consideration with the purchase .
i had my c p examination for ptsd yesterday .
it was n't that intimidating and i was zonked out on my medications effexor 225mg and dealing with no sleep .
i answered the questions as thoroughly as i could .
the examiner did n't even want too much detail .
after the examiner was done they had me fill out a 75 questionnaire called sims along with another general depression test .
after leaving i googled what the test was and from what i could gather it seems to be a check against malingerers .
thee only thing is does is brainwash innocent kiiidddsss ! ! ! !
stop this whole fruit as a brand name shiitt ! ! ! !
apple will die like blackberry ! ! ! ! !
it 's fucking 2016 ! ! ! ! ! !
i ca n't download my custom launchers d and they steeel everything from androiiiddd ! ! !
i want to buy an awp dragon lore bs with a fv less than 0.49.i will pay 210 keys.i prefer the ones with clean scope and middle.i will also pay 215 for a 0.45 .
b/o:210 keys for a bs dragon lore with less than 0.49 fv and 215 keys for 0.45/0.46
please check my profile for the website and follow/like us on facebook for quick updates .
all games from round 6 are ready to go .
i think both teams will go along their usual business with the picks and bans .
once each team bans their two maps instead of randomizing from the 3 remaining maps the random '' map will be nuke/newke to the surprise '' of the analysts and casters .
160403 yoona 武神赵子龙/god of war zhao yun total 60 eps broadcast time today ep1-2 everyday kst
and what is the usc´s hidden card secret weapon ?
i think it´s not because in previous chapters we clearly saw the vp isn´t back in her dominatrix form only her looks and we saw too she drunk too many root-beer and she is got a pregnant belly cause the much drinking ...
so what is the usc´s secret weapon what mari said in last panel and she is prepare the root-beer ? ? ?
everything is pc and we do not tolerate bullying or unfairness but under the guise of anonymity we have no problem dropping the n word and trash talking saying the most horrible things our fragile society does n't let us express to the outside world .
just thought that it 's weird the turret makes an smg sound instead of the ak .
i had such a swell time speaking to a few of you last time that i think i 'll stick around for a while .
i am looking forward to getting know the many names and faces of dpp .
a little bit about myself i am from the united states i am 5'4 and weigh about 120 pounds i have wide hips and have 34 b cup breasts .
i have blonde hair that reaches my mid back that i regularly wear in a bun or pony tail .
i wear glasses and my eyes are hazel in color .
i am a pretty vanilla person when it comes to sex but i would like to expand my horizons but i think that comes from my inexperience with sex i have only had 5 partners 2 women and 3 men .
i have a few fantasies swirling around in my head .
i am looking forward to speaking to you and i hope i get to meet some fun loving people !
when making or taking phone calls i ca n't hear anything at all but when i put the call on speaker i can barely hear the other person and have to hold the phone to my ear like normal to hear anything .
this issue started before my last update which was about 13 megs and continues after i updated .
makes my phone unusable for calls ... thanks in advance !
on the server we hope for him to help the staff with basic requests as well as add some humor .
my squadmate and i just had an epic adventure this evening !
we had been messing around a bit tried and failed to pilot the connie then decided to try a mission in his freelancer .
as we were flying through the asteroid belt around yela i glitched through the open back door and got thrown 250km away !
without a homing beacon or a flare i was all but lost .
however using yela crusader the star and the asteroid belt for references as well as my ability to see on my hud how far away he was and if he was getting closer or farther away he flew closer and closer slowly correcting his course .
after about an hour of pretty intense searching my abandoned body that had been floating in the vast emptiness of space was rescued !
this was a really fun time for both of us and it really showed us the reality of this game and how amazing it is going to be .
using just the simple mechanics that are in place now we had a great time doing something the devs did n't actively program into the game .
i could have just committed suicide and respawned back at olisar but we stuck with it and had a blast .
here 's to my spuadmate and our very first successful rescue mission !
sorry if this is too specialized a question but i 'd really love to know !
i have been buying pure via on ebay for quite sometime in 1000/800 packet boxes but the exchange rate makes it a little more pricey .
about 50 60 dollars a box or 0.05 0.06 a packet still better than any of the smaller supermarket boxes if anyone know of any better deals for canadians i would be so happy to find something else .
a few days ago i created a daft.ie account and soon after got the following email
i am the owner of the apartment ... my name is old graphic designer from planning to retire in the next 2 years .
the apartment is fully furnished could be rented unfurnished too-same price if unfurnished .
the entire apartment is for 700 euro per month including all utilities/bills water electricity internet cable .
has washer/dryer in unit a/c dishwasher safe neighborhood nice neighbors very quiet no noise close to transportation and everything else floor 2 .
my intention is to rent the apartment to nice clean people and in order to do that i would like to know a little something about you like how many people do you intend to live in my apartment do you have a steady income etc .
the flat is exactly like in the pictures fully furnished and renovated .
let me know if you are still interested and i will send you more info and pictures of the apartment .
please tell me in short what exactly are you looking for and which are your requirements ?
at first i was stunned this house was perfect it had everything we wanted from the 4 pictures we could see and it was right in our budget .
i asked myself how i missed it on browsing daft.ie .
so i decided to click the daft.ie link that was attached to his email but the page did n't exist .
i tried searching all of co limerick on daft.ie and i still could n't find it .
so i emailed the person back noting my interest and wanted a viewing .
they took a few days to get back to me and in my time i was asking my self is this too good to be true ?
it was too good for its money after all .
so i googled a bit about this person and i came accros this website https www.scamwarners.com/forum/viewtopic.php ? f=39 p=290473 and it was enough to stop me in my tracks .
after he got back to me he talked about a down payment of a1400 and said it was via airbnbw .
instead he links you to a copy of the airbnb website called http airbnb.com.online-booking893.com .
i 've since given up on replyot to this guy .
just said i 'd put this out there for other people .
times are tough and we done need shit like this to happen .
note i ca n't speak for the credibility of scamwarners.com but as i said it was enough to stop me pursuing what might have been an expensive lesson .
such as the top main three ritalin vivian adderall .
please tell me your experiences and reviews on the drug .
such as did it work for you side effects and etc .
i have a pretty big problem with wild because from what i have been told wild is best with wbtb because dreams are induced in rem and not as you fall asleep .
if i can even do wbtb to make wild possible how can i ?
as many of you may be aware swproxy has an awesome plugin called runlogger which automatically logs your runs when you are connected to the proxy server .
several players in the community love collecting statistics and the addition of this plugin made our lives much easier .
you can check this helpful tutorial by u/daniel_lh to see how it works
this inspired me to create a multipurpose spreadsheet for all the dungeons to keep track of all the drops you get in cairos dungeon .
i will be tracking all of my runs whenever possible and if the community gets involved we can get more accurate drop statistics on all dungeons for all the players .
you can click the link below to already open the spreadsheet .
i have included some additional statistics for the first three dungeons when it comes to runes and with the help of this spreadsheet you will be able to track things such as ..
most commonly found main stats for slots 2 4 and 6 runes
in addition to the basic and advanced statistics you will also be able to track your average run time and success rates in a dungeon and the amount of miscellaneous items dropping in a dungeon .
it is worth mentioning that the average time may not be completely accurate when running the proxy as answering a phone call will still keep the timer running without making any progress in the game .
to use this spreadsheet you will first have to download it .
open the spreadsheet in google spreadsheets or excel to start editing the file
once you have the spreadsheet open you can start adding your run data to the spreadsheet .
copy paste all the columns from your myruns.csv file to the battlelog sheet and the spreadsheet will do the rest of the work for you .
i have left my test runs in the spreadsheet to show how it works .
you can easily add other dungeons such as gb8 as an example to the spreadsheet by simply duplicating the giant 's keep b10 sheet and using the find and replace tool to replace the keyword giant 's keep b10 with giant 's keep b8 .
try to make sure that you have selected the right sheet and ticked the also search within formulas option .
here is the sheet in case you missed the first link
i hope someone can make some use of this template and if not .. well i will definitely be using it in the future .
thank you the creators of swproxy and this plugin for making at least my life easier .
see a lot of people going crazy over the se even going as far as getting rid of their iphone 6/6s .
i own a 6 myself and find it absolutely perfect .
so why is the se such a big deal ?
the 6 is what less than an inch taller ?
my melee and siege minions are blue but my casters are red .
it looks fun and i just started the show on netflix .
i 've always wanted to see a gintama fighting game but i ca n't come up with many ideas on how it would work .
what would you put in a gintama fighting game ?
i 've got a issue in the theater i manage where i need to run from our playback rack to the mixer past an electrically noisy part of the building .
i do n't really have any options as far as routing goes .
currently there 's a cheap hdmi to vga stereo rca which is what we had sitting around .
i 'm looking for something that will take hdmi and output component or vga for the projector dvi is also an option and either balanced audio or aes .
so far i have n't been able to find something that does this is a small package and a large switcher or receiver is n't possible given the space and money educational theater .
so far i 've seen plenty of units with hdmi to vga/component without balanced audio out or hdmi audio de-embedders .
i guess the goal is do both in one unit if it 's possible .
i 'm a complete noob when it comes to this and wanted to ask if this such thing existed .
i was wondering if there was some sort of device i could buy that would take the input from my computer preferably usb and split it so that i could plug in like 3 pairs of headphones/speakers and switch between them on the fly .
if the device is also a dac/amp/has other features great but the cheaper the better .
spent some of the afternoon updating the css for r/karnivool .
let me know if you find any errors or want anything looking differently .
it 's based off naut 's theme with a few changes to make it look good for us .
a bug that has been known for a while now still has n't been fixed after a month .
i can not test them all as i do n't have all of the skins but skinning moto helmet to either scarecrow or pumpkin downgrades them to 10,000 from 20,000 .
edit encontramos imagens do carro dele subindo a estrada da cachoeira no sentido do largo da batalha as 09:32 .
no largo do marrom no pé pequeno em niterói .
in the last 8 months i 've been diagnosed with epilepsy that they ca n't seem to bring under control 6 to 10 a week .
i used to have a really good job in insurance/law but i was forced to give that up b/c i kept seizing out on the job .
my savings are gone i 'm 28 years old so they were n't huge to begin with .
i have an annuity from a former job that just pays the rent on a room 400 month .
i have medicaid and foodstamps but that does n't cover dogfood .
i 'm down to about half a bag and i do n't know how i 'm going to feed them past next week .
i have a 2 year old pitt and a 10 month old mutt .
i 've cut down on their food for the past two months and tried to supplement it with whatever i can spare from the foodstamps rice and beef but they 're getting a little too skinny for comfort .
i do n't want to give them up whenever i seize they are such a comfort to me .
i 'm not asking for money i do n't want money .
all i 'm asking is if someone could please ship me some dog food .
the social political and economic conditions in the country that your group is representing prior to the colonization
the imperial power s that colonized or were colonizing at the same time as the country you represent
the date of colonization of your represented country or the dates that your country colonized other places
date of independence of either the country you and your group represent or of the colonies that your country had colonized
results of colonization for your nation – advantages disadvantages etc .
and i have no idea how to answer them if anyone could just direct me to a source or anything like that it would greatly help .
the question i 'm having trouble with most is 2 .
the idea of custom comms is fantastic especially when coordinating between multiple outfit platoons rare as this may be .
since the syntax and basic code is there i 'm wondering why this feature has n't been expanded upon .
it is very buggy and unknown but has great potential .
does anyone know why the devs halted progress on this feature ?
hi all i have n't been able to find any info on hai to gensou no grimgar's disc sales in japan or any indication of its popularity there .
i was looking for some sort of popularity ranking chart where maybe japanese fans voted on the winter 2016 anime lineup just to see how it placed .
note i still have n't finished the series so please no spoilers but i 'm catching up on it .
i 'm enjoying the show so far but it seems a shame there are only 12 episodes .
offering popular keys 88 chroma2 29 chroma1 for a set of max bets .
that black rectangular bowl for cooking ramen noodles in the microwave .
i used to be a strict stove-only guy when it came to ramen but in the bowl there 's absolutely no way to screw up the water to noodle ratio .
join a club and use the ones there for a bit then buy one second hand .
for the love of gods do not just take it to the water on your own '' .
jamie got caught by an unfortunate stick while he was down on the ice .
i 'm fairly sure it was pearson 's stick who had just fallen after catching jamie 's stick to his skates .
sucks cuz he 's an awesome player and you hate to see any type of injury but would n't be a penalty .
talking about how he took a pill in ibiza and was sexual assualted .
how great it is to have your ears pop after they were clogged for months .
the american dental association has information on teeth whitening and how the process or products for whitening may cause sensitivity at http www.mouthhealthy.org/en/az-topics/w/whitening .
they also have information on what might be behind the cause of sensitive teeth other than whitening treatments at http www.mouthhealthy.org/en/az-topics/s/sensitive-teeth .
after 45 you can flag up and attack anybody that is 45 and up .
i 'm into crypto but not gridcoin i have to say if you tip someone an eighth of a cent it will be seen as annoying and they probably wo n't redeem it .
do n't be so cheap that is a ridiculously small amount .
if you want people to actually research the cryptocurrency then tip them more .
reddit gold costs 3 i think if you really think the comment deserves a tip give them 1 0.0012 is just spam .
with how backlogged the rift is it might have motion controllers before a new customer could get their hands on one .
even if the controllers come later in h2 it 's still a much shorter wait for new buyers than for early preorders .
ey fax machine buddies i used to work from home so i would sent documents a lot .
was a solid player for us god bless hitner .
i waited too long to get the coffin dunks and they didnt have my size .
i personally either did n't or do n't remember encountering the convention of ' ' denoting a private field in c .
could be because usually you expose public fields as properties which means you just use an upper-case naming .
and sure it 's a convention not enforced by ide so someone could name a local variable with an underscore prefix .
but that is also something i 've never seen before .
visual studio which i consider to be the best ide ever created though keep in mind i work in a .net shop .
it does not display local/instance variables differently though i wonder if displaying instance variables in bold or a different color would be helpful .
still i 'm not a fan of 'this ' referencing .
the last time i tried that convention i believe one of the clean-up tools recommended it resharper perhaps ?
i found it greatly increased noise to signal ratio when reading code .
she lives hours away so i ca n't even do that .
navi starix vp neo i think was igl for this tournament but not too sure and astalis karrigan
so internal clan drama is a fault of the guides of the lotus ?
grow the fuck up kick the worthless fucks and enjoy your dojo .
almost never feel fear although i 'm very susceptible to jump scares !
i seek out opportunities that make me feel scared .
anger is also rare for me and mostly happens when i feel like someone 's being disrespectful or inconsiderate .
if you define shame as like feeling bad about myself or like i did or am something bad or wrong then almost never .
one time in the past year that i can recall .
but i feel embarrassed or worried about what other people think of me easily .
i mostly get embarrassed when i think people misinterpret my intentions or my capability when i 'm afraid they 'll see me as stupid or petty/selfish or incompetent .
i worry that they wo n't like me or wo n't listen to or believe me anymore .
it 's gotten better over the past few months as i 've done work on letting myself be more vulnerable brene brown !
i feel like i can easily get caught up with that but he is right .
got ta think of all the great things i can do to help my family and my fellow men when i get off my but and do good work .
the sax is beastly as is weckl 's sticks right ... are you a jazz fiend or musicist in general ?
basically bernie got 54 and hillary 45 reversing the feb. clark county numbers .
assuming the other counties do n't change and state lvl is the same bernie wins nv 54-45 swapping the delegate count .
had to take care of laundry so i walked away from the game thinking nova had it the way they were playing .
regardless even if they start charging i bet the cost will be close to what they pay for their commercial/industrial rate .
pc players would agree that due to being able to play with a mouse some characters are more powerful or less powerful in comparison to the console counterparts .
either conor got a lot bigger and weighed 168lbs without a cut .
this results in him not being a massive featherweight destroying little men .
or he just simply cut no weight and was a big featherweight but did n't magically put on size .
thought it was a standard action movie with no plot .
i do n't think people realize how common this behavior towards special ed kids is .
i do n't think there are any larger r/joinrobin related ones are there ?
the trick to not being too bored and disappointed with a slow-ish loot rpg like this is to stop playing it for a bit .
i quit the division to replay some batman arkham knight .
i went back on and realized how much more fun i had not playing it for 12 hours every day .
however i do agree with the review for the most part .
so if i did this set is it possible for me to get the lower 80 ovr cards that go into the set ?
go into control panel computer administrative tools computer management disk management and change the drive letter back .
i 'm in a robin room with 535 people right now apparently in the 2 group listed here https www.reddit.com/r/robintracking/comments/4czzo2/robin_chatter_leader_board_official and never abandoned or stayed just kept hitting grow
yes give a feminist enough rope and they 'll hang themselves .
super nsfw as if it needed to be said .
currently there is n't a point to putting up the beta .
its a new map but you only have access to a small section of it as well as being terribly optimized .
ive played several days worth of .7 and i couldnt play longer than 20 minutes of .9 because of how incomplete it was .
needs quite a few more hotfixes before its back at the stability level of .70 .
you cant even get into most hive shops because the pathing is broken .
we tend to have a lot of guys that look way older than they are
case studies this 22-year old http cluster.leaguestat.com/download.php ? client_code=ahl file_path=media/260c7a1e1bec0400b1fd7325a3e82c0b.jpg and this 32-year old https dqrrfibbe8nxs.cloudfront.net/img/assets/players/headshots/360x360/19421.jpg
fairly common to stick an x on the end of a text .
if you do more than one x you 're a savage though .
the cobra party has recognized israel several years now and even opened free trade between yemen and israel .
this small nuance is likely due to little publication on the topic other than the free trade agreement .
we will always recognize israel as we have adopted a secular stance and we are always ready to cooperate with israel .
respect my pronouns '' bitch respect we wanting to play games with women that have big ass titties massive swords and skinny as fuck if i so want to play that without some cunt calling me misogynistic cus i love the female body more than them .
if he has any cognitive disabilities as it has been suggested that combined with the general grogginess of having just woken up explains his inaction .
i ca n't tell if that 's hot or not ...
this way he does n't waste verde 's atb on first turn and most likely he will be able to move after the crystal and remove the armor break .
laid back and funny dude was a blast to watch when i still played league of legends .
i would easily watch him more if he could afford to play other games .
was also pretty laid back kinda lacking in the humor compared to imaqtpie but it is satisfying to watch end game nasus stomping .
he and meteos still make me question my sexuality from time to time .
sneaky works well with literally anyone when he 's streaming though have n't watched much of his duo games with rush but i imagine they 're pretty funny too .
arin and danny from gamegrumps i do n't necessarily mind the rest i just prefer those two and the older arin and jon duo .
sips funny at times relaxing to listen to in general .
breaks the monotony and boredom during silent tasks that do n't need to be silent without fully breaking concentration .
crendor used to be the same way for me when he was uploading his play through of banjo and kazooie .
jesse cox occasionally can net my attention for a bit as well when he 's not being frustratingly oblivious he can be funny but when it 's way too obvious and he 's still not seeing whatever he needs to my dick ripping anger usually drives me to stop watching .
argh the more i read these glowing endorsements the more i know i 'm eventually going to wind up with both the 02 and 65
like a lot of responses i 've been getting it seems there 's a subtle warning that the 66 is massive .
i loved how the 65 felt in my hands so i do n't think i 'd like to go any larger .
what nibs did you go with on your 65 ?
i think it 's perfectly fine because both teams play excellent hockey .
for some people being loyal to one team is fine but it does n't mean they have to hate other teams .
if a team beats my team i have respect for them for being able to beat my team .
i 'm sure they 'll get it right with all that extra processing power the ps4k '' will need .
your post has been removed as per guideline 6 low quality posts/post titles will be removed on sight '' .
low quality posts that does not add anything to the subreddit will be removed .
low quality post titles such as am i the only one ... '' does anyone else think ... '' and other dae threads will be removed .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/wiiu if you have any questions or concerns .
as a catholic it is ok to perform life saving surgery for the mother and if the child dies because of it so be it .
however direct killing of the baby just to kill it is not allowed .
also most mothers including my wife would chooses the baby if they could .
trace of chaos says what it does literally in the description .
checked the crafting notes window ingame for the others if it says something ?
they may not have any special use in alchemy .
ok i went up to 2985 to tie with 2nd place ill check beck 20m before tourney ends if you can push further and some other guys will overtake us go ahead u/envy_mty
recipe sounds good what 's the details with the nibs ?
ime after about 4 days you start extracting some harshness similar to over extracting coffee .
you may want to make a nibs tincture and dose with that .
google maltose falcons cocoa nibs for more details if you like not me but his work was spot on .
if you are able to lower the temp of your bucket i would bc it sounds like your temps are going to get higher with that much activity in there .
i 'm not sure how you checked the temperature ambient or probe ?
but you are about 4° above the recommended temp for your yeast so you might start getting some funky fruit flavors or some fusel alcohol if it gets too high .
the towel will help or if you 've got a larger bucket or a shallow pan to put some water and ice bottles in that will help as well .
i made a swamp cooler from one of those large rope handled buckets you buy at home depot for a long time until i finally got a proper fridge .
if you ca n't make it work rdwhahb you 'll still get beer .
yes you 're protected once you 've been on the patch at least 7 days as long as you take no more than 7 days off .
my father and i have a bond developed by the patriots .
the author has serious problems with the necessary contracts so is n't putting the books on kindle .
the ebook files you get do work fine on a kindle though .
i heard it playing on the pa in a del taco the other week .
if agile scrums were more like rugby scrums i 'd like them more .
yeah sure but when people see that us french or the british have a shitton of islands in the pacific ocean they yell imperialism '' .
just wanted you guys to have the same feeling .
his card restored 8 damage to a random friendly character .
but the real card restores 8 damage to a damaged friendly character .
i heard yellow and red fats are about 1.725 times easier to lose than brown fats .
i think you 're not realizing how much of a huge draw gsp is especially in canada .
the game looks and sounds terrible but maybe that 's because of the time the game was developed in .
artist that created it was there and signed it for me at the bottom .
took me forever to find it everyone had those crappy 8x10 's of screenshots from season 1 .
just make sure you get somewhat flexible adhesive e6000/shoe goo/etc because otherwise it 's going to come off due to the flexing of the material .
wait a minute if shinchi dreamed about that encounter with goto how was that weak spot actually real ?
i ordered both because i do n't want to be denied access to content .
besides this early in the launch phase they 're going to retain their value .
there has been a documented heavy media bias against sanders http www.salon.com/2016/03/16/new_york_times_busted_for_anti_bernie_bias_the_iconic_clinton_endorsing_newspaper_slyly_edits_article_to_smear_sanders .
the washington post even investigated itself for heavy bias and then pulled the article when it found out just how badly they had treated sanders .
i 've seen bold be suggested so wondering if this could be the opposite as a physical attacker/defense .
i do n't think namco 's marketing department really cares if any of us think it 's fair or not .
pretty pricey almost double what i 'm willing to spend since i do n't need the smooth 3d mode play but i 'll look into it .
i do n't disagree with you i disagree with the system .
the whole point of this campaign is that we 're doing things differently .
i think bernie is running this campaign to bring us closer to that goal and this would be an opportunity to emphasize that .
dude i clean like a champ when i smoke .
if the house is cleaned when my gf gets home she knows i smoked all day .
it 's like herbal adderal for me and gets me extremely motivated for some reason .
also cures my insomnia and fatique i suffer with from medical meds i have to take .
maybe this is like confirmation bias but i swear despite rarely taking them i swear tim duncan was a magician at hitting like the hugest big time three pointers in huge games .
anyone trying to tell you 'one is more superior ' is pure proselytism ...
the fact that evah destruction is n't 1 on this list is making me uncomfortable .
hey i 'd wan na live too if i knew i had some puss to crush .
it took 55 minutes to get out of the garage 25 parking .
me and my host student gave my little boys a viking funeral in his fireplace .
he told me afterwards that he should have warned me about her .
well there is going to be spoiler s akainu and fujitora face off '' but that 's about it .
i 'm pretty sure the person is misremembering when the big moment happens which should be the 23rd
like their faith is gon na feed my family and pay my bills .
i 'd least say that it 's reasonably relevant and certainly a while kit more programming '' then a lot of links i 've seen posted here .
so they 're basically good people to use as cross examiners ?
my current go to generic is mutants and masterminds .
i will happily use it anytime we do n't want to play in a specific setting .
i do n't know what is up with hillary supporters showing up complaining about this all of a sudden .
bernie supporters have been complaining about the caucus system since the beginning .
if you live in a state that has a caucus i do n't try to do something about it ?
oddly this is when i realized this is totally a show from the 80 's with the environmental message
exercise wise just walk a mile or two a day .
do basic stuff like push ups and sit ups .
do n't overload yourself and make gigantic goals just yet .
he fell down an open elevator shaft onto some bullets .
i do n't think you understand the meaning of the phrase .
he means that professionalism '' is a fancy word for never letting on how you really feel about anything and instead acting like you 're always happy where you are doing what you are at your job . ''
the phrase apparently originates from a time when .10 was worth more haha .
that will be our last choice only because two of the previous cats i had did not take well to the shock pads .
they became super scared and would n't leave the kitchen/hallway for about a year .
they did n't want to be held or pet or anything .
much like the spray bottle some cats are fine with it and others ca n't handle it .
regardless if the cat is reacting poorly stop them method and try a different one .
in terms of balance they are both not that powerful .
if the shadow block only acts like a light source increasing the light level only removing the visual of the light making it look dark but not actually being it then the recipe should be cheep .
the other block could be a small problem but if you make it to where it creates darkness '' as u/icemetalpunk stated that acts just like light with darkness levels '' then this darkness could subtract the current light level until the light level reaches 0 .
as an example of above say a dark block is about 10 blocks away from a glowstone block .
then the darkness level and light level would conflict causing the space right in the middle to be at light level 0 with increasing light and dark levels on the respective sides .
this is assuming the dark block would give off a dark level of 15 like glowstone creates a light level of 15 .
this would be somewhat balanced in itself requiring the ore to only be as rare as gold and for the darkness block to be made like a storage block .
the shadow block could be made out of a single glowstone and 4 darkstone ore making 2 shadow blocks as they would be almost exactly like glowstone .
sorry for the length text but as a tltr you have little to worry about .
man i just moved to colombia and i watched el classico at a restaurant .
i do n't think i 've seen the same thing with a foreign match .
i 'd call it a trident if it 's as big as your character
mouseover or click to view the metric conversion for this comment http fiddle.jshell.net/convertstometric/xhk4y5h5/show/light ? 6'1 '' 20 201.85 20m 0a 6'1 '' 1.85 m
at some point in the general if she 's the nom she will need to talk to those who do n't support her .
her press blackout is not what you 'd like to see from a front running candidate .
you appreciate how great kyle rayner is even if he 's not your fave lantern .
wow never thought i 'd see myself in an inspo haha
oh if you 're summoning regularly then that makes sense .
i usually only summon if both the units and rates are good so i summon pretty rarely and only cash in for the units i need fast .
i get where you 're coming from though it 's just that i usually hoard slot medals for non-priority units since i can just wait for shs fusion rates up which is less accessible than slots .
especially with certain roles it is far too random which alignment you are at the end .
of the 30 roles in onuw/daybreak there are 4 i wo n't play with until i have a really experienced crew sitting at the table doppelganger villiage idiot minion and the paranormal investigator .
everyone starts the game with some piece of information and with a proper setup will gain a fact during the night phase e.g .
the seer sees two cards in the middle the witch knows who someone is after they get changed the insomniac can guard against false accusations of being switched to a werewolf .
outside of that it 's learning how to properly navigate what information you 're getting during the day what information could honestly be known and what motivation someone would have to say something given the roles that are available in play and a crap ton of practice .
it 's entirely possible given enough practice to deduce what everyone is after all of the chaos and before the reveal .
the catch is can you then convince everyone to vote with you once you have that answer .
i 'm thinking none of the current participants as at that point nobody has the required delegates justifying a kingmaker move ... my money 's on ryan getting the crown shitshow be damned .
well that is definitely a point in bats favor punisher simply removes the problem but batman makes an effort to improve the situation .
your post has been automatically removed because you did not include a date in the title .
please see the sidebar for more info or message the mods if there has been a mistake .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/oldschoolcool if you have any questions or concerns .
just see you i 've read another post about this and the only two physical outcomes that should be possible for this type of moon are
it could very well be possible that some magical force is holding in stasis .
but i think if we apply occam 's razor here we could maybe just assume that there are n't really that many people at rooster teeth that are well versed in astrophysics .
so they do n't know it 's scientifically impossible to have a moon like that .
or maybe they do have an explanation because maybe the shattered moon is the source of dust and the moon is made of special material which allows it to exist like that .
until then i 'm not going to stress about it .
by the way i do need to get to bed .
but you should totally make a post about how dust hinders technological development .
i 'm gon na a be pretty busy tomorrow so i might not have time to .
also if you 're interested i was thinking about trying to devise a way to build an actual replica cresent rose but with an actual gun .
this probably will never happen it 's really just a fun little thought experiment right now .
essentially what i think is although some parts of it are physically impossible like the shortening barrel and some of the folding i do think it would be possible to construct some sort of rifle/scythe combo .
the only problems i see are finding a way to make the weight of the blade not bend the barrel of the gun because of it 's weight and then of course would be designing the actual parts to make stuff move gears and clockwork system to move it or servo motors ?
would it be possible to fit all of them in there ? .
then of course there 's finding of the actual parts you 're use i am getting over the necessary equipment and people to build it .
like i said it 'll probably never happen but it seems like a fun problem to think about .
the kind of thing you could do if you had a decent amount of free time and a lot of cash to burn .
anyway i 'd be down to discuss that too .
just not right now cause i need to get to bed .
i believe it 's just a light wash denim jacket with the sleeves cut .
go to your local thrift stores and i 'm sure you can find a jacket similar and just cut at the elbows
i feel like the most useless person in the world
with cyberconnect2 aiding in the development of the ffvii remake i find myself very interested in how people received their most notable titles mainly the .hack series .
from what i have read some people seemed to find the gameplay repetitive as the series continued on and only mild interest in the story to keep them invested .
at the same time others found the environment and music engaging enough to keep them playing .
would you say the first title layed all the ground work needed for the rest of the series that 's to say were all the major story arcs established and aims outlined from the get go ?
or was there more motivation for additional plot left for future titles down the road ?
but you got ta remember the whole series did n't start with the game .
and each new installment lays a new layer of ground work to overall plot of the whole series which also seems to evolve a bit .
the exp worked as when a player defeated a higher level monster he/she would get more exp .
but there 's a set limit to how much and the highest you could get was 252 iirc .
the story elements revolved around the setting of the world 's version during that time and the story .
the first four games involved a version of the game where things were a bit simpler and less chaotic .
every other element was story based with data corruption and aura etc .
could you hit max level in the first installment and if so how did it effect the next few titles ?
if not how did the developers curb power creep and keep you from progressing in lvl title to title ?
was something like world of warcraft 's 'gray ' monsters put into play where as low level monsters would no longer net you xp at all ?
as far as i know the first four games allowed you to keep leveling up even after beating the game .
it was n't until gu were they put in a leveling cap .
with the story and items was there some missable items and story arcs possibly side stories in earlier installments you could no longer attain in later ones ?
there was that sign character easter egg event that you could only take part in during mutation .
and the one sin in reminisce and the first cernnunos event in rebirth
on that same note if one were to start the series in the 2nd installment or later did you receive a base line starting lvl abilities and items similar to what would be expected of a returning player ?
what are some other possible things you could miss by choosing to jump in on a later title ?
finally how did the stories pacing feel to you title to title ?
did the endings leave you on a cliff hanger ?
did any of the titles end akin to starwars 5 the empire strikes back where at the end just about everything that could go wrong in fact does ?
i ca n't say that the endings left me hanging .
they were cliffhangers yes and they did leave me wanting more but i never felt unsatisfied .
has nothing to do with the subject at hand .
and again i 'd call that a minor annoyance at worst not even an issue at best .
fuck i took tonight off to watch this and fell asleep .
wow i knew halo 5 had no lan or local multiplayer support but it 's crazy to think that classic lan parties are officially dead on console .
but to be fair alot of aaa games on pc are shipping without lan support as well .
this is sad because when i started gaming on pc early 2000s a multiplayer game that was n't an mmo not having lan support was unthinkable !
good chance of private monies being invested in these projects ... .
ah okay see i conscripted the mages and banishes the wardens i tried to save briala but she got exiled even tho i had the locket
2 times i died as i killed the boc tossed into the holes far too many times
the spelling error.. also the advertising should be done with proper timing so not yet p also i 'll work on the challenge now .
i live in the sherman/denison area but saying that means nothing to people online so i just say i live around the dallas area .
just stop right there i 'm not gon na ' listen to you until you fix your tone . ''
i 'm just reading your test results i 'm rather calm . ''
mhmm sure you are ... just like i 'd make a great president .
bot-chan would rate anime a 1 or a 10 .
if it has no robot or too many robots it will be an 1 .
if it has cute girls drinking tea and eating cakes it will be a 10 .
you could post a give away saying that everyone that up votes will receive a million dollars and someone would down vote it for some reason .
this post brought back memories for me when i was growing up and learning how to hit fades draws and straight shots with rough equipment compared to today .
it really helped when i played pro for a while and was use to hitting the new metal woods and new forgiving irons nc still blades .
the ones from the individual counties before they got together for the final state caucus ?
if the bullet was accurate when you jumped it would be even more bullshit as you could awp jump 1 hit kills .
while it is unfortunate that liquid got fucked by the random bullet path in 9/10 other situations the bullet path would have been off and cold would have died .
look at it from a different perceptive and it makes more sense
darby crash lead singer of the largely influential underground punk band the germs committed suicide the day before john lennon was shot .
i take all the new players that want to mine to njikan which is n't too far .
it has a high-tech station next to a pristine metallic ring which is neat .
i just used the built in disable bloatware '' option in the menu then enabled all the things i needed after that .
i 'm with you on fft bsb fest but keep in mind that even during that festival shadow 's ichigeki is still dps king check out the mathcraft threads .
it does appear in bsb fest again though so you could potentially hold out especially if you get some good fft gear to carry you through .
i might do the same if i pull platinum sword or kaiser shield and grand armor .
i 'd also suggest against 15-pulls for the sole reason that you 're always better doing 11-pulls for the free chance at the item you want .
it 's a gimmie so you may as well use it .
if you want to give it a shot or two with single pulls just to satisfy your curiosity you 'd again be better off doing three single pulls in that ridiculously lucky case where the very first or second item you pull is the one you 're after hence you save yourself 5-10 mythril .
ny style blue cheese cream sauce with a hint of horseradish over noodle pasta chucks of tri-tip steak granny smith apples and asparagus heads .
one of the best variants i have ever had !
it is illegal for federal government funds to go towards abortion .
pp uses federal money to pay for things like mammograms pelvic exams and women 's health education .
people who see paying taxes as them funding abortion are wrong .
also i did n't like the iraq war i did n't stop paying taxes from 2002 2009 because i was morally opposed to it .
taxes are obligatory whether you agree with what they are used for or not .
legalizing something is n't the same as agreeing with it morally it is agreeing that some moral choices which are different from legal ones are personal .
those who are morally opposed to abortion do n't have to get one .
in the meantime they are allowed to be morally outraged but that is where their rights in the matter end .
us has lacked in cs compared to every other country/continent .
therefore a major in the us where one of the us teams is playing for the final your gon na have people chanting usa .
elementary stuff here people and nothing wrong with it .
that 's because it 's a grey undersuit and two of the armors are grey .
it looks best on noble which is blue with a grey undersuit .
here http www.brasizecalculator.tk is a good way to get an accurate size .
all you need is a tape measure that can wrap around you they 're a couple bucks at walmart and some privacy where you can measure topless and braless .
i forget when but there 's city council meetings to brainstorm the topic and there were initiatives on a recent ballot to expand bus lanes that got voted down by the rich .
i have n't been here long but when the natives tell you how long it 's been an issue and all the failed attempts you catch up quickly feeling frustrated .
if you go to the top of the whole thread and pull down slide your finger down like you 're going to scroll up further even though you 're at the top and a button should appear that says hot . ''
if you click it you can sort by new/controversial/top etc .
i ca n't guarantee it still works though cause i do n't use alienblue anymore .
perhaps you 'd like to tell mr. r how he could have easily gotten out of that .
and hey guess what can be read and then lead to death ?
idk you were kinda in the conference finals a few years ago now you 're a fringe playoff team like us
comments this is a lovely lactic/glycolic toner with witch hazel made to prep your skin for exfoliation .
as such i sometimes use it all by itself as a light exfoliant .
i also love it for its price 10 bucks for 240 ml !
we 're close to implementing a i moved '' feature that will allow you to update your district
they 're trying to steal the money owed by social security .
sass-free dragons of tarkir origins battle for zendikar oath of the gatewatch
i also used the autotune feature of powertop though i 'm not sure how much that actually helped .
i hate it cause it makes you feel like your not part of the group cause they will text other people but not u
i have had that beet stuck in my head all night .
loving how all the salt itt is coming from people who truly do think mm is rigged .
do n't worry i got dumped ... eight times ... in a row .
there are definitely some who just see it as a job but i think you 're right when it comes to most players .
i wonder how the people who work backstage feel about all of this ?
this was a lot closer than i would have ever hoped for what a night !
blowout i would n't want to keep myself awake at night wondering what would have happened if one call went out way or if one bucket fell
i must have missed it where are the aegon hints in agot ?
i tried racking my brain and googling but i 'm not finding anything .
do you know of any quotes or passages that hint at him ?
the only part i can think of off the top of my head is the varys/illyrio conversation that arya witnesses in the red keep cellars with the dragon skulls .
just want to pass this along you 're showing as being from the pacific coast but it says you 're in vegas .
as much as i would like to claim vegas so that i could do some uh fact finding you 're region actually falls into the mountain west !
... we now have discrimination down to a science . ''
that one line that solidified the setting for the plot .
i am ethically opposed to the use of mandatory chemical castration/sterilization of offenders .
my understanding of the literature and to be up front i find it such a reprehensible idea that i have not spent a great amount of time reading up on it is that it really does n't work .
i get it the general public views sexual offenders as 'less thans ' and who a good chunk may feel are entitled to no sympathy no humanity and no rights .
well the great thing about the united states is we endow all individuals with basic liberties .
even in prison although we restrict some of these liberties as well .
we do n't get to pick and choose who they apply to .
the moment we decide to marginalize a population and take away all basic liberties is the moment we have gone down some very troubling roads in this country .
restricting them from the community restricting some of their freedoms and making them serve a length of time in this manner is the way we have decided to punish those in this country .
anything further is to fulfill some sense of vengeance we feel toward the population .
to some this may feel good but to me that cost is too high to be beneficial for society .
furthermore instead of teaching offenders skills to alleviate the possibility of offending we take a physical route with questionable effectiveness .
i do n't know how much time he would have saved if he snapped attinella 's ankle .
honestly i can never find them on my normal assigned floors either
do you have any reason to doubt what i 'm saying or are you just so narrow minded that you refuse to admit when you 're wrong ?
but you ca n't prevent someone from passing over the surface .
there are a lot of interesting cases about riparian rights to fish minerals surface rights etc in upstate ny stemming from the salmon fishing industry .
also historic deeds easements and agreements can come into play .
because i did n't want to hassle jat to add it .
i will say thanks have used gimp for years and did not know about that .
he growls and drops the body bag in front of her .
i 've been self harming since i was 11 or 12 and i 'm nearly 24 now and i still feel like that .
i have a lot of scars and i hide my legs because they 're pretty ugly and i ca n't just write them off as scratches from animals at my job but i always feel that since i 've never been able to cut deeply that i 'm fake and other people will think i 'm an attention seeker .
assassin warrior tabi jotunn 's wrath breastplate of valor bulwark of hope brawler 's beatstick titans bane .
warrior warrior tabi breastplate of valor bulwark of hope jotunn 's wrath hide of the urchin mantle of discord .
guardian shoes of focus breastplate of valor bulwark of hope hide of the urchin mantle of discord winged blade .
mage shoes of the magi book of thoth try to kill minions with this you do more damage the more stacks you have and killing minions gives you one stack where gods give i think 5 .
chronos pendant obsidian shard rod of tahuti soul reaver .
there were some flaws in the above builds so i changed some things that i will bold .
sure i 'll post it if it 's still in my match history .
true i only play in premades and we are all affected by it so i guessed more people felt the same way .
and id rather not have to mute all most people are nice to talk to
when are we going to have a national discussion about whether muslims are compatible with western society or not ?
i 'm not gon na shit on the movie but when people who like the movie say underwhelming '' that is when i decide to not spend 24 dollars to see it in the theatre and just wait for bluray .
we 've both suffered the same fate what did we do to deserve this lol
the 20 accuracy is a huge deal unless you have a bronze dagger .
först till kyrkan sen lite frukost och arbete i trädgården .
if you own a dk2 you already have 85 of the cv1 experience .
i 've mostly seen it with tea where the mug is supposed to absorb the flavors from the tea over the years .
they 'd actually get pretty pissed if you cleaned it .
i 've also heard of it as a navy tradition http www.navyhistory.org/2013/11/dont-wash-that-coffee-mug .
if they ever run out of coffee they will add water to a cup like this and drink it .
sort of like when heroin junkies try to use their old cottons ...
increase the contrast of the picture through an image editor before running it through the program .
it makes the colours and the lines more defined .
also keep in mind that images just are n't going to look as good with less colours and a smaller size .
you are only really going to achieve a somewhat photo-realistic cross stitch with a a bigger size and at least 50 or so colours if this painting is colourful .
for point 3 just have a look at the kind of classes and races available and see what sounds cool .
that 's how i came up with my character i saw that drow elf looked sweet and then the sorcerer class caught my eye so i rolled with it .
it 's long enough to maybe cook it but not long enough to burn it .
i think audiences would be expecting something more sophisticated ...
either works for me i 'm super excited to see this go down .
plus i do n't believe that troy brown will take this lightly his df uk debut .
tbh i 'm not yet convinced that mata sundri and mata jito were two different people and they very well may have been but the evidence is lacking .
can someone tell me my pokemon and type for mine
next step her mouth is free for everyone anytime .
i got ta stop right here i ca n't take anyone seriously who refers to figures they do n't like with weird insulting nicknames .
and kfc is japanese their marketing was so good they convinced a nation that does n't celebrate christmas that on christmas you should eat kfc .
if you are an individual delegate it is easy to look at hillary 's initial win as pretty sizeable so perhaps you rationalize it with we had a 5 lead if i do n't go it wo n't be too big of a deal or an alternate will simply fill in .
i got better shit to do than caucus again . ''
then she ended up having 42 of her delegates show up .
i would love to take my throbbing cock and titty fuck you .
that guy had like 100 roles in things including hustle and flow
i 'm new to the area and i live north of the river it is so boring !
i really want to get out the house and do some girly things for once .
if you want to go see the natural wonders of north kc let me know !
parkville and gladstone has parks and trails and stuff .
also i have a lab puppy that i take with me for hikes
alan wake is 7-10 days after qb 's release .
anytime i start to feel a bit blah i re-read this post .
the saying '' there are no ugly women only lazy ones '' is also very true .
my grandmother always used to say you have to suffer to be beautiful '' .. good one to remember at the gym when the pain starts to set in .
the username is just making it hard to take you serious but i have read that about purple before .
you do n't believe that literally all woman are like that ?
maybe they understand that wage increases like this have knock on effects on an economy and that this is just the tip of the sword as siptu implement a plan to plunder the public coffers for their members .
risk of rain is from the same devs as deadbolt .
it gets tough quickly and has incredible replay value .
a single game can last for hours if you 're really good .
yeah i mean i 'm not trying to become really really big just somewhat big .
for me the strength is nice but not my priority .
as for meals it 's hard because i had/have an eating disorder so when i eat i feel like a fat-ass and not eating makes me feel better about shitty things that happen to me but eating is what you have to do to get bigger .
it lets things like halimar excavator do more than look pretty .
tamiyo 's journal is going in rayne alongside thing in the ice trail of evidence and engulf the shore .
brimaz king of oreskos is very happy with open the armory .
i mean he does n't start out with one but he has no qualms about grabbing some soldiers and using his
its a big long dagger of exactly the same shape .
there are real world examples of this weapon that look exactly the same
herding the goats will give you easy access to their meat and horns horns mainly .
i know a girl you described who is beautiful .
she does n't like sports though and is a tv/movie/music buff rather than gaming but she likes board games .
just makes me wonder how some people could be perfect for each other but never meet .
i just had a thought bc i think of her and hope she find 's the right man .
i always see so many people talk about how they are single and wish they had somebody or could meet someone .
he explained one formula that can be successful but that is n't necessarily all there is to it .
an episodic show does n't have to have the characters established in the beginning mushishi does n't do that neither does death parade but those are generally considered good .
while phantom world is n't anywhere near as good as those shows it 's not using a formula all too different if you take out some of the depth .
of course phantom world is n't anything particularly deep or inspiring not every show has to be especially when you 're looking for a casual watch .
it does manage to be entertaining at least entertaining enough for me to not drop it like most of the other shows this season .
some criticisms of the show are deserved but at the same time digibro is being waaaaaay too critical of it .
phantom world is too boring and bad because of it 's lack of character depth and thought-provoking themes and story line but on the other hand when he talks about konosuba it 's an amazing show and there are no criticisms at all ?
reminds me of his beginning-of-season impressions video felt like he was already hating on erased because it was popular yeah maybe there are some valid criticisms but bad ?
hell no it 's probably in the top 20 of most people 's mal lists and the beginning was the strong portion .
yeah you definitely need a sweater for the reasons you 've listed usually the a/c is fucking baltic and they wo n't turn it off you 've paid for air con you 'll get air con ! ! ''
this is definetly the comment i meant to reply to haha this is exactly what i was going for thanks for clearing it up frient .
oh yeah 20 videos recorded at another view model and 5 different dnb songs !
this has been a problem for a few months .
just try again in a day or 2 is what me and a friend had to do .
yes please clean the machine i got a horrible fungal infection that ate part of the palm of my hand from gripping a machine at the gym coulda been weights or the treadmill .
more realism then the likes of counter strike dirty bomb or call of duty .
of course i know how to make a great sign .
everyone wants to know how to make great signs and you know what i tell them ?
i tell them we have a foolproof plan of making great signs .
and that 's why we 're going to be the best at making great signs .
there 's a lot to havel once you start digging into the item descriptions and context clues .
it 's entirely possible to completely miss everything about his story since he 's not a proper boss and he 's not presented in a significant way but there 's a lot there .
this ring was named after havel the rock lord gwyn 's old battlefield compatriot .
hollow who was locked away by a dear friend .
both are creations of seath and can be found in the crystal caves where seath dwells .
gwyn was an ally of havel but he was also an ally to seath and clearly favored seath based on the following .
seath allied with lord gwyn and turned upon the dragons for this he was awarded dukedom embraced by the royalty and given a fragment of a great soul .
although just a piece it will still satiate the lordvessel .
so in havel 's eyes gwyn 's alliance with seath is a terrible terrible thing and havel plotted against him .
havel 's gear can be found hidden behind an illusory wall but what 's even more interesting is there 's an occult club guarded by a mimic in the same room .
occult weapons were used to hunt the gods and are effective against their following and kin .
so havel had a weapon hidden away specifically designed to hurt the gods of which gwyn is one .
so based on all of this we can properly assume that havel was plotting against gwyn who somehow discovered this and had him locked up .
seath being the reason for the whole betrayal in the firstplace has more reason than any to never see him getting loose and puts more measures into place .
some of this you can chalk up to speculation but this story is entirely told through a tale of breadcrumbs .
the maverick is made in mexico is n't it ?
the only time i do n't answer is when i 'm sleeping .
yeah have found my telstra connection very hit and miss today .
i have used it quite lightly while i was out and about but have had a few periods of no service '' .
today my bf and i went for a wander round the quay and ended up walking along by the overseas terminal and saw a huuuge ship radiance of the seas '' .
it has a rock climbing wall right at the top deck from what i could see .
i have never been tempted to take a cruise .
i 'm wondering if anyone here has been on one of these vessels what are they like ?
people who clearly do not drink frequently accuse dean or ric of being drunk .
i was fully expecting it to be a black person saying that finding white people attractive was a social construct but this is so much more insane what does it even mean
i checked to see if my note 3 was having the same problem but it was perfectly fine .
if gpm keeps it up i might have to switch to another app and that would suck because i still have 9 months on my subscription .
would love to attach a skull on the barrel of my combat shotgun .
i 'm going to address all your points in order but please keep it civil .
waving around big terms like mlc tlc and so on wo n't get you anywhere .
there are awful drives of all types and great drives of all types .
without a benchmark to show me that there 's a noticeable 20 difference in boot time game loading time etc .
i know tom 's hardware did a comparison a while back of an ssd on sata ii vs on sata iii .
bear in mind that sata iii has twice the bandwidth .
they agreed that since the difference in real life scenarios is so small it would be worth upgrading to even a sata ii limited ssd .
hence even if the adata sp550 is half as fast as an 850 evo the difference is still nowhere near the 20 or so it takes for us to notice it .
nope for gaming ram is basically a non-factor except in a very small number of games .
i 've had to return faulty ram myself as have many others .
most ram companies make you send back all of your ram kit .
also please mind your language to keep it civil rules .
i said it and included evidence right where i said it .
did you just not read what anandtech pretty much one of the most reliable sources on the internet said ?
let me give you a quote from their article .
discrete graphics card performance decreases on skylake over haswell .
do you seriously think op will need more than 16gb ram before the entire computer is obsolete and needs upgrading in 5-6 years ' time ?
not sure why you 'd want or need more pci slots either .
there 's no upgrade imaginable that 'd need them .
same for sata ports if 4 is n't enough what is with a non-raid setup ?
onboard audio is a reasonable point but op did n't come across as an audiophile to me so i doubt they 'd notice any difference .
i use a super cheap motherboard myself in my build and i 've never had any complaints about the audio quality i consider myself to have good hearing since i 'm a musician .
fair enough there wo n't be any quantifiable difference but i 'm pretty sure that seasonic was n't that price when i did the build or i would have gotten it .
also the 10 year warranty means op can definitely reuse it for their next build .
absolutely you can save on the case but the fractal r5 fits in the budget and is super quiet .
that 's going to have a much much bigger user experience impact that any other upgrade '' that you suggested .
skimping would mean getting a 500gb hard drive a pentium and a case with a built in psu .
i 've merely done a super efficient build that does n't waste money .
next while it 's true that the 980ti is overkill for 1080p60 now in 5-6 years ' time op will be grateful for me having given them a higher end graphics card that will still run aaa titles well at 1080p60 .
also the 980 is a stupid card to buy since most 970s can be overclocked to 980s and the same thing with the 390x most 390s can be overclocked to 390xs .
only the fury makes any sense at all but it 's still a major downgrade from the 980ti .
i 've still not seen any reason why any of my skimped '' parts need upgrading in lieu of the graphics card something that op will notice much more than an ever so slightly faster ssd or dual channel ram etc .
lack of patches including security and the kernel does leak albeit very slowly .
the early game vs a good shaco is so fucking obnoxious .
he will always be up in your shit and just constantly be an asshole .
what effect do you feel your addiction has on your life ?
you say you were able to meet all of your personal and professional goals but are you truly happy ?
not judging in any way at all just wondering .
the reason he 's quiet when you play with him is because the larger hookbill birds parrots some conures are very intelligent and they get bored very easily .
larger parrots have the mentality of about a 3 or 4 year old child .
how do you think a child would react if you ignored them and left them in their playpen for the majority of the day ?
yelling at the bird will not work because parrots have a real love of the theatrical and the more you yell the better they like it and they will yell right back with the sheer joy of being able to outyell you .
so do n't fall into that trap because you will only end up with neighbors complaining about the screaming from both humans and avians .
if you knew just how intelligent they are and how much attention they need you would have done everything in your power to prevent whomever brought him home from doing so .
you may want to think about rehoming the bird because it 's cruel to punish him by banishing him to a room alone for simply wanting attention .
if a human child was crying because they needed attention you would n't lock them in a bathroom right ?
well it 's not right to do it to a bird either .
and when you yell at them it does n't matter to them because they are still getting attention and even negative attention is good attention when you are that desperate for it .
just the fact that you freely admit that you are busy and therefore not able to play with him constantly says that it would be much better for the bird and for you if you were to rehome him .
it does n't matter that you were not the one to bring him home you can be his savior and find him the home that he needs .
this happened because clinton delegates did not show up to represent their precincts .
and any rational person knows the delegate system is messed up and needs to be changed .
considering buying but not sure i wan na throw down the money on it as dark souls 3 comes out soon but i figured a trial would be a good way to try it out till ds3 and if i enjoy it i can pick it up after a few weeks .
kukkalicious was the first ku last night i was the second .
now we 're each in the top 2 largest rooms .
i 'm not sure why we always end up near the front though .
i recommend you do n't arcane blast is one of the best cards in the deck and arcane explosion really is n't worth it i 'd replace the polymorph boar with a second arcane missles
yeah it does n't bother me at all that it wo n't get to a certain place within the manga .
i 'd rather nagasaki direct it the way he does best rather than rush it for manga readers .
gundam build fighters took 25 episodes to do one tournament and it was fantastic .
even if we do n't get far in this i 'm confident in the result .
i 'd always end up with super sized lion exhibits .
nah because its pronounced newfinland '' unlike finlind '' .
we 're kind of particular about how ya say it .
destroy my teleporter right as someone is about to use it then laugh in their face .
the ending was right and consistent it could n't have been any other way .
from s1e1 it was clear she could have never made it back to her '' future because as soon as you step in the past your future is forever lost even if nothing changes you will be born again and your new you will live a new life .
please do n't have feelings get in the way of good writing .
i 've always found it staggering how poor the fuel economy the ej257 and 4g63 produce
never tried keyboard and mouse because i 'm not that masochistic !
i had a quick search though and found this for dark souls at least ... http i.imgur.com/nuaod.jpg
abe oo jumaja your comment was removed because you are a chutiya and we do not allow cross-posts to any sub not even np.reddit.com links .
so go fuck yourself and do n't try this again .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/bakchodi if you have any questions or concerns .
more of those who provide assistance and more of those who actually appreciate it .
what they have in common is something like the 'soul ' .
my grandma told me it 's not exactly the same as a soul in the english meaning but close .
as for how to tell there 's this myth which i do n't remember the details of but here 's the gist of it that there was a stone in some temple and showed an invading king that he had been a pig so he smashed it .
i think hindu astrologers are supposed to be able to tell too .
yeah it was a heat of the moment running at another player and accidentally bumping the ref
det er vel bare en venlig studerende der har forsøgt at bage en gul kage .
it is possible for the isp to misconfigure on their end too hope you have asked them to check that out first .
i know because one time i fat fingered 30000 instead of 300000 in the policy shaper .
client was getting billed for 6months for 300mbps before they realised .
needless to say email chain ran up in 100s lol .
your submission has been temporarily hidden because your account has a low amount of karma or is relatively new .
this is an automatic process for new accounts and does not mean your submission is considered spam .
please message the mods by clicking this link http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fcars amp subject=post 20release 20request amp message=link 20to 20post 3a 20https www.reddit.com/r/cars/comments/4d5nvj/serious_questions_driving_in_cold_downshifting 0a 0amessage 20to 20include 20with 20request 3a 20 and we 'll manually release it !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cars if you have any questions or concerns .
newp they did n't check my ovaries at all until i was in for my 16 week scan iirc .
i do n't think gohan would be cocky as a ssj2 in this scenario because he is n't pissed off at buu like he was at cell for killing people and releasing cell jrs .
in fact the way you mentioned it buu has n't done anything at all .
i think a better way this could go down as per the way you described it is that because gohan is kicking his ass so much and as we know buu is stubborn and a sore loser he simply releases evil buu from him because he knows that he has to hold back to keep evil buu in line inside him .
buu tries anything to win and in his childish fat buu state we can assume that all he knows is that there is a great power inside him that he is trying to keep under wrap but again doing anything to win he lets it go .
i think that is the only thing i 'd change in your scenario .
oh and that vegeta would never shut the fuck up about being the ultimate saiyan .
i feel the whole event humbled him a bit cause he saw how goku and gohan were stronger than him and he pieced together that he was training the wrong way and had the wrong mentality and started to open up to caring for people as we saw when cell killed trunks and when he blew himself up and when beerus hit bulma .
i feel like if he beat cell he 'd be more like he was in the cell saga good but still a dick .
maybe i was mistaken with the open d thing .
i think most of it is on the d and g strings .
and there should be absolutely zero cost to retrieve property when your case is dismissed .
for anime for manga faq http www.reddit.com/r/roboragi/wiki/index r http www.reddit.com/r/roboragi edit https www.reddit.com/r/roboragi/comments/3i82q0/by_mentioning_his_username_roboragi_can_now mistake ?
http www.reddit.com/r/roboragi/submit ? selftext=true title issue text=https www.reddit.com/r/animesuggest/comments/4d5m3s/trying_to_remember_an_anime_about_an_exorcist_in/d1nxs6d source https github.com/nihilate/roboragi ♥ https www.reddit.com/r/roboragi/wiki/thanks rip robobucks™ https www.reddit.com/r/roboragi/comments/4d01t0/rip_robobucks
the sunday times are pretty good at investigative journalism on sporting matters .
they broke a lot of stories regarding fifa corruption around the last world cup bidding process and it 's argued that the lack of votes for england hosting the 2018 world cup was revenge against the english media and the fa who were seen as somewhat rogue and anti-fifa .
i 'm pretty sure they get a lot of these stories by pretending to be agents acting on behalf of powerful people .
this doctor may have said all of this because they pretended to be working for a potential client of his .
ok i would have to assume that you have all the prerequisite dlc 's obviously
1066 abbasid caliph emir of baghdad reclaim the arabian empire and go jihadin like a baws .
867 rurik jarl of however the fuck it 's pronounced .
and skilling up a tengu for skill transfer does n't sound like a bad proposition either .
i could be wrong but i thought skill inheritance only applied on rem cards .
i wanted rest but i needed to see my master .
i told him '' will i get payed for this ?
i will need money to gear for the upcoming fights . ''
there 's not a chance i 'm paying a grand extra for something i do n't want .
people do a little reading on this guy and see what you come up with .
id rather have a nice looking tall pint glass than a shitty fat one that makes fosters look even shitter .
it 's already disgusting i 'd rather it looked tasty
a woman can have a y chromosome just as a man could lack the same .
i also can not create an account in the application it will tell me to try again later '' .
so i keep getting the same message that you have unable to connect to the specified computer .
make sure the required ports are allowed through the firewall '' .
i think it 's because i need to log into nvidia gamestream but again i can not do that .
i 'm definitely not buing 10k worth of equipment at once .
i already have two monitors nice chair nice keyboard mouse but i lack the mbp that has the os that simply is the best for web development
i 've wasted an enourmous amount of time trying to debug weird behaviour on iphones it 's possible without osx safari..
it does n't seem to be working now though .
it was some kid yelling about arctic fox fur .
i would say there is n't a huge difference .
you could argue that religion has less to do with the west 's idea of modesty but i think it has a part in both .
i think the largest difference is that here they are social norms although there are still laws about nudity not being allowed while there they are actual laws .
oh i had a friend tell me the same story the worst part was that he had to go to the very hospital i worked at
so i just received my clan 's uniform but it 's the default ugly beige color when i equip it .
in the guild tab it says that the design is being crafted finished in 1 more day .
in 1 more day will i have to retrieve an item to apply to my uniform or will the design automatically be applied to my uniform ?
i do n't want to wear an ugly beige uniform ... .__.
ncsoft has decided that i need to change the email associated with it
check that the email link is n't fake like this http www.fakelink.com http www.reallink.com .
in my opinion a second set of elite specs is missing to be able to compare the full effect of the system and that hot should have shipped with a second set to set proper balance .
i 'm saying that this sub has two different standards for kanye and other artists .
when i was in this thread every comment said desiigner was a cornball he should n't be getting famous fsmh2 was his only claim to fame it was uncomfortable/cringeworthy to watch .
at least did n't sound that way to me .
and i 'm talking about the performance of ulb on snl .
when kanye announced the album 's drop on tidal .
he literally laid down on the floor for the last minute of the song and then screamed gibberish about how the album was on tidal and no one said he was too hype like they 're saying about desiigner
i 'd argue that laws are constructed to stop you from harming someone else 's property
that 's clearly not the sole purpose of law .
i think you 're conflating is '' and should . ''
oh bore off it 's bad defending no matter what league you 're in stop acting like i 'm persecuting you because it 's the mls .
you 're a player down yet the other three defenders push right up leaving a huge exploitable gap the guy on the right makes no effort at all to get and the two who do run right into each other .
as much as i love the game series demons dark and blood this is just over the top begging for good press/reviews .
inference is that they were gun running and/or general logistics support .
the bscr claim that they had a humanitarian role helping people escape conflict areas which in a sense is true .
but it 's obvious that these are not innocent boats .
i 'm on my tablet atm so i 'll assume the latter because it 's simpler to explain .
basically black people in the u.s. there was a huge movement encouraging black people to adopt white '' hairstyles because of course even beauty standards have racial coding .
and you may have noticed that the natural hair of people of different ethnicities tend to be different in every respect .
so decades of marketing of sometimes painful or dangerous cosmetics to black men and women designed to emulate the style of their oppressors .
there are some really good essays out there on this .
i remember reading one about this guy 's childhood where every day as a child his father spent like 45 minutes carefully applying some kind of goose fat to his hair so that it would be straight and shiny .
it was just as contrived and hard to follow as the f1 qualifying ... ..
shout out to everyone who clicked this link for the wire reference .
it exists in the us too libel laws gagging orders etc .
trump is a leading presidential candidate and wants to alter press freedom by making it illegal to publish unverified info or lies '' as they are known more commonly .
i 'm a huge fan can you sign my shirt ?
i feel kinda awkward every time el_vper reminds us to not hype phoenix cases .
ranked is kinda a proving ground when it comes to a fighting game .
i see this alot from new players and its totally understandable .
a big problem is ranks are all over the place .
alot of the time a similar rank wo n't be similar skill .
just as easily you could be putting yourself on tilt with a he 's better then me because he is silver ... '' adittude .
there is nothing wrong with learning how to play before playing ranked .
i just do n't hear people talk about it and never had a chance to try .
it has n't been updated in long time and people reported critical errors .
i was 68949 euw the oldest account is prolly a na account
a lot of the changes were to do with roman power being on the way
sure but that was largely caused by roman power being attacked and defeated by invading groups .
internal stability was another but invasion sealed the deal so to speak .
switching their allegiances to barbarian elites such as the goths and franks and adopting their cultural identity and dress .
when a foreign group comes in destroys your people 's armies sacks your cities makes off with many of your people as slaves then settles down and declares you now owe allegiance to them oh and you 're also legally worth half that of one of the newcomers was that allegiance forced ?
eventually as generations pass the differences were forgotten and even the contemporaries had to find ways to live their lives in the new reality which yes meant swearing a new allegiance .
but that does n't mean it was n't forced .
my campaign is pretty boring atm ... sided with the nords .
so for christmas i bought my girlfriend some glow-in-the-dark playing cards and we were looking to try them under a blacklight .
for now just in case we are covering the cage with a thick blanket while we play so as to make sure none gets through while still making sure that the hammy can get fresh air so no worries but i have seen posts of people decorating their tanks with blacklights so i 'm fairly curious as to if they 're bad for the little hammy eyes .
if you do know where did you find out ?
i 'm scared of putting forth the effort towards getting better because then i 'm scared that i 'm using ocd as an excuse to stay in denial .
like i 'd rather be miserable with ocd than try to improve the condition and take the risk that i could be in denial .
most importantly i 'm terrified that in the process of getting better i 'll realize that i 'm not improving which would mean my obsession is true .
helping someone get into the game but i know i 'm forgetting a few upcoming changes .
if it helps it was before the deck slots dropped and was on the front page for a while
we have a tv mounted and unused in our office and i 'd like to use it to have vrops dashboards displaying .
what views do you recommend using/creating to utilise the screen effectively ?
i got these jeans the other day and although they fit a little tight i 'm sure wearing them will break them in so they fit well .
the concern i have is this little butt bump i have right under the waist band .
hello steam users i 'm a trader that live in indonesia http en.wikipedia.org/wiki/indonesia sea south east asia region http en.wikipedia.org/wiki/southeast_asia .
i 'm one of the oldest bundle trader since 2013 .
i have been trading since december 2013 and never got any negative reputation rep .
reply here first or comment in my steam profile before adding me .
for indiegala bundle i will need your mail to send the gift .
1st priority will always go to whoever send me a trade offer .
reminder keys gems that you just purchased will be restricted for 7 days before you can trade it
you must be at least have proven trader '' flair or any high reputation .
send the money as friends/family or as a gift .
you need to comment below and i will pm you with the payment details .
indonesia/malaysia price is for sea trader only indonesia malaysia philippines singapore thailand and vietnam .
this is due to the gift i buy in steam store will be sea region locked .
this is a restricted gift which can only be redeemed in these countries indonesia malaysia philippines singapore thailand viet nam
if you want to ask the price just comment below .
pre-purchase homefront the revolution freedom fighter bundle http store.steampowered.com/app/223100 15 keys 30
i also have a dispenser.tf bot to handle most of the steam gifts .
you can check what 's in stock here meduka meguca dispenser bot http dispenser.tf/qbbot btn
agarest generations of war 2 prepuchase bonus https dispenser.tf/market/11676 3 3.3 keys
half minute hero the second coming https dispenser.tf/market/21388 5 1 key
indiegala grim trekker http i.imgur.com/zzxauf3.png 4 1 key for 2 bundles 2000 gems 1
indiegala deadly strike http i.imgur.com/s2fbbzj.jpg 7 1 key for 2 bundles 2000 gems 1
indiegala entertainment jam http i.imgur.com/rbmwz0x.jpg 9 1 key for 2 bundles 2000 gems 1
indiegala the rockin ' anime http i.imgur.com/zvtpmoq.jpg 28 1 key for 2 bundles 2000 gems 1
indiegala frontline assault http i.imgur.com/tsl7c2p.jpg 7 1 key for 2 bundles 2000 gems 1
indiegala ex machina http i.imgur.com/tkruyqt.jpg 14 1 key for 2 bundles 2000 gems 1
indiegala reverse fusion http i.imgur.com/buiktyt.jpg 12 1 key for 2 bundles 2000 gems 1
indiegala tokyo anime mega bundle http i.imgur.com/7wpj2ng.jpg 9 1 key i return 1500 gems 2500 gems 1.25
indiegala yrminsul debut http i.imgur.com/vl7sx0x.jpg 15 1 key i return 500 gems 3500 gems 1.75
indiegala grab the games http i.imgur.com/ted70pi.jpg 15 1 tod 1500 gems 0.75
indiegala phoenix online http i.imgur.com/1bxshs9.jpg 18 1 key for 2 bundles 2000 gems 1
indiegala secret legends http i.imgur.com/w1tnfq2.jpg 17 1 key for 2 bundles 2000 gems 1
indiegala indie mosaic http i.imgur.com/drwns59.png 1 1 key for 2 bundles 2000 gems 1
indiegala smack down http i.imgur.com/ep6rewk.png 15 1 key for 2 bundles 2000 gems 1
indiegala monday bundle 102 http i.imgur.com/cc4zg06.jpg 3 1 key i return 500 gems 3500 gems 1.75
indiegala hump day 15 http i.imgur.com/9nc6xyd.jpg 2 1 key for 2 bundles 2000 gems 1
indiegala hump day 16 http i.imgur.com/oaosejs.jpg 1 1 key for 2 bundles 2000 gems 1
indiegala hump day 18 http i.imgur.com/worh306.jpg 12 1 key i return 1000 gems 3000 gems 1.5
indiegala friday special 29 http i.imgur.com/yjfyvwf.jpg 10 1 key for 2 bundles 2000 gems 1
to centralized things i have moved all reservations to my reddit steamgameswap thread https www.reddit.com/r/steamgameswap/search ? q=author 3aanecdot11 restrict_sr=on t=day so it will be easier for me to edit in one go .
i only do other bundle on demand only and i ca n't guarantee the price is cheaper than my indiegala price .
it will be more expensive if you can buy the bundle yourself .
first of all i 'd like to say that the customer service here really blew me away .
they fixed an issue that was not even on their end to get the juices to me .
i got to try two sample packs some of them i had heard about on here some of them just things i thought i 'd like .
with so much talk about the m-bomb i was a bit confused .
is there supposed to be close to no flavour ?
there was normal clouds so i was n't taking small hits but there was just barely a hint of fruit .
it was the only flavour out of the sample packs that had a lack of flavour .
what was there was delicious but it almost did n't exist .
i took a lot of inspiration from boards of canada also daft punk .
this is something that honest-to-goodness keep me up at night .
namely that i 'll end up going to hell because i did n't pick the right faith .
maybe i should have been an evangelical and not a catholic .
i mean i feel like i 'm pretty well educated but all the education i could possibly amass in my mortal life would n't be enough to rule out the possibility of just being wrong .
and i could go to hell for being wrong .
i would really appreciate it if someone could tell me what 's in my friend safari .
lately i 've been doing a lot of celebrity related prompts and i 've also been doing something vanilla and romantic .
in this prompt i want to tell a story where a celebrity and i fall for each other and eventually lead to us dating and more maybe if we 're good partners .
i 'd love for this to be long term and super sweet and romantic .
i have a list but in order to see it you have to drop me a pm .
i have a few ideas also but if you have one then i 'd love to hear it .
i assume 300k reservations right now and tesla is saying 500k production by 2020 ... am i too late to buy this thing in 2 years ?
a very well done military political thriller involving terrorists in kenya and a joint english american and kenyan military operation primarily focused on the use of satellite recon and an armed drone and the implications of being able to deliver death remotely .
send any offers in keys or items that you would like d https steamcommunity.com/tradeoffer/new ? partner=204763521 token=pl8xejso
so i just beat the forge on legend and it spawned a ufo .
i 'm trying to figure out how the movement and detection works ...
since i want to actually try out the defense matrix thing .
however it only lasts like a day or two since it 's not from a dark event i guess ?
can anyone suggest a book with more complicated arrangements of pop songs similar to the dan coates book of advanced piano solos ?
i play at a store and would like to add more pop to my repertoire .
most of my music right now consists of jazz standards/broadway/disney/classics .
i am a decent sightreader but have limited ear training or improv .
i would also appreciate recommendations for interesting and faster-paced classical pieces .
i had a shopper scold me for playing canon in d because it was too boring . ''
i just got into a fight with my so about the smallest stuff and no spotify playlist has what i need .
i have 500 already and am planning to save at least a little more .
i want a nice laptop but i mostly just play dota so i 'm open to any suggestions on how much more i should save over 600 if it 's worth it i 'll do it .
do you prefer a 2 in 1 form factor good battery life or best specifications to your requirements for the money ?
a good battery life would be nice but i think prioritizing power is the most important thing at this price .
i will be carrying it around in a backpack everyday so it kind of matters but i 'm spoiled from gaming on a big custom desktop too .
7 would be nice but i know they mostly come with 10 now .
maybe one that 's not too awkward for class but a bigger screen in dota=more vision which is very nice .
mostly this is a dota 2 machine that will also be used for homework and video .
if you 're gaming leave blank if you put n/a above ... do you have certain games you want to play ?
it does n't take much to run dota but i still want a nice laptop that i can be proud of and rely on .
i do play other and new games too but i understand that under 1000 it 's hard to expect ultra high quality .
like i said though if there 's a nice laptop that 's worth it my price range is up for consideration .
any specific requirements such as good keyboard reliable business grade build quality touch-screen finger-print reader optical drive or good input devices keyboard/touchpad ?
leave any finishing thoughts here that you may feel are necessary and beneficial to the discussion .
i have a job and i can finally afford to pwn noobs at somewhere other than my house .
i love my custom desktop and use it constantly but as a student i 'm not always at my apartment i 've wanted a nice laptop for a long time .
can you guys point me in the right direction ?
would love to get some ditto 's for breeding needs and to find out what my fs is !
hello mods i hope this is n't illegal but i do n't see anything on the sidebar or anything stickied that says otherwise .
i have two drobos a 5d drdr5a21 and a 3rd gen 4-bay usb3 ddr3a21 .
the 3rd gen has never been registered and therefore should carry a full year warranty .
the 5d is missing only the thunderbolt cable but otherwise both are complete with boxes .
they 're both in good nick and almost unused .
they never did get along with my hackintosh server and i ended up getting larger drives than were then supported by drobo.
i have a 3rd gen 4-bay usb3 drobo ddr3a21 which has never been registered and therefore should carry a full year warranty .
it 's in good shape and almost unused as it did n't get along with my hackintosh server .
please feel free to pm me if you 'd like it .
i have floor prices for each of them and i 'm willing to offer a reasonable discount if you take both of them together. happy to meet around dc northern va or moco .
i will not ship them and i will not accept anything other than cash though so please do n't ask it 'll just put both of us in a difficult position .
it has been said that if a person uses the mangekyo to much their eyes enter the darkness become blind basically .
if their eyes become blind do they still get to use their powers because becoming blind does n't necessarily mean that they ca n't use their abilities anymore .
i was a psychology major in undergrad so i naturally took psychological statistics instead of statistical methods '' .
i would like to retake this course applying osteopathic route but other than my ug uni i do n't know any other places that offer it .
i am able to take statistical methods i '' at the local cc but i do n't know if would replace my psych stat class or not .
p math 1065 or equivalent or math 1066 psyc 1000 or psyc 1060 .
probability with emphasis on sampling distributions used for prediction and hypothesis testing .
selection computation and interpretation of parametric and nonparametric inferential statistics including introduction to analysis of variance .
this course provides a project-based approach to introductory statistics with an emphasis on using real-world data and statistical literacy .
topics include descriptive statistics correlation and regression basic probability discrete and continuous probability distributions confidence intervals and hypothesis testing .
upon completion students should be able to use appropriate technology to describe important characteristics of a data set draw inferences about a population from sample data and interpret and communicate results .
we have just officially launched our crimson gaming ark server with x4 exp x3.5 taming and x4 gathering !
the max level for players and dinos are 400 !
the server is on 5.0 difficulty which means some base dinos are very high !
we have also set up a custom config for leveling up which takes the cap away and at level 100 get enough engram points to learn everything !
we also have active admins and our own teamspeak to join .
please visit our website for more information and rules at www.crimsongamingau.com also check out our teamspeak to chat with players and join tribes at ts.crimsongamingau.com
i 'm looking forward to all you videos articles and posts about your experiences this month with the vive .
the one game i 'm hoping will be a knock out experience is elite dangerous .
i love that game on a 2d screen let alone vr .
for those of you who might have a youtube account with the vive and oculus could you do a comparison video of moving around the cockpit .
like try to look directly over the radar under the seat .
would really like a good extensive walk around looking at every nook and cranny .
if it 's just the vive that 's fine too .
twenty some years ago when we got our first pc i discovered stars ! .
i loved it even though i did n't have anyone to play it with at the time .
over a decade later i was able to play it multiplayer finally and loved it although it was quite a pain .
just recently i discovered aurora and am thoroughly enjoying it but is there anything close to these games that has proper multiplayer ?
i do n't care if it is old or new has modern graphics or is 3d or 2d .
it does n't even have to be space based .
i just want a game that is deep like these with proper multiplayer but pbem is better than nothing .
so my fh is a software developer and will be building our whole wedding website from scratch thank you love ! .
we think that we have reasonable ideas about what should be on it .
ceremony info map to location hotel block info registry link and online rsvps .
i 've heard some complaints about the way some websites handle online rsvps .
1 what do you think is the best way to handle an online rsvp ?
we were thinking of giving each invitation a code and when guests type the code for the invitation they are prompted to rsvp for the exact number of people the invitation is sent for .
this would negate the problem of people adding in their own 1s .
the rsvp would include the menu option dietary restrictions and a comment section .
2 what else did you wish that your website could do ?
we are under the impression that you only need pages that present the info and a form type thing for the rsvps .
are there any other features we should write in ?
so i plan on buying the ot in the steel cases as well as the pt but a lot of the reviews seem to say that they are the original unaltered versions .
which is great if that 's the case but they seem to not be touched in any way .
is that the case or is it a re release of the blu ray versions from a couple of years ago .
according to a teacher of mine during these experiments as much as 30-40 transformants may be recovered .
how is this possible given there is only one piece of dna being inserted into a host cell 's dna
well it 's been almost a month or so since i have had to post !
that my sil has started behaving and stopped causing issues ... .well sadly it 's only because my sil has n't been to sunday dinners at my in-laws in forever .
sunday dinner comes around and shockingly my sil is there .
my so and i had recently been looking at homes .
sitting around the dinner table the questioning begins with my bil asking if my so told me about a house we were suppose to look at .
i say no thinking that would be the end..why would i ever think that ?
sil glares at so and scoffs and says she is n't surprised the my so did n't tell me .
so begins her assault ... what kind of house did we look at ?
she mentions there is a house very close to theirs .
so close my bil mentions we could install a gate in between our fences .
none of this came as a shock seeing as how for the last 2 months sil has tried to push us into moving into their neighborhood .
i politely tell her we may we check it out .
telling me all about the house even pulling it up to show me .
so and i want a more modern suburban style home .
she pushes saying if we dump enough money into it we can make it however we want .
it was apparent she either believes we are made of money or that i have the ability to conjure it up at will .
my mil tries conversing about a show she had seen on tv earlier .
sil interrupts mil to ask about what so and i want in a house .
sil talks asking what kind of floors we want how many windows what kind of paint .
eventually she comes out and tells me she thinks the house she showed me would be perfect for us .
i ended up telling her i did n't like the style and it looked too old .
she bit back and said it looked like her house .
thinking i could escape i went into the kitchen with mil so and bil .
conversation relaxed a bit and i had shrugged off the assault from earlier .
just as i let my defense down here comes sil .
mil and i were in a conversation about a family member .
apparently not happy with my previous statements she begins her assault again .
why do n't i want to move next to them ?
there it was ... again with the hidden '' question .
at this point i was pretty annoyed feeling more like i was being interrogated instead of being at dinner .
i stared her down and told her i would never live next to any family members again .
no matter how close we were it 's not something i want .
did i finally manage to get through her thick skull that i do not want to live next to them ?
as they were leaving sil gets really close to me stares me down and tells me she will send me the info on the house for us to look at .
how many times can you tell someone no before they realize that ... no means no .
please check to make sure the name of who linked you this page is match perfect above .
please check the date on this rep page to see how long i have been trading
please do not delete this users may feel free to add any other rep here steamtrades.com r/sgs rep r/gcxrep etc but understand that the only fully accepted rep on r/indiegameswap is on igsrep .
traders may reject trades for any suspicion and should feel free to contact the mods for background checks http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/igsrep
she 's ready to apply the grafts to chris .
if i buy a item from a bundle and than the bundle itself .
will i have to pay full plat and get two of the same items or will i only have to pay for the items in the bundle i do n't already own ?
as far as we know the tavern brawls with random decks were the most popular ones and there was that post where someone complained about how the create a random deck '' function has disappeared and how fun it was when we played against friends when no one knew what cards we had in our decks so what if we had a third option besides wild and standard where the deck was 100 random every time you click play '' ?
encounter at the crossroads tavern brawl basically it could be casual friendly match only .
this was my first attempt at sewing anything used my wife 's sewing machine and watched a video on youtube about making a zipped bag .
i had decided that a case with binary inside would be cool for the code keyboard and after finding the material exists i just had to make it .
it 's not as neat or well made as it could be i have been lugging my code back and forth to and from work until i can find my second mechanical so it had to be made quick and dirty to keep the keyboard safe .
hi i 'm a gn1 player who is looking for like-minded players to queue with and improve .
i am a very team-oriented player as much as you can be in mm anyway heh .
know smokes for almost every map in rotation along with basic strats flashes mollies etc .
the only map i do not play is dust 2 sorry ! !
i have a 3rd interview next week for a higher ed administrative role .
this interview is with hr manager and operations manager two people i have not met with yet .
how are 3rd interviews different if at all than the standard job interview ?
i would appreciate any tips ways to prepare and questions to ask them .
i 've done the question thing a bunch of times and gotten some interesting answers/had some nice conversations .
i found some people like to ask me questions in return so i thought i would have some fun with it and give people an option of a little truth or dare as well .
1 besides the obvious breasts butt genitalia what 's your greatest erogenous zone ?
2 what 's one thing that really turned you on that you did n't expect ?
3 what 's one thing you 'd like to try in real life not rp but have n't ?
4 what 's the biggest difference between someone you want to have sex with and someone you want to date ?
5 what 's something not explicitly sexual that turns you on ?
bonus if someone were trying to get to know you sexually what 's one thing they should ask ?
sorry if this has been answered but i ca n't seem to find it .
saved broadcasts are saved for 2 weeks but how long do highlights last ?
they sold these on the club nintendo store which is now not running .
there are some on bay right now but they seem overpriced .
also sorry if this is the wrong thread i am trying to get more into reddit and do n't know the ins and outs yet p .
her youtube account https www.youtube.com/user/meowmeowparadise was made private mere days ago and all that 's left on bandcamp is some tribute albums .
i find myself sometimes saying random stuff like kappa or pogchamp out loud in conversations .
i will explicitly do this if i know the other person watches twitch .
for the last couple days there is notification sounding on my phone but when i check there is no notification in the bar .
i went through my apps trying to figure out which one it is but none of them have notifications set with that tone .
is there a way to figure out where it is coming from ?
it sounds every hour on the hour and then every 16 or so minutes .
i have the in game ticker on and mlb.com updates on will i get live mlb scores update as i play ?
i just installed arch on a new uefi gtx 980 intel i5 build and i 'm experiencing 3 odd symptoms .
shutting down hangs for 60 seconds with a 'no signal ' on the monitor .
i get 'no signal ' on the monitor when switching tty with ctrl+alt+f n .
logging out gives 'no signal ' and never returns to the console as it should after leaving a startx session .
i fixed these issues by setting the 'nomodeset ' kernel parameter but this in turn broke intel_snd_hda making sound playback impossible .
now i 've removed the 'nomodeset ' to get sound working and i 'm no closer to fixing my gpu struggles .
edit when i try startx with gnome-session i get 'no signal ' immediately after calling startx .
here 's the relevant journalctl output during the startx call
nvrm your system is not currently configured to drive a vga console on the primary vga device .
the nvidia linux graphics driver requires the use of a text-mode vga console .
use of other console drivers including but not limited to vesafb may result in corruption and stability problems and is not supported .
nvidia-modeset loading nvidia kernel mode setting driver for unix platforms 361.28 ...
my priming sugar for bottling has an off-white tinge to it .
it was made with sucrose 2/3 cup in 2 cups of water .
it may be from whatever was cooked in the pot before .
has anyone ever had this color of priming sugar water ?
it took about a minute to just go from one position on the dd team setup page to the next .
this is kind of embarrassing for one of the flagship baseball series .
i 'm starting to have some doubts about the banner and want to see if someone can convince me that i should focus the 200-250 mythril i 'll have all on fft or if i should try to pull for genji blade peacemaker or wutai headband ... or if there are any other ssbs coming up ... i have thor hammer 35 party atk holy lance heavy regen 30 party atk platinum fist 5.0/2 35 party atk diamond pin party hastega protectga and seeker 's shield hastega restore 1 ability to each party member .
i say this because i have some hastega and some boostga ... so while clearly scream is better as it is a higher boost and combines boostga and hastega .
but my odds are pretty low that i will hit it .
i am wondering why the rest of the banner is so beloved ... i know the medica for ramza is awesome but again chances are low ... and if i get crazy lucky and pull both then i can only really use one or the other .
i 'd like some arguments for and against each banner .
part of me really just wants to grab some multi-hit physical damage ssbs and create/hone more lifesiphons so i can spam them and use my 35 boostga to wreck people .
tl/dr why is fft banner so good for someone who already has hastega and boostga relics ?
would i be better off trying to get multi-hit sbs from phase 5 ?
i am a sokuk member and since it will take like 12 hours for the next merge will i get kicked if i turn my pc off ?
we had whoever it was come and install the nbn box today while i was out .
last week the dug the trench and laid cable to about halfway to where we wanted it today i come home to this .
it looks half-assed to me and i have no idea if the optic fiber is uv resistant i would assume not .
plus they put a bracket in higher up then took it off again fucking up the paint in the process .
it seems unlikely to me that leaving the top of it open like that and having the fiber unsheathed is ok but i would n't know .
edit thanks everyone who gave ma a legit answer .
consensus seems to say its fine so i 'm ok with that .
i 'm an 18 year old registered independent voting in my first election and it 's depressing .
i tend to have libertarian or libertarian-ish beliefs and now that rand 's out and ron is n't running i 'd love to see one of the libertarian candidates win instead of the con artists currently leading in both major parties .
so i 've started thinking about some things we might be able to do in order to become a mainstream movement .
the first thing is pretty obvious and has been talked about a lot around here and that 's reforming our election laws .
it 's ridiculous that libertarians or other third parties have such trouble getting on the ballot and even if they do because our elections are winner-take all nobody bothers voting third party .
even though we all know this needs work i think we could work even harder for it and especially with the current election make a really hard push if we coalesce around this as an issue .
alright so what if we get the election reform that we need so badly ?
my title promises four things i think would help libertarians .
the other three are regarding how we frame our positions .
i should state before i begin that my actual beliefs are more or less orthodox libertarianism and i 'm just talking about how to present that to the general public .
stop talking about eliminating things like social security medicare medicaid etc .
the american people like these programs it 's hard to ween people off things they 're used to using as government sponsored crutches and even though we hear the nuance of slowly replacing these things with private plans we need to think of a better smaller government way to reform these programs and not come across as the screw you we like social darwinism '' party .
on foreign policy libertarians are always taken to be isolationists despite screaming from the rafters that we are not .
heck war hawks give bernie sanders who is by no means a hawk more credit for being tough on terrorism '' than they do ron paul even though that 's nonsense .
but i say we could learn from how good old bernie as much as in reality we disagree with him on how to present foreign policy .
abandon the typical libertarian nuance of talking nap and keeping out of foreign entanglements and stick to being strong on destroying national security and do say the words destroy when talking about isis for example and doing so with a congressional declaration of war and international cooperation focus on keeping people safe without spying on them focus on keeping defense spending but cutting excess military spending focus on support for israel and the un in some cases though i 'm not a fan of a lot of un actions and focus on our opposition to unpopular wars in iraq and libya supported by both republicans and democrats .
the strength of libertarians is as a new anti-corruption party that breaks from politics as usual and is still new to most americans .
i think we can do a better job of tackling issues of corruption and forming libertarian solutions to problems like money in politics for example .
we are ahead of both major parties and side with the american people on pot we have innovative solutions on immigration and abortion .
present this but maybe even do so without the libertarian label because to many people sadly the label of libertarian '' means a social darwinian anarcho-capitalist .
tldr disassociate from the conception of libertarian '' market ourselves as the freedom party '' or something and do n't come across as anarcho-capitalist uncaring about the poor or about foreign affairs or fringe .
somebody please make an official post about the chapters i absolutely no idea how to do it .
i 've been playing this game for 15 days now and as such this is my first world tournament .
i 've been grinding the tournament for what i would say a decent amount of time .
i 've managed to rack up 10million points so far but looking at the leaderboard i see the top player currently has over 80 million points .
it 's not feasible for these scores to exist unless i 'm playing wrong and not achieving maximum points for every tournament .
on a good run i reach the finals with little over 100k points and possible and with 130k .
how low are these values and how can i maximise my points ?
i 'm a little nervous posting since this is my first film i hope you guys like it i made my first short film and wanted to know how could i improve the camera angles lighting music and color grade also just feed back on my video would be great https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=ihtb22jglzw
just looking to see how much my kubrow would sell for .
there is sentiment coming to the surface that there is absolutely nothing that the common man can do to stop these mad people .
we absolutely must start talking about ways the masses can effectively jail and prosecute them .
hi all would anyone be able to help me with getting the console to mobile unlocks ?
the fact that they are not covering panamapapers is proof that they are a propaganda source not a news source .
links to their site and other news outlets that do n't cover this should be banned from getting the traffic bumps that they get from r/news .
nothing better than to get a snag after a hard earned day without having to venture to bunnings .
recently i asked her a question if she wants to marry me someday she said she did n't know .
i told her if you do n't see me as your future husband why are you still here ?
that 's when she became cold and says that she knows she 's been bad and unfair to me coz ' she ca n't give me what i deserve .
that i 'll only keep on getting hurt i told her i do n't expect her to love me more than i love her and that i 'm happy with her .
i told her what 's important is now that we love each other now and i 'm willing to wait for her decision in the future .
tl dr i asked my gf if she sees me as her future husband she says she does n't know .
is it okay to stay with someone who does n't see you as of yet in her future ?
do i seem familiar at all to you just stumbled across this subreddit againand wanted to say hi regardless of it being seemingly dead .
if you read this then hello former brethren and i wonder if you guys are still in the robbin race ?
so i 'm wondering if i should pick up this game or not .
last game of storm i played was 3 and the online lagged all the time .
hello i would appreciate if you guys could give me some ideas about which conventional machines involved in production processes that can be automated .
i 'm trying to write a script bash which should start a short selftest via smartctl for example
and after the test is finished i want it to write the new smartvalues in a logfile .
well ... now i need a return value for wether the selftest is running or not .
i want the script to sleep for a minute and then check if the selftest is still running if it is sleep for a minute and so on ...
but i just ca n't find a proper way to do this .
i know smartctl gives return values for a few errors and stuff but that 's not what i need
i 'm running a debian jessie the script will in the end be running on a debian live build with the debian live builder
any help information or a workaround would be highly appreciated .
just wanted to say i love the positivity on this reddit !
it 's so refreshing and pleasant after the turmoil of r/pokemongo .
i 've been hearing a lot about evolution lately and i just wanted to see if anyone knew .
it kind of feels like everyone knows something that i 'm completely lost about so i just wanted to be clear .
when evolving pokemon do you lose all the other pokemon you captured for the sake of shards ?
or do you simply take the shards and have 49 magikarp and one gyarados lying around ?
sorry if this repetitive or is n't the place but i had n't seen anyone bring it up so i just wanted to make sure that it was clear and whether or not we even know yet .
also does anyone have that list of the biomes from the apk i cant find it anymore pls and ty
he maintains the belief that this is a fry up .
i 'm having now roughly about 2,2m x 3m free of space .
i know that about 95 of all vr-games will work in this space and some games easily scale up to 10m of playarea .
but whats the app/game with the biggest minimum area required ?
hello i have a low float huntsman night ft at 0.156fv .
any as400s have a hella long wait until their eads ?
i heard they can move forward but anyone know how ?
being mindful that everyone is entitled to their opinion which is why i would like to get a general feel about it from others..
me personally i fucking hate it just not my cup of tea .
plus its getting closer and closer to that point of gaming where i do n't want gaming to go .
i mean do n't get me wrong i love how far we have come from nes/sega days to the now current platforms but i think just how much longer are we going to push the boundary 's ?
how long until games stop feeling like games more like reality ?
i mean some of the graphics and game play these days are pretty darn close .
but you can still detach yourself from the fact knowing that its a control or mouse in your hand a tv screen and in most cases than none you take out a disc and insert into a machine as real as the graphics are we can still relate to the fact that its a computer generated image ... .
but how long before we go too far ? ? ?
how long before the reasons we play games is to have fun and escape reality is lost ?
maybe it 's not me that 's broken it 's just everything around me that 's fucked .
i do n't know if knowing the answer to this would make me feel better or worse .
do you ever wonder what different realities are like ?
1 ak-47 redline field-tested http steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198038261070/inventory 730_2_5686063419 0.22316707670689 http csgo.exchange/item/5686063419 sticker ninjas in pyjamas cluj-napoca 2015 http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c ninjas in pyjamas 7c cluj-napoca 2015 sticker ninjas in pyjamas cluj-napoca 2015 http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c ninjas in pyjamas 7c cluj-napoca 2015 sticker ninjas in pyjamas cluj-napoca 2015 http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c ninjas in pyjamas 7c cluj-napoca 2015 sticker rpk mlg columbus 2016 http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c rpk 7c mlg columbus 2016 2
send offers through i may have made a mistake with prices so let me know !
all prices are 85 bar the st awp which is 1 key over 85
i feel it removes an important element from the show .
since it now we no longer have to look forward to new pod vehicles every other episode since they 're all technically same vehicle where as it could have been a great way to introduce cool and unique vehicles as well as reintroduce some of our old favorites .
as it stands i feel really underwhelmed whenever they trot out a pod vehicle because i know what to expect .
not even the mole gets to have a cool not redesign it 's just another pod bolt on piece .
i mean it makes sense from a design and workload perspective because you do n't have to put work into designing a huge amount of vehicles .
i just kind of hope they come up with a reason to have non-modular pod vehicles in the future and a reason to redesign the mole .
since now that the series is going into it 's second season they may have the opportunity do this now .
i hope i 'm not sounding sour as i say these things .
it 's just something i think is a big missed opportunity .
i 've been telling myself for weeks that april 20th is the last day i will ever smoke .
today i hit emotional rock bottom and ran out of weed so i decided today would be the day to start my new journey to sobriety .
i 'm trying to quit cold turkey but am quite fearful i 'll relapse with weed being legal in the state i live in .
i realize that there are going to be sights smells and feelings that will trigger my craving for weed .
there are activities that i do currently that i associate directly with smoking .
how do i begin to build myself back up to deal with feelings of boredom or exhaustion that trigger cravings for pot ?
how do i overcome this built up anxiety from smoking to go out and do something else ?
i 'm scared i wo n't be able to deal with this addiction and break free from it .
i guess that 's what this subreddit 's for knowing i have the support of others trying to free themselves from this plant 's grasp .
i felt exhausted lacked an appetite and had trouble falling asleep .
once i was able to fall asleep i had night sweats night terrors and was waking up once every couple of hours .
day 3 is today 4/6/16 and i was able to wake up at a decent time .
however again i just feel like i lack any energy .
i am feeling more motivated to start doing things instead of sitting at my computer all day on reddit/watching videos .
i 've gone so far as to pre-plan doing things with other people this week which is a step up from the instant gratification methods i was seeking .
i still lack most of my appetite but i 'm forcing myself to eat enough .
4/10/16 i guess i 'm turning this into a sort of journal-post at this point in time .
i got hammered the night before while watching my school 's hockey team lose in the frozen four .
i had a blast but the feelings of disappointment that often caused me to smoke made me crave marijuana .
the next night after work i found the last remaining bud that i had in my home enough for about 2 rips of the bong and i packed it up and smoked it .
it felt great and the high lasted for a solid hour and a half something i had n't experienced in a very long time .
however i was not able to sleep at all and ended up pulling an all-nighter to watch a soccer match in the morning 5:45 am start time yuck .
today is day 2 take 2 and i 'm feeling a lot more confident in myself .
i 'm just having trouble finding the confidence to go out and interact with other people to an extent that makes me happy .
i 'm feeling quite purposeless and bored because very few people i 've interacted with over the past 6 years have n't smoked weed .
it makes it hard to start up a social life again working on friday and saturday nights does n't help that either .
again thank you all for the support you have shown in this thread .
if anyone is choosing to continue to read this and follow me in my struggle i would like to thank you immensely .
it was determined that due to a lack of desire for the responsive os site we would focus are efforts on rs3 for the foreseeable future link to post here r/2007scape/comments/45oobd/what\_happened\_to\_the\_oldschool\_website\_redesign/d1p3i5w !
at the soi prerelease i bought some oath packs and cracked kozilek the great distortion and threw it into my utron deck because i figured why not .
but i was wondering what other people 's thoughts were on it .
this was a really close game of too that we had this weekend .
enemy team made a comeback and tied it 4-4 .
did someone make a bot to automatically downvote posts here ?
is there a way to figure out who it is and ban them ?
i feel that it 's a really shitty game mode in comparison to domination .
there 's a competition for caps in domination as well as ship killing .
standard can devolve into a stale match where i end up doing nothing because there really nothing that i can do besides spotting which i get nothing for .
there is honestly no benefit to standard other than to annoy me .
this is mostly to see if there 's a correlation on creating intp females .
i just installed vlc version 2.2.2 but i notice that the minimize/restore down/close bar which was previously on top of the screen is n't there anymore .
this means once opened you ca n't close the application except by pressing alt+f4 .
previous versions had this bar so you could resize/minimize/close the window from within the app itself with a mouse .
is there a way to bring this top bar back or is this just how the latest version is ?
the portal virus happened so that ios players could start more easily .
is going beta so they want ingress players to sign up .
if ingress players ca n't play ingress because there is no xm then they might as well play pmg .
they need to re-balance the game after the mufg cock up and super charging us has n't got rid of enough axa shields .
so they need to clear out as many portals as possible .
hello guys a friend of mine want to change his knife so he wants to trade his kara slaughter fn !
i think he can get 220k for it but i 'm not 100 sure
hey just looking for someone to voice chat to while i do mundane stuff like applying for jobs .
i 've been depressed but i feel like i 'm getting back on track .
thing is though i succeeded in isolating myself and do n't have many friends irl .
i do n't want anything sexual just a friend to talk to .
i 'm a non-judgmental and an open honest person .
i love painting gardening cooking watching terrible movies and playing minecraft .
so if you feel like a chat about anything drop me a line !
on my own i will update my music player project to 4.11 and start play around with new audio feature like focus '' and occlusion '' .
i 'll start working in antwerp this summer and i 'm planing to move there .
anything from housing where to live what to stay away from what qualities should i look for and where to look for possible daily activities i like sports in general football and running to be specific living style cycling to work ?
my work will be very close to antwerp centraal the train station if that makes a difference .
the dr congo is still suffering from negative gdp growth despite the governments many efforts to provide a brilliant stable economy for the people .
however the margin has decreased and it looks like the dr congo may be getting on track providing a better life for all its residence .
population had staggered during the war however a massive population boom is believed to come and the government is preparing for the worse as the gdp per capita can not fall any lower .
also interested in kara marbel fade i will add around 30 keys then
if i add more damage to legs '' to my knife does the knife cut legs faster ?
the differences between calibur and kannagi 5 are the pattern and impact only ?
if bandai was to put out a survey to players to choose between these two options what would you opt for ?
generally 1 ds plus a couple of decent items .
option 2 abolish the current extra login bonus and replace it with 1 free multi summon for every gasha that comes around .
would love to know how you 'd vote and the reasons why ?
pretty much said it above we are all on skype so if you have skype that helps !
the matrix online apb and champions online are all pretty much dead in the water leaving seemingly nothing but tsw which unfortunately does n't look all that great to me although i have purchased it but i am yet to actually give it a shot
is there nowhere else i can go to get my fix of an mmo within an urban setting nowadays or must i slip into my time machine and head back to the early 2000s ?
b/o 370k for awp dragon lore ft with 0.20xxx float value
b/o 200k for m4a4 howl mw with 0.09 float value
all ha pokemon from friend safari and oras all apricorn balls all dream ball ha shop ball ha shop ball johto starters all safari balls all sport balls .
i 'm currently running a 30mm vcmt on a rx200 .
i recently fell into tc-vaping and so far i 'm loving it .
only thing that i ca n't get into my head ...
i 'm currently using ti-coils 2-strand twisted 9 wraps 4mm id read out at 0.15ohm when at room temperature .
tested the resistance on a resistance reader on the rx200 a vtc mini and a cuboid all within 0.02 ohm .
setting up the rx200 and locking the resistance of the coil at room-temperature at 0.15 ohm where it should be after all i 've read about tc the vaping experience is ... sub-par .
it hits the temp-limit very fast and there 's not a lot of vapor .
tried lots of different settings i even went through it systematically writing settings down to be sure not to mess it up .
i played with it and tried different things and by coincidence i found out that
instead of locking the resistance of the cold coil i heat the coil a little until the resistance reads out 0.03-0.05 ohm higher than with a cold coil .
i do that by firing it a little unscrew the atomizer screw it back on and wait for the read-out .
i repeat that and as soon as it reaches 0.18 to 0.20 ohm instead of 0.15 with the coild coil i lock it at that value .
lots of vapor and it reaches the temp-limit a lot later .
this has been the only way i got tc working properly on the rx200 .
i tried that with different coils it 's always been the same .
no good vaping experience when the resistance was locked at room temperature .
wonderful vape when i locked the resistance with a slightly warmer coil .
most funnily it 's the exact same on my gf 's cuboid when using ti-coils !
i 'm pretty much clueless to why this is ... well i 'm happy that it 's working properly and that i 'm finally able to get a good tc-vape .
did n't run into this problem using ni200-coils though that 's why i 'm wondering ...
older players will be prioritized in case of proven equal skill
you are in complete control of when and how long you can play .
you have the will and fortitude to improve as a team and a individual player .
you are in complete control of your temper and/or wont show tilt and/or rage .
you can play atleast three to five days/week and have the if possible foresight to inform the team if any issues arise .
you are not expected to ignore social life obligations .
you are available to play between 18:30 and 22:00 cest
you have a high quality mic and zero issues with your internet connection/computer .
if not thanks for showing interest and have a wonderful day .
my name is mikael and i 'm a 25 year old guy from gothenburg sweden .
i just recently left a team due to a disband due to players not being able to fulfill above requirements .
therefore i have now decided to take it upon myself to create a team from scratch myself mostly because i feel that i want players to fulfill certain requirements giving the team the chance to stick together more than a couple of weeks .
finding the correct players might take some time and effort but this is something i am prepared for and any prospects should be prepared and expect this aswell .
my hopes and ambitions for the team is to start things slow finding the right players get a stable lineup going and later moving on to leagues and tournaments such as jdl dota-athletes and faceit not limited to .
during the time there will be effective scrims and practice games against other organized teams of the same or better caliber to assure the team is moving in the right direction .
you 're the player who probably and hopefully have the biggest hero pool in the team .
you have good understanding of all the lanes and know when and where you are needed .
it is also preferable if this person if comfortable as a caller during the slower paces of the game making favorable calls to make sure we stay ahead or catch up from a bad start .
you are always ready to assist any lane when needed to in case of a gank .
you are comfortable being left behind in net worth kda and do not mind being abused by the other team .
you are a calm player with perfect map awareness rotations understanding of warding and counter warding zoning stacking and pulling .
you are the handyman of the team and are happy doing the dirty work .
all of the above are preferences and subject for change .
i myself will most likely be playing 1 4 or 5 depending of what is needed and the amount of prospect for each position .
if you read this far and any of this sounds interesting to you .
please respond in this thread according to below example .
any replies like hi i would like to play add me on steam will be ignored and disregarded .
hi my name is mikael and i 'm 25 years old .
i live in sweden and have played dota for about 5 years .
ive played computer games competitive for about 4 years with most success in call of duty where i had moderate success with top placements in several pro/am lans .
i can play every day between 18:00-24:00 except for weeks where i have exams or have to attend insert other important social obligations .
i 'm a calm player who never rages or goes on tilt and i 'm always happy to put my ego aside for the good of the team .
nickname swinnnk please keep your steam username as your nickname during tryouts to avoid confusion on my end
position 1 4 5 put the position you are most interested in/best at first and the least last .
make sure you understand all of the needed skills to be able to preform a position to its fullest capacity
notes i have football practice 3 days a week and cant play after 20:00 cest on thursdays.
thanks in advance and i 'm looking forward to your reply .
every thing is placed correctly in my room desk on the short wall etc ... yet there is a huge lack of bass .
my room pretty big it'is rectangular and the ceiling is really high .
the only acoustic treatment i have is a big carpet covering almost all the floor .
what is causing the problem and what can i do to fix it ?
oh and btw when i play some music on my monitors and walk around the room there are some places where there is bass and others not not talking about the corners here .
when in my mixing position if i move my head forward almost in between the monitors i can also hear it again but also not as loud as it should be .
i am a bot designed to create a new post each day so we can all discuss today 's afterbirth daily challenge !
please post all scores discussion and thoughts and today 's daily in the comments below .
if you want to avoid being spoiled about the daily do n't venture below this point .
also feel free to use https greedbutt.com to link to your score so people can compare .
in short i 'm trying to find a modern ktm 640adv or a better xt660r or z
i 've got a roadie tiger 800 and a wr450 and i semi-regularly ride for a few hundred miles and get a few lanes in on the way .
the tiger 's not ideal for the lanes and the wr 's not going anywhere near that much road .
so i think i 'd like to replace one or the other perhaps augment the two for a bit with something in-between .
to be able to carry on going out with the guys on their 450 trail bikes though i do n't need to keep up with them all day
to be able to stick my panniers on metal mules but they use the touratech fitting
to be able to cruise at 60mph ish on a road with the right tyres
a kickstart in addition to electric would be great but hugely unlikely .
21 '' front wheel so i can fit proper knobblies
i 'd quite like something injected since i 've never had a good time with carbs and if i can avoid ever having to get my head round them that 'll be wonderful .
i 'm not going to ride to timbuktu so i do n't need it to be a 'real ' adventure bike just something i can mess around british and perhaps european forests on .
ktm 640 adv old all of them have actually been used as adventure bikes quite requiring of servicing
xt660z tenere heavy high-seat weird bucket to the seat so you ca n't move around much
xt660r seems fairly ideal trying to get a test ride on one
bmw g650gs sertao f650gs dakar they seem really 'tame ' compared to the 450s which i imagine the tenere is too but i ca n't really find much about them or many for sale .
an old xr650 would be great but they 're like hen 's teeth and carbed .
i thought i was doing better so i got off lexapro 5mg about two months ago .
i had been on it from oct 28 til early feb .
so i 'm having some anxiety and one panic attack last week but i 'm also waking up from the dead of sleep trembling/shaking/convulsing every so often and its so fucking terrifying .
some times it comes with panic some times it does n't .
i 'm so lost and hopeless.i just want to feel normal .
i 'll do some more research when i get the chance but it 's the beginning of my workweek and i do n't have much free time .
why should i start on the first of the month ?
i think aib are free if you keep €2.5k in your account at all times .
pray tell what makes the col a tax haven ?
the same laws and regulations apply in birmingham or liverpool .
if you posit that often submitted 5 year old new statesman book promoting puff article i shall be disappointed
u potpunosti se slažem sa tobom upvote za comment.nadodao bih da ni u bih ne bi mrdnuli kad bi se netko krenuo odcjepljivati '' bez obzira koliko užarene pojedine glave bile.jednostavno svi smo prevelika sirotinja za još jedan sukob i financijski je to nemoguće .
sa gledišta visoke politike bih je značajna za rh iz niza razloga svaki treći-četvrti stanovnik rh ima neke krvne veze sa tom zemljom i činjenica je da tamo 500k ljudi ima hrvatsko državljanstvo potpis na daytonski sporazum predstavlja neku odgovornost.btw zbuzanic mi je vrlo poznat username sa nekog od foruma internetskih bespuća bug ?
there are also a couple of f2p games for the vive .
the issue is that dz/0506 is bugged in a lot of servers with midtown music the q building helicopter crash and collapsed scaffholding not spawning anything or bugging out because of the npc gang fights .
also dz03 has a ton of landmarks and named bosses in a circular area that it 's a much more efficient farming route for a lot of people .
personally i like doing 05/06 because of how empty it is most of what does spawn is pretty free or will have respawned by the time you get there the pit for example .
i do n't think clubs have pokies inside their actual club buildings could be wrong but i 'm pretty sure they only own pokies in external venues .
so your point about limiting hours does n't hold up .
and your second point about the club caring about image while true does not take priority over the club turning a profit .
nor i ca n't see afl players making use of their limited free time by going to pokies venues owned by the club and asking people to stop spending their money their there .
i do n't think the club would even want them doing that .
pokies are awful machines that prey on peoples addictions .
i wish my club had nothing to do with them .
you 're right that it wo n't solve the problem that pokies are in the community but it can lessen that burden and it will make clubs less hypocritical when they claim to be community minded or family friendly .
maybe they found the show without hearing of bb first you never know .
absolutely a fez was part of smoking paraphernalia for a while for example .
ah i see the first one is the one that i needed .
he ca n't envision a city separate from the government .
he also assumes the city is full of people as dumb as the guys he sent .
the timeless isle was way too small and just such a pain in the ass timesink .
at least the isle of thunder disguised the time sinks the ti did n't even bother trying .
now if they were to do more isle of thunder i would love it .
oh bother ... that is right up my alley ... ... ...
i should be the one taking money on knifeclub ... not wanting to spend money here p
your post had one or more of the following problems
had a very low potential for a unique or novel discussion in the comments
would better be suited as a comment on a different yet related post .
any questions message the mods https www\.reddit\.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fclashroyale subject=about my removed submission message=i 'm writing to you about the following submission https www.reddit.com/r/clashroyale/comments/4dakjf/chest_opening .
keep trying you need to speak to or be escalated to the vive e-commerce team
at least in this case they are letting you know it 's corn syrup somewhere on the bottle .
i 'm still curious whether all that honey you buy from roadside places and farmers market is more than a drop of honey in a bottle of corn syrup .
lassar gave gnat a definite 'no ' back when he was still doing q a .
so the premier league will have managers that have won the premier league la liga seria a bundesliga and champions league in recent times ? ! ! !
that picture seems to indicate that they do n't want any part of this .
it is possible for a female to be guilty of rape as part of a joint criminal enterprise however for example if victim v was held down by female a and raped by male b both a and b are guilty of rape .
references to a body part include those parts which have been surgically constructed so someone who has gone through gender reassignment surgery female to male can commit rape .
in practice if a female offender commits a sexual act on an unwilling participant there are plenty of other offences which adequately reflect that criminality which are n't called rape .
sexual assault '' and assault by penetration '' being the two most common .
there are also dozens of other specific offences for people who abuse positions of responsibility over children or who facilitate sexual offending etc .
i might add here that there 's actually a built-in tasker action to change this option on the fly .
see action tasker set tasker pref use reliable alarms .
given the side-effect i was talking about in the op you can basically use this to enable or disable doze mode at will .
for example i have a task that enables reliable alarms disables doze when i go to bed since otherwise my nightly titanium backup schedules tend not to work .
then as soon as the backups are done—that is as soon as tasker detects the relevant titanium backup notifications—the reliable alarms are disabled again thus letting the phone enter doze for the rest of the night .
i 'd like to say eso is that great of an rpg that oblivion and especially skyrim pale in comparison but that 's just not the case .
too many restrictions had to be made to make it an mmo .
yet i still find eso way better rpg than those two which is kinda sad and embarrassing .
bethesda has been dumbing down their games ever since morrowind and when i thought they could n't get any lower than skyrim they quickly shocked me again fallout 4 .
i 'm not saying these games are bad but they are nowhere near say morrowind gothic 2 witcher 3 etc .
i would n't even say that bethesda is still trying to make rpgs .
bethesda seems to be creating only super-casual action games lately .
eso might not be perfect but it 's still the closest thing to morrowind we got so far .
that 's quite an accomplishment considering it 's mainly an mmo .
on the mmo side there are n't many games that can compare either eso will definitively go down as one of the greatest mmos ever created .
my grandparents had chickens that could fly no clipped wings .
they would fly up to the trees every night to sleep and they could leave if they wanted to .
they did n't because my grandparents fed them every day .
they still produced unfertilized eggs that could never be hatched and we did eat those .
you are upset they removed bullet king because people farmed him .
having recurring yellow boss spawns in pve '' just implies you want to farm him .
the way he always worked was once you kill him he goes away forever .
all they did was make sure his loot does n't drop multiple times .
their actual fix had no impact on pve boss spawns besides just fixing the farm .
so unless you are complain about the farm fix which seems unlikely because you are complaining about people doing it i do n't understand your point .
i lived in tokyo for 4 years 2011-2015 and can confirm that i would from time to time see signs aimed at foreigners with the term bukkake udon '' written in english .
difficult not to giggle when it 's right in front of your face in large bold letters .
he pays his interns according to the max allowed for interns working for congress .
they ca n't risk upsetting their financial backers or clinton foundation allies .
reminds me of the old skrillex album art hella fine
part of the reason is that league just has an stupidly large playerbase .
over 60 million monthly and about 7.5 million concurrent at any point in time .
i bet you 're the funny one in your group of friend .
so this happy accident https imgur.com/nkkbaed happened when they were introducing the mets last night .
ok so what did the snowden leak change for the common man ?
do you have the 1995 london cast with stephanie lawrence to ?
lpt put your cat on the scales then put the plate on top of it to keep it there subtract plate weight from total to get cat weight .
trump has mastered the manipulation of media he mostly hits his same points but then he also sprinkles in some insane far out-there statement like there would have to be some kind of punishment for women who get abortions '' or i would n't rule out using nuclear weapons on europe . ''
those statements are so crazy that they pretty much require coverage and then trump is invited back to clarify '' his remarks at that point he walks them back and throws out something else that he knows will stir the pot instead .
in un contesto dove regna l apologia per i crimini di una certa matrice e ' normale dubitare di simili smentite e delle ragioni di simili comportamenti .
tu credi veramente che sia casuale che in germania abbiano iniziato a fare carrozze per sole donne ?
l azienda nega che sia correlato con i casi di stupri in stile colonia .
this is one of those times when using google translate would be better for him
it 'd be alright ... but they built up august to be almost zeref level
enjoy being an honorary feminist for coming to that conclusion all on your own !
puerto rico was in my list but i excluded it for two reasons i there is no difference in the set up and gameplay between two games therefore it can hurt the replayability and ii the artwork is a bit old minor complain .
i will definetely try it though in the local gaming store !
i thought she was way older than 31 maybe in her late thirties .
i think we should see the bottom before determining that .
i second this krisline recommendation i 'm also very projected and pendulous and i struggle with finding something with enough immediate projection even ewa michalack 's s cut in 70hh is n't perfect in it on my larger boob but krisline 's bras have just enough of it even in a too-small size of 65i and even more in my normal their size 65jj .
just keep in mind that their sizing keeps 2 cm instead of a full inch between cups so one needs to do some math to define their size in krisline .
so you are suggesting it is a correlation and not causation ?
that the 1 does n't step in to make life better for themselves it just happens ?
if johnson is polling double digits you have to let him into the debate .
i 've worked in retail for five years now .
the proper response is to gently request that your coworker step aside then catch the water heater carefully place it on a cart and push it out to the sales floor for a customer to buy .
if you 're hunting for a little praise or a pat on the back you can also load it into the customer 's tiny two-seater car then in your off hours go to their house and install it for them .
i have often found that those who hate any cbd development are the ones who have never been to the cbd in like 5 years .
saw this exact post on a similar thread last year .
there are ways of searching the entire drive just not really showing different versions of the same file like with different versions
so is there or is n't there a way to use a spot search on the external harddrive without it giving me a million versions of similar file names ?
to put music into my ipod would i be using the itunes on my computer or on the external ?
i 'm not concerned about listening to music on my computer .
i have heard that your pending status disappearing is normal and actually a good thing i think .
the conversation was whether her email scandal qualified as corrupt .
if only potentially illegal depending on what was on the emails it was clearly unethical i do n't think anyone can reasonably argue that .
so the question is whether that qualifies as corruption which does n't necessarily have to be illegal and whether that makes her more likely to have been involved in this scandal .
it 's a bit more refined than a is hillary clinton corrupt '' .
i 'm going to be 100 honest with you .
nothing against this group buy i 've just always been curious as to why gmk sets do n't include such a common key .
i live in a higher altitude which affects a lot of stuff
check if its because of the way windows manages volume when there is a comunication like skype or stuff like that .
it normally dimes everything to about 50 or 20 when it does this can be disabled i guess you should right click the volume icon and from there kinda serch it up sorry not to be more exact i 'm on my mobile .
ascension map is also good because of the fog .
hauntzer was having a fucking field day with that gragas top..
i think it 's still way too early to say .
i however doubt that he is not going to show up at all .
they have a green lantern corps movie scheduled for 2020 .
and everybody is as hyped as you are for gl to show up .
hell we might even see the lantern corps take on parademons though that 's extremely wishful thinking on my part .
oh sorry i did n't mean to sound like i was making fun of you .
the 380x is a great card but it is about 50 more than the 380 and is only a handful of frames faster .
now that i think about it though you 're right i probably should have left the 390x off since its a pretty good card .
that price range in general though is n't very good since you 're usually better off saving for the higher level fury/fury x/980ti or going for the level below it 390/970 .
as for the 285 its a great card but there 's not really an point in buying it anymore .
it 's almost exactly the same as the 2gb 380 so you might as well just get the 4gb 380 since its only about 15 more .
or if you really ca n't afford that just get the 2gb 380 since it is the same price and basically the same card as the 285 but newer .
the only reason you might want to get the 285 is because i believe it has some sort of special color compression tech to make up for the lower vram .
i 'm not sure if that is available on the 2gb 380 as well or not i 'd have to do some more research but if it is n't that would be a benefit to the 285 .
i was trying to echo what i saw in your post extreme negativity when a substance is discussed .
i brew my own beer so i drink quite frequently i love alcohol .
i was just trying to frame what i saw you saying with a substance that 's usually widely acceptable .
however i see how i could have worded that better and i actually agree with some of your points upon reading your post a few more times .
i think we probably agree on more than we disagree on .
that man is destined straight to the welfare office after his discharge .
i just want to help people live out their weird fetishes .
i 'm in the unique position of both receiving stuff from china often and having had a shipment of plant material seized before it made its way to me .
i 'm not a lawyer just a denizen of the internet .
chinese packages are opened and reviewed twice once by chinese customs and once by us customs .
i 've had packages containing glass bottles filled with liquid held for up to two weeks during the chinese customs process .
when they finally arrive they 're taped up because the packaging/tape has been cut at least twice and the contents inspected .
it 's not unusual for a package to take three weeks to arrive due to this interference .
luckily i 'm not ordering illegal materials so i always get my packages eventually .
this one time i tried to order something of questionable legality a plant material legal in some states but illegal in others from a us vendor just a few states over but there was an issue .
i ordered and the charge went through like always and i thought everything was ok. until it was n't .
first i got an email from the seller stating that he was going out of business because his product had just become illegal in his state so he would be refunding all charges made for products purchased between these specific dates .
he stated his inventory had been seized and there was an active investigation .
he advised his customers to not attempt to order from any other vendors .
next i got a letter in the mail from the dea which stated that my order number x on this date of this amount of x product had been confiscated as part of a federal investigation .
this letter said i would be contacted if there was any information they needed from me .
i was very nervous because they listed all the info there my name address even the credit card i 'd used .
it scared me off ordering things like that for the future .
my money was actually refunded too a few days later which was surprising .
i 've gotten one of those letters so i know they do send them out .
but in my case they seemed way more interested in the vendor than they did me .
sometimes i think how old guys like to whittle .
and how if i start now and just whittle a little .
my whittling skills will hone before i get old .
and i 'll pwn all my friends at the retirement home .
do you think he going to portray the nazis as saints ?
i got brain drain when he went to 4d .
it can roll brutal again as the 4th random talent .
contrary to what others are saying i really liked helsinki !
granted it was christmastime so i got to see all the decorations .
have n't been to suomenlinna the must-see attraction there but i 've heard great things about it .
maybe a day and a half would be sufficient there to see suomenlinna the cathedral and generally walk around .
even at level 40 ludas staff while good is n't amazing .
test 0 ludas staff 1 skills 83 m.atk vs geometry staff 0 skills 101 m.atk and you 'll see that actually the damage is n't significantly different .
at 7 and 2 gems you have 145 and 1 skill .
karsto staff at 0 is 148 and gives a special bonus and that is before upgrading it .
the rokas robe is particularly good but if you 're taking damage it is going to be horrible compared to other higher level equipment .
if you 're able to avoid everything the int is worth it .
i grew up in the tropics and moved to midwest united states around kindergarten .
i was pissed when it first snowed and i 'll be pissed every time i see it til i die haha i just get way too cold
you will just get the second bonus not the first .
so for the day you would get a 13 sb bonus .
i believed the fuzzing explanation at first but this is ridiculous .
especially since the top posts on r/all have like 60,000 upvotes and this scandal is probably the most important thing in the last half-century .
did you use a pattern or come up with it yourself ?
you could temper your own body and mind any way you liked you could bend the world around you to your will .
for instance if i wanted to pull out all my organs and get a look at them i could do that .
you would n't need to feel pain unless you wanted to and found it useful .
or you could spend the next thousand years calculating the digits of pi .
you 'd be able to see patterns of mathematics and mechanics like the best possible supercomputer .
i 'd recognize it but i have trouble putting it into words .
something instinctual and vital but something to do with the intellect something bigger than life itself .
though i worry somehow with all that beauty and sensation i 'd get bored .
we have a mutual friend who shares your last name ... served in the same mission .
we have the exact same shade of brown in our eyes and its gorgeous 3
its not really snark he 's just telling you its in the title .
dont assume the tone of his sentence otherwise a lot of messages can feel snarky even if it isnt really .
oh he is very much not a great guy .
in addition to what others have pointed out below he is a huge trump fan and recently wrote an article trying to promote and defend the alt-right '' complete with attempts to whitewash the obvious racism in that world .
this was meant to replace that area and fit additional content like find-a-friend .
darkfall kind of attempted a dr style with training skills getting better and better which they did cap out but using said skills was the only way to improve them a bit .
knowing who died is a bigger and more well done cliffhanger .
rick and his group get someone brutally murdered in front of their eyes and you would be left to think what now ?
but instead you get a who was killed cliffhanger everyone is thinking about who was killed instead of the whole point of the scene which was to break rick .
it just makes me so angry that so many people are sold on the hopes and dreams of a better healthier life and then they get absolutely ripped off !
all these mlms are awful for doing this same thing and the sad thing is so many people believe them .
sort of off topic but you seem to know about this quite a bit do you know of any good dairy free protein shakes ?
in what ways did your parents prepare you for the outside world ?
i lost it gf is awake and pissed off .
he 's just a fan with a podcast/wrestling site .
delay is as far as i 'd go there .
ultimately i think pitching it as a compromise is a good thing for you .
and document the lunacy just in case it goes badly .
bad doctors might be okay with skipping vaccinations but judges are not usually
you will sink into your pillows and float through your empty mind and your essentially meaningless life in an almost catatonic state.nothing matters and every moment feels like senseless euphoria and i think im over exaggerating here because the last time ive swallowed some xanies has been well over a year ago
too bad microsoft did n't have the foresight to figure out that pressing the shift key 5 times in a row is a thing gamers would totally do p
i already have that zero tolerance which i think is part of the reason why i am alone and have no friends .
but outside of that i have never been able to make friends .
sometimes some people approach me because i look good and approachable but the flee after they get to know me a bit and find out how shy and introverted and awkward i am .
wow that last episode made the series worth it in itself .
i think i 'm finally done being an every sunday no matter what watcher .
i mean they 've deliberately aged tommen up from the books so that they do n't have an 8 year old husband to natalie dormer so tv ! tommen unlike book ! tommen is in prize horny teenager territory .
especially if he has mace tyrell in his ear reminding him that he needs to produce a tyrell-bloodline heir ... that could make for some serious fodder for the tyrells to turn on the lannisters if they get a boy prince shuffle off tommen and have a long regency ?
i edited the post to make it easier to go through .
so do we all know how far away from noah syndergaard we should present the rings on tuesday ?
but literally less than 1 of console users even play assetto corsa .
i 'm afraid i 'm headed for a d which will look terrible on my transcript .
here https www.reddit.com/r/science/comments/4d68q6/researchers_were_able_to_correctly_identify/d1p0m9g is a link that will be valid for 24 hours .
edit i made another link http uploadduck.com/shw which does not have the same temporal restriction but i recommend using an adblocker on the site .
i am disappointed there are no new weapons in this update .
i was in this class and i got notification from professor last week and had no idea which assignment it was .
meeting peer advisor tomorrow and making appointment with my dean .
i 'm wondering how did you know which exact assignment it was and does your case have a result by now ?
something tells me a lot of the first year cars are going to be loaded up with 5,000 leather seats and what not .
i 've been considering a mini-split install and i bet i would have done exactly what you did .
now all i have to do is find a good local company ...
im not really sure what your are getting at aside from hoping people do n't click on the link and watch it ?
yet if russian journalist are onto anything important they have accidents or are shot by mysterious men .
there are free media in russia just as long as their reach is low .
putin is n't hurt by a few thousand liberals in moscow who are likely bought by the west or so the narrative goes disagreeing with him .
just as long as oppositional discourse has no credibility outside this limited group .
and hey if it plays music then it 's better than that monstrosity calcite was building . ''
you keep telling yourself that pretending like anyone cares about the canucks .
making it to the finals does n't mean shit if you ca n't win the cup .
lets not forget the canucks have been in the league for 20 more years than the sharks but keep spitting that ignorance if it makes you feel better about your shitty team with no hope for the next 5 years .
problem is most hw vendors support only rhel and not centos .
it 's a bit inconsistent '' from his earlier work product do n't you think ?
stone cold is better at catching beer than anyone else is at doing anything ever in history .
think about what people trade for ... now think about where one farms those items .
which honestly couod be fixed by adding in more tiers thus solving both prime vault 's original problem and diluted droptables at the cost of increased difficulty .
i 'm not really sure i want any of these .
i definitely do n't want a few of these and the ones i might want just sound goofy with the names you 've given them .
i mean do we really need a whole movie about count dooku and darth plagueis ?
do we need a whole origin story for windu ?
do we need that one episode about the origin of the 501s from the clone wars drawn out over 2 hours ?
i 'm not even sure i want a han solo movie without harrison ford but it looks like that 's already happening as is the boba fett movie but hopefully it 's not called boba 's bounty tales '' a whole movie of tarkin being sort of a nazi dickhead ?
i mean there are a million stories they can tell and you 've picked the most boring ones .
they 're doing boba and wedge which are the two i think most people want to see .
i know wedge was the first one who came to my mind and i think most people said boba .
i think i 'd rather them carefully pick through some of the eu and make some of those stories canon .
i think i 'd also love to see a spaghetti western style movie with cad bane and two other bounty hunters .
some kind of the good the cad and the ugly scenario set in the part of the galaxy left lawless by the power vacuum during the clone wars where by the end we get some cool completely new character and cad finally dies .
i think i would like a story about the original war between the jedi and the dark jedi who were the lords of the sith race .
i think we all keep a running list of anything anyone in our lives has ever said and just string them all together creating one big block of fear .
i 'm sorry you 're married to a terf !
so you think your coming out will spell the end as well ?
sorry for taking your job u/knittygnat but this leak was too huge to hope you saw it !
this is terrifying exciting horrifying fascinating unsurprising finally confirmable stuff .
because the idea is that people mobilize themselves rather than rely on the seemingly corrupt-to-shit system .
that 's why there are a ton of new folks running for local offices all the sudden and communities like r/grasrootsselect are cropping up and growing fast .
it would n't be called a revolution '' if the people were just going to wait for the government to do it .
they can just have a flair for longer gifs for those who do n't want to see them .
is there a better tldr version of this for all the simpletons like me ?
i 've been slogging through up to level 10 and your analysis seems spot on .
vale howler i 'd say it 's pretty useful mainly for its stats .
if control/midrange hunter take off this is a solid 3-drop .
usually it just needs a ping to enrage and then 3 damage to kill .
seems to be anti-synergy with warrior because an 7/3 is pretty useless unless it survives a turn .
compare to dragonling mechanic which is a 2/4 and a 2/1 off the bat so it does n't require having board presence or more mana .
dragon turtle the second choice is pretty balanced but the first one makes it an azure drake that trades stats and spell damage for a very slight attack boost .
master enchanter i like the idea of playing with mana cost similar to shaman 's new old gods card but this is n't it .
i 'd say transform or sap and boost the minions stats a bit .
plagued occultist i do n't think this card makes shadow priest that viable .
maybe just make it a direct 2 damage rather than casting your hero power .
i 'm surprised it 's not an effect blizzard is already implementing .
wastewater tracker costs too much to also require combo .
best case scenario you coin this out on turn 3 but then you still just get a weak minion or spell .
you may want to clarify whether combat still occurs or if it 's an instant effect that nullifies damage fellhound would take .
this gem plus save that shit for your friends at school '' anytime my siblings or i had a crappy day and did n't feel like playing happy pretend family just about drove me apeshit !
really sucks because i feel like a backes winter classic jersey would have been a perfect cap to the grit era of the blues .
i do n't think some people understand the weight of this .
if you look at the trending tags on twitter.. it 's all about wrestlemania ... that 's just how it is .
gof ro it you can sign up as team or solo .
i 'm not going to masturbate or watch porn .
as a concept i feel that it is worth pursuing .
in particular photos 1 4 and 9 suggest some of the possibilities of shooting in this format.on the other hand i don`t feel that it adds a lot to many of the other images except a bunch of empty space .
personally i feel that if you are going to subvert conventions then there the burden of proof lies with you to convince the viewer there is a reason for it .
my other criticisms are more general and independent of the format you are shooting in .
first there does n't seem to be any coherent style or them to the set other than the format you shot in .
what is the set trying to tell the viewer other than i shot this in ultra wide '' ?
second and connected to the first many of the images seem to street photography cliches silhouettes in front of windows people on bicycles or lack specific interest there are a lot of backs here .
so in summary good idea it has potential but it does n't excuse you from the aesthetics that apply to all street photography .
i feel like a lot of it stems from tumblr .
be aware that depending on the dwelling type and your state you may have a legal obligation to have all nest protect devices .
in multi-family dwellings i think also dependent on the year of manufacture interconnect must be had with all devices .
since the protect is proprietary wireless it can not talk to other types of detectors so does n't allow for a rolling upgrade .
even if there is no legal burden i 'd also research insurance coverage as they will look for any reason to deny a claim in the event of a fire .
if not sell it back for ful price one week long
when you play a god enough stuff like that becomes basically instinctual .
well yeah i was using what he said to make the point that they 'll have their own preferences regardless of them being asian or the man being european .
voice changed like over night no joke the last day of 5th grade .
people telling me how weird it was my teacher was like holy shit '' .
pretty much all throughout first two years of middle school people would tell me holy shit your voice is deep '' .
i 'd venture to say that figure rises to 20-30 for people living outside the us .
so a pretty large chunk of citizens living outside the us are paying extra taxes because you ca n't exclude income for self-employment taxes .
out of the deflected shadow ball comes a version of dome !
i 'm sure they 're all overjoyed to officially be i.o.i .
and all but it does feel a little forced .
you can almost here where the laugh and clapping tracks would go .
i was just surprised to see deorro 's name next to it given his repertoire of tracks .
the conspiracy theorists have been on this for several years already .
you should be good for guardian anyway probably execution too .
i got a friend in the uk who still plays a ton of guardian .
also i 'm talking about the regular guardian and/or execution playlists not the map pack ones .
when we make more dank emotes we 'll put skeletor in a spritesheet
they voted kelsey back in they deserve all of the consequences .
stone cold in his civvies because he probably ca n't fit into his ring gear lol .
that animated wwe show does n't look pg at all..looks pretty awesome actually .
that may be the case in linguistics but in historical research it is frequently not transliterated although it depends on the specific topic etc .
and you 're right that a reader is less likely to skim transliterated text i remember that was the case for me before i started to learn greek .
even if i was n't skimming i still had no idea what i was looking at .
oh for fucks sake have fun and shut the fuck up
.was ric flair just humping a boulder on camp wwe ?
were those actual steve-weisers with the smoking skulls on them !
since this is not an approved link the mods are deciding whether it should be allowed on the subreddit or not .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/fnafcringe if you have any questions or concerns .
they said for weeks that they were trying to establish something concrete with this new day v lon match .
and i guess what they established was that part timers who were on top and over a decade ago will always be more important than guys who get themselves over despite every single factor working against them .
it 's just a fact ds2 was done by different people a different director with a shaky grasp on dark souls watching footage of that game and when i first played it myself you could just tell from second 1 that something just felt ... off about everything before all the fuss about it .
broken lighting systems incomplete and misplaced animations floaty and unpolished movement and systems inconsistent and lazy lore and so on .
nearly every aspect of that game is an attempt to continue dark souls but at much lower quality in every area it 's still a good game but it 's also disappointing because of all these little things should n't have been broken when they weren't previously .
look at hand with a shocked expression yes i did !
to borrow a chant from european soccer he stuns who he wants he stuns who he wants steve austin he stuns who he wants . ''
i know it needs to be done for holiday so i had to make a judgment call .
you would make a lot of people have very bad days .
yeah i was like what the fuck that 's an incredibly creepy thing to say ... . oh yeah ... ok it was nice . ''
manchester is nowhere near bridgeport and most of the state is not like most of bridgeport .
i 've lived in manchester and no part of it i 've ever seen comes close to some of the bombed-out parts of bridgeport i 've seen .
sounds like she 's got some problems handling it .
also sounds like she 's lucky to have you because you seem to care a lot .
you definitely should n't have to be her caretaker though especially when we 're talking about self-inflicted issues like weight .
being supportive is great though and i 'd imagine you try to be .
it can be really harsh to be with someone who ca n't seem to help themselves .
manager sees her not id someone she gets fired .
she wants her job so she follows the rules .
i can not believe this is an eli5 post .
if you 're shooting at the fastest aperture just for the sake of this you could as well stop your lens down instead of using nd .
anyone can copy over audio from previous episodes slow it down and chuck it into that scene .
it 's not that hard if you have a good editing software .
hell i could probably throw in a bunch of people screaming daryl 's name and you would all think daryl died .
my mum does n't talk about the looks because toots has my colouring and a melding of our looks but for her personality traits ?
if my daughter was looking at a buggy oh look she wants to see how it works !
just like auntie she 's going to be an engineer . ''
toots is so stubborn but you me were such a biddable child . ''
so ... someone must have said something i think my sister she definitely is n't the issue and now my mum places a few traits at my husband 's feet .
my guild does n't have a leader anymore for some reason ... probs a glitch
so here 's how the american electoral system works for the election of presidents .
1st on a state by state basis we have primaries or caucuses .
this is when multiple candidates on the democratic side and republican side compete against each other to earn the most votes they can on a per state basis .
this is called the primary season and the season is an attempt to collect delegates .
these delegates then travel to the convention to have a big party bru-ha and formally nominate the person who collected the most delegates .
i will be voting bernie sanders in the primary .
and i 'll be voting for whoever the nominee is in the general .
you clearly should not be looking up gifs like this then lol
we say she took oil money from lobbiest they say well bernie did it oil company employees which is n't the same thing but they spin it as the same
we talk about her earning millions in speeches they talk about 8,000 or 56,000 in deductions ?
i 'd bet the cost of the private plan and rooms for her las vegas speeches was more than the 56,000 she 's bitching about .
people forget when she makes 255,000 a speech there is also a long list of demands that cost money which she is n't paying for .
god i could keep going on the hypocracy but i have a damn life to live and do n't want to waste 6 hours documenting it .
obviously you get a bigger poof from an oil tanker than from a car but it 's a fire not a shock wave .
all oil explosions in movies are fake and very far from reality .
i do n't know what point you are trying to make .
lng tanks on the other hand will explode even more violently because of the pressure released as the liquid transitions to the gas state
lng can explode mostly if it blends with atmosphere first though .
i got this email on sat so will not be happy if they dont reprocess my order
we apologize for not being able to place your vive order today .
please contact us by chat or 0203-684-8000 on monday to help you place your order in 2nd part of april .
he 's the one insisting it was a wallaby so i 'm pretty sure he 's just trying to save face by insisting it looks different to other eastern greys lol
just judging from the writing whoever wrote it is not chinese or has no experience writing hanzi/kanji ...
that 's what i was thinking it 's the synergy with all the tank items
the one meal a day thing has worked for me .
your body does n't need a certain amount of calories before it does starvation mode .
i hate eating in general and ca n't wait until science gives me a pill for my daily requirements .
i exfoliate twice a week and my skin goes in cycles .
i drink at 2 liters of water a day and moisturize .
just my luck that bad cycles means sores on my face for months .
i spend six months watching what i ate and exercising .
i gained weight again at the end of it .
even when my measurements went down my weight went up .
damn it i 'm not done being salty about them embarrassing liquid who could have won the first na major based on how navi played .
my team just got wiped out from the bosses .
i also have lots of gold and bread if i have to 6 a hero .
as someone who 's been in a similar position let me tell you that just starting something is excellent so good job getting going on that book .
in the same vein of writing i am a big fan of daily journaling .
i did n't include it in the article because it 's more of a next/lateral step '' kind of thing vs. what i have in the article but i find that journaling about my feelings on things and the paths available to me can be a big help in sorting out the directions i want to head in .
but beating zest in a bo5 is a different beast than getting out if that ro16 group .
r2 two handed mace staggers them you can repeat until they die .
i love my astros but i 'm pretty sure they 'd win over more fans in texas if they became the ar-15 's .
regime occupying jerusalem must vanish from the page of time
so what would that mean in practice for the state of israel ?
the increased vision is also a pretty solid perk when it comes to war as it allows to better anticipate troop movement .
which combined with the minutemen movement is just amazing .
yeah i never quite got not changing the filter at an oil change oil filters are only like five quid .
or for a tired guy like myself to take a nap on the way to work or perhaps to eat breakfast !
you ca n't really work in physics research without a phd and you need a masters to get there .
also i 'm in europe and getting a masters is pretty standard here if you 're studying something academic like that .
as a 30 year old adult i still ca n't watch this .
i walk out of the room when its on the tv .
try lots of different roles until you find one that fits .
apply for games testing roles and see if you can get in .
you are young and probably do n't have a mortgage or much debt so you have flexibility .
i worked as a games tester for a summer job while at uni and although it was grueling at times i can see why some people enjoy it .
my mom tried that shit one time my uncle was on the county force at the time when she got pulled over by a state trooper .
state-y pretty much laughed in her face and she got that ticket .
well worth ethereum foundation interacting with the legal types in the wider crypto community eg amor sexton ?
i would suggest that the foundation needs get happening a program of work to put some practice and methodware around the software for daos governance .
developers are coding into the space that would have normally be the domain of governance experts with knowledge and understanding of agency theory to name but one element .
this is to be expected but right now if the slockit dao has hickups it would create signficant blowback for the wider dao movement/ethereum community .
hence this is a risk foundation board members should be responding to
when you 're all out of paste to eat do you feel sad or like you accomplished something ?
the commercials will be full of some new show amc is trying to get you to watch so people will be annoyed by the time it gets to that part
in places with bathroom laws they care not what is on your ids they are bigots who disregard common sense and other area 's laws and go by birth assigned sex regardless of surgeries or amended birth certificates .
however without a search warrant they will be forced to go by the gender designation on your id .
tl dr they should go by your id but do n't go there as they are n't generally accepting areas .
etfs are not what you want to put money into long term invest in a big company that wont go bankrupt like rds or xom or something
i swear i pirate eye it through half my posts
they took most of the guns and passed them out so no reason for anyone to go in there anytime soon
if you 're awakened the last thing you can bother to do is type some letters in a digital screen to invisible people .
if your awakened you do n't feel the need to share this or talk about it .
why are you back together with her ? ? ?
it should be a pretty easy algorithm to implement on valve 's part .
even our tiniest news sites were reporting on it as soon as the news broke .
crazy that something as big as cnn does n't even acknowledge it .
for 1.8l manual scavengers swachh life is a distant dream
despite the prevalence of manual scavengers the ministry of social justice and empowerment says it has given a one-time assistance of rs 40,000 to a measly 8,619 people across india .
they dump the faeces along the way piles of garbage and the kachcha road merging into one another.in exchange they get dry rotis leftover vegetable if they are lucky barely a day 's meal and a few bags of grain in a year and sometimes money when there 's a wedding at home.ironically the nda government has committed rs 1.34 trillion for the swachh bharat campaign one of the largest commitments yet for sanitation in the country .
and yet amid the glitzy advertising and public relations campaign the people who are at the heart of the sanitation programme have been marginalised .
the five-year outlay of rs 4,656 crore committed for rehabilitation of manual scavengers in 2013 was reduced to rs 10 crore in the present budget bezwada wilson national convenor of the safai karamchari andolan ska said.but the road out of hell does n't necessarily lead to heaven .
for those looking beyond the confines of radhna inayetpur lack of opportunity and finance combine with age-old taboos to squeeze them from both ends and break their spirit.the social ostracisation is so pervasive that villagers openly boycott the community .
these should be materials of the coil t for titanium w for wattage kanthal n for ni200 and s for stainless steel .
a week before one of our two dogs disappeared and they knew we were still hurting so they brought this little guy over to cheer us up .
we 're hoping to get our other dog back as well but this little guy has stolen everyone 's hearts .
we have a blue heeler/lab mix as well who has already become quite attached to the puppy .
you should secure the area around warden so they ca n't get a shot on him .
coldzerra and fallen could have trigger activated there 's several fishy gifs where they lock on to enemy through the wall and looks too accurate to be a coincidence .
good point however you can also do a trick where you cover it but mega ultra omega lowkey move slightly so you can see its health when you can predict it 's about to die so you can last hit it .
she picks a thorn out of her arm if she can and does her best to look around while her eyes adjust .
i 'm spiritual and into quite a lot of stuff that might freak some people out .
i do n't think you necessarily have to mention it .
i just say stuff if it comes up in conversation .
my ex was quite in to spiritual things too but no idea about a girl i 'm seeing just now .
as long as she is respectful i 'm ok with it .
green lantern secret origin is a great start for green lantern .
lots of people will recommend green lantern rebirth which is n't a good start in my opinion since it 's a bit lore heavy and mentions a lot of prior events .
i finished a 1650 free just under 28 mins and broke 8 min .
i think i may of been visited in my dream once but nothing while awake .
i want to help humanity and the planet as peacefully as possible .
if one corny line from the rock completely ruins your image of bray wyatt then you were never much of a bray mark to begin with
heels have been trashed throughout the years with just as bad of insult as that and beaten down just like that too
they would n't have put bray out there if they did n't want to do big things with him
those manufacturers still seem to end up getting sued .
if they do work then icon really does n't need anything more than that why the draconian conditions that make the aircraft really not yours despite having paid quite a lot of money for it enough money to get a really nice bonanza
not really a fan of them the general design is n't all that appealing to me plus the overall quality is n't that great compared to other figures .
even if you own one if you used it in self defence and killed someone the burden of proof would be on your to prove
a you did n't go out of your way to arm yourself with a gun when you confronted someone
if you hear a noise downstairs and go looking for a weapon before going downstairs it demonstrates a level of premeditation that is n't compatible with our laws on self defence .
if someone attacks you and you just so happened to have a knife next to you and you grabbed it and stabbed them that 's fine .
flash is my favorite show currently running but i 'd never think of putting him as the dccu flash .
the dude simply does n't have the gravitas for that kind of setup .
i know this post was hours ago but i would love some help with lta ...
i 'm only level 40 but i 'm trying to run for the pick and need to get past him to do it .
i 'll probably be off soon but i 'll be back on tomorrow night most likely .
you got suspended because you had to send it to 5 friends but you did n't have any friends so you got bad luck and got suspended .
i would n't be adverse to more complex leveling system like the older games .
and i like the show and i want to watch next season because i like the idea of alexandria being neegan 's batch .
but this finale was an utter disappointment that gave us characters making stupid mistakes but did n't give us anything to care about .
i 'm sure someone making 100,000 would think 12,000 is a sizeable amount .
imagine you are a fungus trying to thrive in a world filled with bacteria .
one trick would be to excrete something that kills the bacteria around you so you can grow unhindered .
the basics of cracking are explained elsewhere but i 've never seen an explanation of why very frequent cracking happens in some people but not most people nor why very infrequent cracking is well infrequent .
my finger joints just about never crack although my neck and back vertebrae do often .
you 'll notice i did n't say significant '' i said noticeable . ''
nearly every impression i 've read has said that the vive has slightly more sde .
they showed him i think it was right after miney '' .
i was hired with minimal medical background and zero pharmacy background .
my only schooling is that i 'm part way through nursing school .
i swear to fuck my heart rate reached 160 bpm in those last minutes .
i was kinda relieved that it was a cliffhanger as i was n't ready for shit like that after drinking a couple cans of redbull .
oh okay hes also here to bury the wyatts some more
imagine if we actually made it somewhere and got the af to sponsor us jk i dont want to be held back anymore than i already am haha .
have the wyatts ever been successful in these stunts ?
they 're like 0 for 8 at this point right ?
most of the times you wo n't see the jet .
once the ordinance is released they 're on their way home .
with spurgeon being out there 's no way he benches suter even though he should probably consider it .
suter has played like dog shit the last couple of games
well i bet it was n't morgan or carol so there 's that
no i just reset my machine to factory in order to try to fix this .
all self posts are removed the night of new episodes but if you 're wanting to talk about tonight 's episode please go to the official the walking dead s06e16 episode discussion https www.reddit.com/r/thewalkingdead/comments/4d8to8/the_walking_dead_s06e16_last_day_on_earth_episode to make your comments/thoughts about the show there .
if you feel like you must make this post wait until tomorrow and try then .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/thewalkingdead if you have any questions or concerns .
anyone else feel like it was the audience getting pummeled by lucille ?
like they balance the car seat on the spot where an older child would sit ?
it 's amazing what the numbers are really like when you ignore mobile phone gaming '' .
past few years yes this year and even last year its been meh .
honestly capitals flyers games are much more heated now .
the build up to how powerful the saviors are was perfect negan was the charismatic villain we hoped for and we got introduced to a new group .
this show has been zero fun but let 's not act like wrestlemania orlando wo n't sellout in minutes .
it 's like 1 of my city 's population which makes me feel bad .
this stadium is so goddamn big it 's crazy .
i agree although sometimes i do really like a waiter/waitress because of good service or if they seem to really like their job
i 'm pretty sure it 's a website made my the same people who make the onion to bash buzzfeed
edge2 removed clamps and turned bt 90 degrees exquisite pain
they are n't stating it enough because macd has reasons to be playing terribly lately .
what is your favorite thing and why is it all of politico 's vines ?
poor wyatts gon na get rekt by the rock and maybe roman .
looks like the rock will be the next person to go over bray
we-vibe is super strict about msrp any place that sells under that is usually either breaking contract or selling fakes but i would n't expect a large brick-and-mortar corporate chain like walgreen 's to be doing either of those .
is this 2 points per wyatt or just 2 points ?
thanks for moving down so my buddy could sit with us .
the wyatts need to murder the rock right now and not get beaten up again .
such a joke they probably have n't even decided what it going to happen .
oh norman you do n't want to resign okay were going to use that clip of you dying ''
oh wait norman you are going to resign okay let 's just kill eugene no one will give a fuck
i 've been doing this with a couple of games namely superhot .
i heard that vr was likely for it so i 've kinda been putting off playing it lol
i actually just spent some time yesterday reorganizing it .
yea hopefully better than rick and the gang 's interview with negan tonight ...
? ... ..this is what they saved the wyatts for ? ? ... ... .
you had my curiosity but now you have my attention .
i had no idea i will look into this !
there 's nothing on abc fox cnn nbc the wallstreet journal or new york times .
bbc is reporting however on their front page as is al jazeera .
the racist one can also pass for an ocd test .
i forget word for word but pretty much its the beginning of the new story so its better for the new season '' such horseshit
the first time i ever saw return of the jedi i thought the second death star wars just the remains of the first one that they were repairing .
i hope the season 7 premiere loses about 10 million viewers compared to season 6 premiere
well that rules out a wyatt interference in the main .
when the taller gem left the two illusionists high-fived laughing at the discomfort they just caused titanium .
the vanilla one was simply giggling while darka was laughing harder .
they know both locations and that they are traveling in that direction .
that 's like a million dollars except with less zeroes !
also though not as good cooperative polygraphy '' is also a fun community bottle episode .
as someone who 's never actually played rhythm heaven the minigames themselves seem so arcane to me but are so good to watch .
i started an indian campaign in 769 as the chola family .
you start as a vassal count but you have a county with 7 holdings and can easily become the dominant power in the region .
still playing that game but in less than 100 years i was able to become go from count to holding 4 kingdom titles .
it also gets fun with the indian religions because if your vassals get pissy it 's easy to convert to another dharmic religion and revoke everything .
my first indian game but it 's been damn fun
walking dead abuses the trope so excessively that it removes all tension from the major moments .
it rained some at wm24 at the same place they just deal with it .
got this idea while making yack pouches for invention with my yack summoned .
there should be button that will when clicked transfer all/choosen items from player inventory to bobs inventory .
example i have charms pouches shards and yack hides in my inventory and i have more yack hides in my bob .
i make all hides into pouches and i press button and it tranfer all pouches to bob while all hides goes to my inventory .
player inventory is full of addy bars so is bobs .
player makes inventory of addy daggers presses the button and all daggers go to bob while bars go to player .
this can help with training certain skills while also giving bob more use .
i have a study area that is nearly three million acres and encompasses portions of 20 counties texas .
i need to make a table that lists all of the soil types and the total acreage for each within the study area .
my question is is there a code/expression i can write that will allow me to specify all unique values in one field of the attribute table and then sum all of the values in a second field to get total acreage for each soil type ?
i have not been able to figure out how to do math within more than one field within the same expression .
i searched this subreddit for this topic with no luck .
i 'm a programming graduate who 's very familiar with languages like java and c .
brand new to music progrmming but pretty familiar with music fundamentals as i play guitar and write .
i 'd like to use algorithms to emulate instruments .
jonny greenwood of radiohead fame essentially brought me here .
keykit looks like it might suit me but i would n't know best .
i 've got almost every skin you can get .
if you want a specific item just tell me in the chat and i 'll give you what you 'd like .
seen all the movies reading the comics now but never watched any of the series .
forgotten torch looks like roaring torch which looks like fireball .
eviscerate looks like sinister strike which looks like backstab which looks like eviscerate with combo which looks like shiv .
also all of shamamans thunder shit looks the same .
also hunter 's explosive and multishot just look recoloured compared to his ability power .
come to think of it so does mage but i can forgive mage .
what do you want them to do you ask ?
warlocks blackhole looks pretty neat why cant we have more of that ?
there 's alot more cards that need better animations imo ... my point is blizzard .
how much fucking money do you guys make per second ?
and you 're telling me you ca n't change the animation of a fire ball ?
i 'll do it myself if you pay me a shit ton of cash which is the equivalent of working blizzard .
maybe the coders blizzard should go sleep on their pillows made of money while their robot made of money sings them a song made of money while they fall asleep dreaming of money .
so this is just something funny i love reading the theories here on the page and love the comments and point/counter points that are brought up .
but i also chuckle so much at the shield flair .
on of the ones that makes me laugh went something like we do not sew we crochet '' or something like that as well as fetch the tinfoil stretcher '' which i always hear in robert baratheon 's voice .
please tell me the funniest shield flair you 've seen or that you have created we can all chuckle together .
we recently posted two psa s. i 'd like to quickly brief you on them .
in no way is this meant for this sub-reddit as this sub-reddit is community driven and we have no power here .
it is however for our official forums on steam .
the second one is about the constant questions about the cop pack .
it is important for people to realize the purpose of the official forum .
the purpose is to discuss payday 2 as a video game .
this sub-reddit the facepunch thread and any other venue is to be used as you see fit within the boundaries that are set up by those who host said forums .
we have no power here or there and have no interest in infringing on any free speech or anything else .
the official payday 2 forums on steam however are just that a place to talk about payday 2 .
hi i recently reread hope by jeconais and have been reading grow young with me by taliesin19 as it updates and was looking for some more fics where it 's harry just going on and living life after hogwarts and the war .
i 've been enjoying reading about harry 's life and stories where it does n't involve major catastrophic events that define the fic .
its a shame he is not on a top/semi top team atm .
a man was about to commit suicide and decides to search for a way to die in the internet but then he found an odd site that asked a lot of questions and had a point based system that allows you to create skills and abilities for a character .
he took interest in it and when he finished setting his character he was asked you will now be transported to a world with the settings you choose coming back is not possible do you still accept ?
then without thinking much of it he pressed yes and found himself in another world with the skills and abilities he chose to have .
my starting pg is westbrook and my backup is wall .
heartbeat sound is maybe the most familiar and atavistic sound we know .
it 's power both relaxing and angsty at the same time can be useful to obtain some involvement in the listener '' .
hi guys here 's my new work lovelyheart https github.com/limulo/lovelyheart a synth to procedurally simulate the sound of a beating heart .
here 's an article on it 's development http www.limulo.net/it/templates/sounddesign.php heartbeat .
i 'm looking for a solution to wirelessly share video audio with my raspi2 .
i have audio working using airtime osmc but apple broke the video aspect .
in my opinion there are a lot of references to psychedelic experiences in the work of meshuggah .
i have been thinking about this for some time and now i 've read this post about the link between meshuggah and dmt-use i would like to reopen the discussion .
post 'catch thirtythree 's relation to dmt/ayahuasca ' https www.reddit.com/r/meshuggah/comments/25929g/catch_thirtythrees_relation_to_dmtayahuasca
the lyrics in most of there songs certainly the lyrics of sol niger within are verry psychedelic
to push this further i watched the music video for the 10th track on the album shed .
the video is supremely reminiscent of what the dmt experience is described to be like .
in particular as i watched the video i was instantly reminded of the dmt scene in the film enter the void .
edit i see now i 've misspelled meshuggah in the title p
i 'm going to pick the titans because you ca n't go wrong with red and black .
the following events happened on this day in history !
ivan koloff with nikita koloff vs gene ligon http network.wwe.com/video/v531445483/milestone/532556783
midnight express vs mike simani and denny brown http network.wwe.com/video/v531445483/milestone/532564183
04/05/1992 wrestlemania show stealers a passing of the torch http network.wwe.com/video/v544927883
steve mcmichael and jeff jarrett vs public enemy http network.wwe.com/video/v31664081/milestone/36989307
owen hart and jeff jarrett vs x-pac and kane http network.wwe.com/video/v304710083/milestone/526053083
big show vs triple h and the rock http network.wwe.com/video/v304710083/milestone/526062183
cm punk kane mark henry christian and more http network.wwe.com/video/v31305869/milestone/31340867
jericho v piper and snuka and steamboat with flair http network.wwe.com/video/v31305869/milestone/31341101
04/05/2009 wrestlemania show stealers the light and the darkness http network.wwe.com/video/v544928283
mark henry and david otunga vs r truth http network.wwe.com/video/v31327089/milestone/31353327
alberto del rio with ricardo rodriguez vs sheamus http network.wwe.com/video/v31327089/milestone/31353497
a bunch of us will be competing at this thing and i know others are in range for visiting .
if i 'm doing this wrong mods plz remove and punish appropriately
i 've noticed recently that many trophies that ca n't be missed story trophies and the like are also quite rare .
for example in fallout 4 the trophy prepare for the future '' which just requires you to complete the game only has an achieved rate of 25.3 that means that 74.7 of people did n't even bother completing the main story is this really true why ?
in the game firewatch '' which is a short game only 57.9 of the people completed it .
is there really this many people just putting in a game playing it for a bit and then never touching it again ?
i have a surface pro 3 running windows 10 and a lumia 928 running windows 10 mobile .
windows phone is all but dead yet i see major players like twitter and starbucks coming out with windows 10 apps .
i assume these are or will be universal apps so presumably creating a tablet and phone version will be done all in one shot using the same base code but do most people even use apps on windows 10 ?
i use windows apps quite a bit but my impression from what i 've read is that most people use windows 10 as a desktop os and the app store is more of an optional feature that goes unused .
am i on the right track here and if i am why are new apps being developed by major players ?
is it so they can be on the windows 10 app bandwagon just in case it takes off ?
will these new apps once initially written and made available just sit in the store and grow stale no updates ?
i 'd love to hear other people 's thoughts on this .
as yuri fans we 're all chasing that high of reading a multi-volume epic like girl friends for the first time .
however as yuri fans we know all too well that the reality of the industry means we got ta take what we can get ... which are most often one-shot doujins .
i got myself a little sister http dynasty-scans.com/chapters/i_got_myself_a_little_sister akuta fumie
i am a bit new to reddit but i have been playing mabinogi duel since december 2015 as a f2p player .
a bit about myself is that i am a simpleton and ca n't create sophisticated deck builds even if my life depended on it .
my approach is relatively straightforward to try to do damage as fast as possible .
previously i had a simple deck based on arrow on revenge that i used frequently for pvp but ever since the change to aor i have been in a slump on pvp deck building .
one thing about that deck that i can say was that it felt ... stable '' or consistent '' .
now i have one deck i use currently but it feels weak .
i do n't know how to put it but it feels fragile and it is like an uphill battle every game heart pumping at the end .
i also think the latest seasons have brought newer and bigger and more varied threats than my straightforward approach can handle .
so if anyone can give any suggestions/pointers/mentoring on pvp deck building in general it would be very much appreciated .
i try to be as original as possible but like i said above currently lacking in the idea-generation/creativity department .
my experimentation on general deck building not just for pvp are not very good such as
an out of body '' '' net warrior '' theme
slime '' latest elfs that need 3 green creatures .
maybe this could be due having limited card pool being a f2p player and all .
for rookie arena my trap+partel seems to be hanging in there but i find myself relegated to draft arena lol .
ragen is really hitting the shitty blog and podcast interview circuit hard this year .
i actually had to go back and make sure i had n't written up notes for this one before because it 's so similar to every other interview she gives .
i think you could actually construct a list of ragen 's talking points and assemble a script .
when interviewers do n't ask her real questions like this woman she can just answer everything with a scripted piece .
just look at the number of times this woman expressed admiration and gushing praise for ragen without questioning anything she said or asking a single interesting question .
this is from the tough girl podcast '' and is available on youtube if you want to listen .
absolutely nothing of interest and a waste of an hour .
ragen chastain is a speaker writer dancer marathon runner and soon to be ironman .
ragen was always a little bit bigger than her classmates but she was also an athlete and very successful at sports so she did n't get any fat hate .
elite eating disorder story about the friend 's mother in high school she was hospitalized briefly '' etc .
interviewer struggles with the word fat '' and feels it is offensive .
she does n't like words like overweight '' that pathologize body weight .
using fat '' is one of the ways ragen tells her bullies that they ca n't have her lunch money anymore '' .
dance judges told ragen to lose weight because she was so insanely talented they did n't want it wasted '' on a fat person .
ragen immediately became a fat activist and started dances with fat .
spoiler she started the blog declared she would be a masters champion '' at any weight spent a few years failing miserably at dancing while whining about her weight and arguing with partners and her coach then gave up and called herself a professional dancer ''
we jump six years to 386,170 unhelpful things ragen 's big break on jezebel which apparently happened soon after she started writing the blog .
ragen got 10,000 hits in one day then found the fatosphere '' .
interviewer wants to know ragen 's opinion on health and body size '' relates her own experience about when she was unhealthy '' but thin .
ragen wants to decouple '' conversations about health and body weight .
there is not a single study anywhere that shows more than a tiny fraction of people are able to lose weight .
everyone regains weight and the majority regain more than they lost .
there is really good solid research '' that healthy habits are the only thing that dictate health .
ragen talks about the research-based perspective '' to give people an evidence-based way '' to understand that health is not an obligation .
using body weight as a proxy '' for health is apparently bad for fat people because it tells them they ca n't get healthier without losing weight but it also convinces skinny people they are healthy because they are skinny .
this is contrary to what the research '' shows .
public health 's job is to provide information and access so that people can make choices for themselves . ''
is impressed that ragen has learned to love her body and wants to understand more about the journey '' .
ragen gained a lot of weight after being hospitalized for her eating disorder and fat shaming doctors told her to lose weight .
ragen spent a few years doing diets and yo-yo dieting and lost the ability to lose weight short term .
the vlcd program where ragen gained a pound a week .
room with binder of fat women and kitten poster story .
and she did n't even know what bonbons were !
ragen made a big list of everything her body does for her including breathing blinking and waste management and every time she had a negative body thought she replaced it with something from the list .
interviewer wants to know if ragen carried on her dancing career .
ragen talks about her three national dance championships in austin and how she left her coach behind when she moved and did n't carry on with ballroom dancing .
she talks about more cabaret says the did some shows '' and she had a really good time with that '' .
i guess it 's safe to say more cabaret is another ragen flop
interviewer is fascinated about ragen 's marathon and wants to know her motivation for doing it .
ragen did a 5k just for fun '' and realized she never does anything that she is n't physically good at immediately .
she was amazing at soccer and volleyball and played both .
she tried out for basketball was n't good and quit .
she tried out for track and quit when they told her they did a 2 mile run every morning .
she 's just magically never been good at distance running .
because she 's involved in sports she gets a lot of good fatty privilege '' .
one of the reasons ragen was able to be so successful as a fat person is because she was really good '' .
she was a crowd favourite as a dancer etc .
she wanted to challenge herself at something she was n't good at .
at the same time she had a freak neck injury '' and lost the use of her arm .
she was n't allowed to do all her usual stuff like hiit plyometrics dancing high impact stuff '' etc .
at this point ragen is basically reading off hitting the homestretch http archive.is/u6kvu
ragen 's marathon training was a standard 2-3 short walks '' during the week and one long walk on the weekend .
interviewer wants to know if ragen was confident during her training .
ragen did n't enjoy her training but knew she had as much time as she wanted .
interviewer talks about how tough '' it is to walk for that length of time .
literally just go read her big fat finished marathon '' post .
sag wagon crying volunteers portapotties fat shaming medical staff .
ragen started crying when they told her they were going to tear down the finish line and the volunteers were really inspired .
i completed the distance and that 's what a marathon is . ''
interviewer wants to know what ragen learned from the experience .
ragen learned that she will just keep going until someone physically pulls her off a course .
interviewer notes that when everyone else does a marathon they have tons of supporters on the sidelines .
she ca n't believe ragen managed to finish with all the negativity '' from the volunteers trying to get her to quit .
it must have taken a lot of mental strength '' .
a runner recognized ragen and told her she loved her blog .
another runner tried to offer her soup socks and a headlamp .
interviewer notes that ragen busted stereotypes '' about fat people not being able to do 5ks and marathons .
she smashed that stereotype '' that fat people can go do marathons .
ragen gives her usual disclaimer about nobody being obligated to do movement .
talks about the culture of athletes trying to exclude fat people to improve their own self-esteem .
interviewer wants to know about some of ragen 's goals for herself .
ragen 's only goal right now is 17 hours to the finish line '' at her im on november 20 .
interviewer is in awe of ragen 's im attempt and the phenomenal challenge '' .
ragen relates her usual story about audio books during a cross-country drive etc .
ragen likes big goals that seem like she could maybe not accomplish them . ''
lol yeah we know how good ragen is at completing her goals
interviewer in awe of ragen and her big goals that she almost might not accomplish '' again .
asks what the next step was in terms of finding a race or doing further research .
ragen happened to know steve blackmon from when she lived in austin .
he 's a bigger guy '' and they used to have conversations about her being a fat dancer .
she facebooked him and asked him to coach her and he agreed .
ragen had no idea how difficult it would be to find equipment that worked for her body '' .
interviewer wants to know if ragen is doing this to lose weight .
ragen gets that a lot '' talks about the assumption that people exercise to lose weight .
apparently people used to ask her why she never lost weight as a dancer and she would tell them she was just where her body settles '' .
except for all that time she spent trying to diet while she was dancing but let 's just pretend that never happened ragen doubts '' she is going to lose weight during im training .
apparently she was in the hot tub at the gym last night and a man said he lost a bunch of weight when he started swimming and was totally unable to comprehend why does n't care about weight loss and only cares about athletic performance '' .
ragen started off doing speedwork and spinning '' because getting a bike that worked for her was so hard .
she started out by swimming and walking and trying to incorporate some running to get her faster .
right now she is doing some more speedwork to get her ready for future training .
her typical training is two short to medium run/walks one long run one long bike one speedwork on the bike '' and a couple swims that are focused on speed '' .
she is about to start longer open water swims again .
she need to go farther and faster than she does now .
she 's trying to set a pr every single day in her training .
it often seems like nothing she does is ever enough .
the only thing ragen enjoys is when she finishes training .
interviewer struggles '' with ragen 's attitude and wants to know how she can continue because it must be so difficult when she hates everything .
her strategy is to buy herself as much time as possible for the run .
she can apparently finish a 2.4 mile swim within the cut-off right now as long as it 's a calm environment .
interviewer learns from her mistakes whenever she does anything athletic .
wants to know some of ragen 's mistakes that helped her learn .
she has an eating plan but just does n't feel like eating a lot of the time .
she gives an example of a 62 mile bike ride where she stopped eating at mile 13 .
she talks about how much she learned from her swim failure during the 70.3 .
it had never taken her more than 59 minutes to swim 1.2 miles in her entire life before that day .
she admits she was unprepared for the swim and that she doggy paddled most of the thing .
interviewer yet again in awe of ragen 's accomplishments .
she is struck '' by the amount of hate ragen receives from people who do n't want her to succeed .
wants to know how she copes with hate and negativity .
ragen shuffles her notes gives some interesting '' examples of people trying to justify their negativity
well i would n't be like this except that she just thinks so much of herself . ''
well i would n't be like this except that i think she 's a charlatan and scammer . ''
ragen deals with it '' online because she wo n't allow sad people '' to get her to quit .
she feels pity and compassion '' for the people who find a fat athlete online and email her and tell her to die .
people scream at her from their cars and moo at her and throw eggs all the time .
more about the good fatty/bad fatty dichotomy which apparently no longer applies ?
so many people can learn from you and how you approach not only the haters but all these different challenges .
how you cope with this is absolutely inspirational . ''
interviewer asks what ragen would say to fat women listening who think they are too fat to do ironmans and such .
ragen says she would reply do the thing '' and that they should respond to bigotry and oppression but only if they want to .
the pillars of athleticism are strength stamina flexibility and sport-specific technique .
that is what ragen focuses on when she wants to do a sport not body manipulation '' .
on ironfat.com you will find all the stuff that inspires ragen all her selfies and rehashes '' of her workouts .
interviewer yet again in awe of ragen and how she promotes health and confidence at any size '' .
interview concludes with more gushing praise from interviewer about how inspirational ragen is with her big challenges ''
at first i really love paragon at it 's current state .
gameplay is super fun and balancewise it seems still more balanced than dota which is fine .
the one things that destroys my paragon experience and also the experience of many others i guess are leavers/afkers .
there are so incredibly many people leaving/afking that you can expect one in every second game .
leavers and afkers are literally nearly the only reason i lose games .
in the last 17 games i lost 7 games and 6 of them due to a leaver/afker .
what paragon needs is a really hard punishment for leavers .
like on your third leave you lose access for a week .
i 've decided to try reading aquinas ' summa theologica to overcome my recent intellectual struggles with faith .
does anyone have any advice on where to start or any texts that serve as a good companion to the summa theologica ?
i 'm a 22 year old cradle catholic not very well-versed in theology but i really want to learn more .
took a chance on one of rondo 's douglas tele style guitars .
i 've never had a tele or any kind of single coil guitar for that matter .
and being that i love hollow/semi hollow guitars particularly something with f-holes naturally i gravitated towards the thinline design .
in all fairness when i first pulled it out of the box and gave it an inspection i was a tad disappointed .
i could see a few small flaws in the wood and the finish neck joint was slightly imperfect but hey what do you expect for 125 ?
the only real issue was on play-ability though and in that regard right out of the box it did n't feel right .
not so much an intonation or set-up issue but there must have been some sort of grit or residue on all the frets because any type of bend or vibrato felt terrible like it was grinding against the frets .
but i kept playing around with it and after an hour or so of use i must have worn enough of the grit off because the neck started to feel much better under my finger tips .
had to wash a lot of black grit/soot off my fingers but small price to pay .
now that i 've had it a few days and have logged a dozen or so hours with it i can safely say it 's a pretty nice guitar for the price tag .
had i paid 1000 for it i would still be quite disappointed maybe still disappointed if i had paid 400 ... but for 125 i 'm definitely satisfied .
the neck is pretty chunky but it really does feel nice and fills a niche i did n't have previously .
pickups are n't very special but they sound nice enough with some bright twang especially on the bridge and i do n't see myself replacing them right away .
though i do plan to replace the tone pot and i 'm sure the bridge and nut could use some work to improve tuning stability .
compared to my other two main electrics it 's a nice change of pace .
the blue raven on the left is kind of a prs knockoff in body shape but in all practicality it 's more like a les paul in tone and feel .
the schecter on the right is something pretty different onto itself .
it has a 25.5 '' scale but the neck is very narrow and does n't feel at all like a typical fender type neck .
also even with light strings it has a lot of string tension and does n't bend very easily .
in comparison the douglas with the same 25.5 '' scale has more slack almost feels like it bends too easily .
in short the douglas is far from a perfect guitar but with a little bit of work it 's a nice player .
at it 's price point it would n't be an issue to throw in a few upgrades and make it a real gig-worthy axe .
i find the headstock design a little generic but i 'm not put off by it and do n't plan to try and cut it to make it look more like a real tele headstock .
what do you think is the best setup for masteries and why ?
some of you will probably say its situational so in which situations would it change ?
besides keystones what lower level masteries do you prefer ?
i typically run 12/0/18 grasp as feast lifesteal/spellvamp cc damage hp regen damage blocked flat health summoner spell cdr tenacity/slow resist grasp but i 'm thinking of switching my default to 18/0/12 fervor as feast lifesteal/spellvamp cc damage armor pen fervor armor/mr damage blocked flat health summoner spell cdr .
i 've heard of 12/0/18 grasp 0/12/18 grasp 18/0/12 fervor 18/12/0 fervor 18/0/12 warlord 's 18/12/0 warlord 's 12/18/0 thunderlord 's and 0/18/12 thunderlord 's .
are there any other things that you guys have heard of for gnar ?
and what do you recommend as the two trees you put points in ?
is there ever a time to have an 18:6:6 mix in masteries ?
is anyone else having issues with this frontier registration ?
i registered but ca n't link my fios account because i do n't have my account number because i signed up for the paperless statements ... . this is absolutely frustrating .
i 'm failing in school and have a terrible attendance but i do n't wan na get called up on it so i miss school even more .
i feel i have no one i can talk to and every person i 've gotten closer to has just abandoned me the girl of my dreams was telling me about her feelings for another guy tonight .
and im sitting here contemplating killing myself cause i have literally no purpose or anyone to talk to the only thing holding me back is thinking about my mums reaction .
i am getting recommendations even though my history is paused .
hell i have even cleared cookies and that does n't even work .
if you escalate this to youtube i would thank you .
i 'm just really confused where her popularity came from and how she won the show .
i do n't remember anything significant from her from produce 101 .
i just feel sense it is a class though in a special condition it should have a relic .
would love if i could get a speed boost torchic as i missed the event where you were given one .
if anyone has a spare or anything would appreciate it .
so thanks to some very generous redditors i 've managed to have a team that allowed me to break into hard but even with 30k smile/pure i can barely break a b rank on these songs .
what genre '' score did you guys first really start seeing s ranks on hard songs ?
and how much worse are ex songs requirement wise ?
also i found into legend maki is my favorite card in the game right now i 've seen it in several boxes and know that some cards go out of rotation and draw less when they do come back up .
is this maki card in danger of me having to wait a year to get ?
or am i safe saving up loveca to get my best girl without soloyolo ?
i 'm really looking forward to getting better 3 almost can fc hards and am looking forward to being able to tier in events with ex songs soon d
b/o 900-1000 dollars in skins screens http imgur.com/a/8fdrz trade ulr https steamcommunity.com/tradeoffer/new ? partner=157439319 token=c_se9n3c steam https steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198117705047
mas agora parece que o único assunto para 100 das pessoas que conheço no real e no virtual é política o tempo todo .
você é acossado com frases e acusações veladas sobre política em qualquer lugar da fila do pão ao táxi .
rasgam o bife no prato pensando no cunha vão pra academia e batem no saco de pancada pensando na dilma punhetam pensando no lula .
tava interessante acompanhar o desenrolar dos acontecimentos afinal é a história diante dos nossos olhos em tempo real .
mas tô tomando um asco por causa desse clima de obsessão e fanatismo .
pra piorar geralmente é aquela discussão em que ninguém quer de fato sair mais informado aquela animosidade desnecessária um querendo comer a cabeça do outro dedos acusatórios aqui olhares belicosos acolá .
is there a difference enough to justify the cost or is there something better ?
to make a long story short i 'll be in canada for a year and am trying to use an unlocked phone with a canadian number while i hold on to my att iphone to use on wifi .
both iphones will obviously have different numbers but will i receive imessages on both devices ?
this seems like it could be a nightmare to use two iphones ...
last year i danced my ass off to jungle and glass animals .
are there any artists similar to them this year ? ?
i discovered jungle right before heading to indio last year and their album is now one of my favorites of all time .
so a lot of gods like loki and kali and arachne/etc have the like 1/.5/1x attack progression or whatever .
loki and kali in their stats both of theirs say damage and attack speed/swing time or whatever .
arachne 's does n't have the swing time notation and her attack chain is .5/1/1x does that mean she 's hitting for half damage on the first hit but with 'full ' attack speed delay or is the note just mia ?
the output from my ps4 recently starting appearing like this .
have tried switching hdmi cables and nothing i do from safe mode seems to fix it .
today is the first meeting of the bipolar support group in my area .
i 'm really nervous because apparently i 'm going to be the youngest one there by miles .
i also accept 1 or 2 items that are worth around 10 euro's/11 dollars .
or look for jeff_pascal ... over 9000 hours in rust
figured it 'd be better if everyone posted their icon specific complaints in the comments and let the up-votes decide .
i am a jungle main atm d4 just deranked from d3 .
since i did n't get any response in the ovpn forums i 'll try it here .
i 'm running proxmox on my vps i have a container that runs an openvpn server clients get an ip from 10.2.0.0/24 and the container/all my containers get ips from 10.1.0.0/24 .
since i want to access the proxmox webinterface of my host and the containers of the host via ssh directly without tunneling the connection i wan na route the 10.1.0.0/24 subnet to my clients .
edit i found the problem i had to do route add net 10.2.0.0/24 gw 10.1.0.101 on my proxmox host so it routes the traffic correctly .
during the winter dawn rekindled her friendship with anna which had dwindled a little in the wake of anna 's marriage upheaval .
now anna is pregnant and happy and is having a shower at aunt susans home .
i am invited to the shower but i live hours away and have just had a new baby it 's hard and i bring my husband to help me .
we are a little separate from things and need to take care of our own things a little so we use one of the bedrooms upstairs and family comes around to check on us every once in a while .
we were n't in the room the whole time but frankly the party was super loud and our baby is and was not good in a crowd .
dawn was one of our visitors she has long talked about 'the infamous day three '' she believes that the third day after a baby is born is the hardest day for a parent .
she is simply delirious with anticipation to hear how horrible this day was for her friends and family .
almost like it validates how hard her experience was to hear others have had a tough time .
now there is some merit to this notion as a lot of women experience a hormonal flush and it 's quite emotional and exhausting ... ... ... however it 's not like a rule .
not everyone experiences it and not everyone reacts the same way but i kind of know what it is i 'm supposed to say here and am anticipating her questions on it .
so dawn comes up to 'check and see how i '' m doing with breastfeeding ' it 's ok thanks .
then she gets really antsy and excited and smug so how was your day three ?
huge smile on her face eager to hear all about my horrible experience .
thing is i did n't have a horrible experience .
i had prepared for that day because of how horrible dawn told me it was going to be ... .perhaps that 's why but my mother was there my husband was there i had favorite wholesome foods and comfort foods and i had a shower then a nap ... ... ..there were tears but i could n't tell you i had an emotional breakdown that my mother had to talk me back up from .
i knew dawn was going to think i was lying and be dissapointed in me so i kind of siad it was a doosy brutal yeah '' and my husband kind of nodded along .
she was convinced but as she really did n't need my participation for what she wanted to do today and she decided to tell me that her brothers girlfriend was pregnant .
i knew that john was not on good terms with dawn and likely had n't told her .
i also knew that his girlfriend had suffered atleast 2 miscarriages in the last year which dawn has so lovingly shared with me behind their backs and i was n't sure this was news i was supposed to know either .
dawn sees my trepidation and says ' oh no it 's cool john said it was ok to share with family '' ok awesome i think finally she 's listened and understands i do n't want to know secrets anymore ! !
our daughter calms down and we reenter the party .
i see girlfriend kind of keeping her hand on her belly and smiling to herself and she catches my eye looks at dawn and then back to me and i thought that this meant she understood that dawn had told us about the pregnancy .
girlfriend is in a quiet corner of the party so i take my drink and baby and go to stand with her .
i know she loves babies and i 'd be happy to show her off to the expectant mother .
i saddle up beside her and say 'i hear congratulations are in order ' and her face fell .
she tells me that they are n't at 12 weeks yet and she 'd appreciate it if i did n't tel anyone else i sputter that i 'm so sorry and of course i '' ll keep it to myself i was just told that they were starting to tell people and i wanted to say congrats .
she says i 'd been a long road here and they jsut do n't want to jinx anything i agree and say i 'll pray for them and keep my mouth shut about their happy news .
dawn sees this exchange and is really worried looking .
the next time i 'm upstairs feeding my daughter dawn come up again to cover her tracks .
i tel her that girlfriend was n't telling people about the pregnancy yet and that now dawn has told me yet another secret that i should n't know .
she says that maybe it was just that she did n't want to detract from anna 's day ... ... ... ... then she tells me this is really so strange as john told her its a really happy bit of news because johns girlfriend has suffered several miscarriages a fact i already know because she told me these secrets but seems to have forgotten that she told me and that they are not secrets she was allowed to share and when i do not react as if this is new information she then digs out that the miscarriages were suspected side effects of girlfriends horribly abusive childhood that john and the girlfriend have been seeing a doctor to try and rapeir the damages.this news gets the reaction she was looking for apparently and she latches on to it .
before my husband and i can say stop she 's spewed out this womans whole life story of incest rape physical and mental abuse and again dawn is manic with the elation of telling a juicey secret .
my husband and i look at one another horrified .
send offers https steamcommunity.com/tradeoffer/new ? partner=195599608 token=w2mlypi2 add to discuss http steamcommunity.com/id/oaopixels001
all of sudden heard a metal on metal grinding noise coming from one of the motors with an 'odure ' .
last night gave her a 'spring clean ' wheels off cleaned the bearings changed the belts so re tensioned them as well .
took her out for a quick test run ... grinding noise still there ...
i am a bot designed to create a new post each day so we can all discuss today 's afterbirth daily challenge !
please post all scores discussion and thoughts and today 's daily in the comments below .
if you want to avoid being spoiled about the daily do n't venture below this point .
also feel free to use https greedbutt.com to link to your score so people can compare .
hello currently i 'm playing from thailand which is obviously within the sea region .
however when i check the ping of both servers eu and sea with i find that i have less ping on the eu server for some reason .
my average ping on the sea server is 400ms with spikes up to 500ms however my ping on the eu servers is a stable 300ms .
most games with a proper sea server would give me 150ms so whats the deal ?
is the sea server a lie and they 're actually located somewhere in america ?
a raven is sent out to all holds in the north and a few in the vale aswell as some in the riverlands .
it is with pride in my heart i invite you to the wedding of my brother keltorn mulynn and evelyne locke .
the feast shall take place in the 12th month of the year 307 ac .
there will be archery and a hunt aswell as a melee .
however as deepwood motte is a small keep we have to keep the melee small and only 20 people can join in .
if the interest is there we might arrange a second melee after the feast .
i sincerely hope that you will come and celebrate this joyous occasion with us .
edit the signups for the stuffs are in another post here https www.reddit.com/r/ironthronepowers/comments/4dfsgw/signups_for_the_games_at_the_mulynn_locke_wedding
my chinese friends are asking me about this looks everything in chinese regarding the panama papers were deleted or censored ?
i 've not played this game since the dlc with the roman colaceum map came out think it was the first ever dlc but i want to get back into it .
hello guys i was looking for m9 sapphire for pure keys if anyone know for how much can i get the cheapest m9 plz comment
my dad is retired so now he makes woodworking projects for fun .
i originally was just stacking my games in the corner of the room .
also i had a moderately sized table he made me a new one to allow for playing even the largest of games !
it has 3 different sizes available with slide-out leafs .
top red dragon inn all big box expansions erin character expansion pathfinder skulls shackles w all adventure packs character packs .
top shelf one night ultimate werewolf collector 's box w all expansions promos 7 wonders cities babel expansions in box with broken token organizer onuw playmat sentinels of the multiverse playmat signed by all the game creators xenoshyft onslaught playmat roll for the galaxy ambition in box xenoshyft onslaught ks edition
second shelf sentinels of the multiverse w all expansions and most promos mage knight all expansions but the newest robinson crusoe
third shelf marvel 's legendary all expansions villains has the broken token organizer in box
fourth shelf lotr the card game this is n't mine but my group plays it at my place so it 's stored here
fifth shelf agricola farmers of the moor legen-dairy expansions lords of waterdeep w expansion hanabi guillotine zombie dice all expansions blockers !
b-sieged ks version w all expansions except extra hero set
bottom shelf all empty boxes that have been combined with the above .
missing from picture star wars imperial assault at a friend 's place since we play the game there
favorite games everything in my collection is there for a reason i consider them all good enough to own .
however my favorite couple would probably be marvel 's legendary onuw and roll for the galaxy .
favorite games i do n't own lotr the card game pandemic legacy kingdom death monster
i 'm not sure if this is a bug or not but my score of 500k on the ex of puwa puwa is what 's counting as my score in the rankings atm not my hard score .
i ca n't use steam overlay when i play mass effect .
it 's enabled in both mass effect 's settings and steam settings .
i 've tried running both steam and me as admin not running them as admin and only running one as admin tried both .
tried running in compatibility mode for windows 7 my previous pc had windows 7 and the overlay worked and xp with service pack 3 .
tried booting from the launcher in the steam folder and the masseffect.exe in the binaries folder .
any help and/or advice getting the overlay working with the game would be great thanks .
this album has been reviewed with an onkyo tx-8020 receiver jamo s60 sur bookshelf speakers yamaha yst-fsw050 subwoofer and pioneer pl-255 direct drive turntable .
the truth is that band of horses is just another mid-noughties indie-folk outfit .
and this record reminds me of a vivid experience decrepit barstools cheap beer broken down p.a .
systems that sound like shit even as they play to half empty venues .
yet that does n't mean the band lacks from playing with gusto .
oh no they will play with ever more liveliness .
if i 'm being completely objective everything all the time should suck .
i loved this album because it transported me to my happy place .
and my happy place is where pacific northwest bands sporting flannel and beards give their music a solid go putting on the performance of their lifetimes even as so few people witness it .
everything all the time sounds familiar because to be honest you 've probably heard something similar to this before .
if you tune into one of those radio stations that plays the shins mumford sons and coldplay on repeat you 'll recognize this for what it is .
and yeah i do n't blame you if you 've already made up your mind to not like this because i also tire of this same generic middle-of-the-road pablum fed to the pbr-swilling crowd .
but there 's something about band of horses something grandiose .
while other indie bands give off a steady meh '' of we 're not trying to be cool '' this particular band mines for something transcendant .
this is hinted with lyrics like at every occasion i 'm ready for a funeral . ''
to me there 's something real about sentiment like this .
it might not be everyone 's cup of tea and i do n't blame them .
once again though i remember drinking that cheap beer on that barstool with duct tape on the seat .
but oh my god when that reverb-washed guitar just overwhelms your ears you can forgive that .
while reverb can be a gimmick much like anything else there 's just something majestic about how this is executed .
what i 'd immediately compare this to is neil young and the sundays .
electric guitar is aggressive but things also get acoustic and some mandolin and piano makes a grand appearance .
now are band of horses the best at what they do ?
but there 's no question that i like this record .
i go to the barn because i like the '' 3:06
this album was recorded at avast studios and was produced engineered and mixed by phil ek .
ek has worked with a number of notable artists including father john misty the walkmen les savy fav .
on one hand it really does capture the feeling of being at a live show .
when i hear this album i can practically taste the shitty beer at the shitty venue and it fills me with a warm feeling .
on the other hand why did n't they give this album more dynamic range ?
sure on the opening song it makes sense to be balls-to-the-wall loud .
but for the folkier numbers why could n't they allow for more quiet ?
catalogue number is sp 690 issued by sub pop in 2015 and manufactured in the usa .
the front cover features a painting of trees mirrored horizontally .
the band 's name is in white cursive font in large print with the album name in yellow all-caps sans-serif .
the back cover features the track list with label logo copyright information and a barcode 0 98787 06901 3 '' .
the liner notes are on tan-brown paper and displays songwriting and personnel credits .
the etchings say 14144 3 '' golden '' and sp 690-a or b '' .
the vinyl label is dark brown with grey lettering .
on the label is band and album names side speed and stereo labels label logo tracklist and copyright information .
this had to be the laziest packaging for any repress i 've ever received .
in this day and age there 's no excuse to offer flimsy plastic for the innersleeve which is a pain when you put the disc back in the cover .
on top of that the mastering is n't that good .
this was a chance for sub pop to improve the dynamic range .
even with that disappointment i still recomment everything all the time because this was dirt cheap .
no joke you can buy this new on amazon for slightly more than 10 .
on top of that it comes with an mp3 download code too !
at the end of the day i like this album .
though this vinyl release is lacking it still hits the right price point .
so i recommend this album on vinyl ... with reservations .
i have a m27 apple tree in my back garden .
i have n't really paid much attention to it the last few years .
it 's has formed itself into 3 very long branches one straight up and 2 either side with the flowers coming of the parts at the end .
firstly when is the best time to prune the tree and secondly whats the best way to prune it if at all .
i would like to make it more compact with more fruit bearing branches .
let me start out by saying i love this game and i 'm only really typing this because of the maintenance .
with that said why do i always have to be forced into combat with the ai ?
better kill the one enemy that is no where to be seen .
not to mention that they will chase you forever !
what if i agree this group of ai is just to tough and i try to run away ?
i get mowed down in the back all down manhatten .
what if i 'm just trying to run past ?
nope got ta kill these guys and those guys too .
it 's fun to kill guys but if you 're not trying to it gets old really quick .
it feels like some sort of combat is always being shoved down my throat .
sometimes i just want to enjoy the scenery or quickly safe house so i can take care of home life .
my solution would be to lower the distance the enemies chase you maybe even keep them in bounds so long as it doesnt get abused and also lower the distance they can see you !
with the new event and since i always postponed the time i 'll get into this game i admit i never did it .
fft was released on ps1 on 1997 and re-released on psp 10 years later in 2007 .
is there any other release or any hint for a new release in 2017 i missed ?
what 's the best way to get it to this date ?
edit i forgot to say i 'm not an english grammar nazi since i 'm not english myself and i have a psp
hey trying to finish my bounties on my warlock .
it was purely multiple choice and there was only one correct answer for each question .
the rules stated very very clearly that you get 4 marks for a correct response and 1 marks for an incorrect response .
there are 90 questions overall so the maximum marks is 360 .
with my rudimentary knowledge of probability i can figure out this much on average you should gain 1/4 mark per question even with absolute blind guessing .
i used the following thought experiment suppose there were only 4 questions .
on average blind guessing means you should get 1 right and three wrong that 's 4 and 3 for a grand total of 1 for four questions or 1/4 mark per question .
therefore my question is this keeping in mind that i really only have an intuitive knowledge of expected value does this mean that the expected value of purely guessing every single question is 90/4 or 22.5 marks ?
because that does n't seem to sit right with me that 's a really really large increase in marks relative to the kind of score most people get by pure guessing .
i 'm thinking i 've got something wrong or the test-setters screwed up .
they should have subtracted 1.33 marks for each incorrect answer to make sure guessing is n't a problem .
fans of bournemouth fc are reeling after their side has been caught in a performance enhancing drug scandal .
the club has suffered many consequences including the sacking of manager eddie howe immediate relegation to the football league two and a two season long transfer ban .
the relatively unknown and newly appointed manager thomas woodmore has been the centre of discussion at bournemouth fc .
in a recent press conference woodmore stressed the paramount importance of building up the team again .
we need to think of new ways we can go about managing this football club as a whole .
i am excited for the opportunity to manage such a great team and look forward to bringing it back to its rightful place in the premier division of english football . ''
in his first act as bournemouth manager woodmore hired and dispatched matty mcardle antonio lopes and eren castroman to england spain and switzerland respectively .
the northern irishm scout mcardle was instructed to set up a thorough scouting network in england looking for any promising young players .
distinguished spanish youth scout antonio lopes was also sent to his home country looking for the best young players in spain .
lopes later moved to columbia to continue his search .
being trilingual castroman was shortly sent to belgium and later germany in search of top european talent .
while many scouted players remain in woodmore 's academy a carefully selected few have been promoted to the first team .
spanish left midfielder david navas has already nailed down a starting spot and seems to have taken woodmore 's fancy .
olivier schuermans is an impressive belgian attacking midfielder but will remain a bench player for the foreseeable future .
in what turned out to be a dominant season bournemouth cleaned up the football league two with a 100 point season .
when asked to comment on his side 's performance woodmore offered this it 's encouraging .
there 's a generally good feeling around the lads and we believe that there 's only good things to come .
young players like navas and schuermans really improved this season .
i 'm excited to give them more first team opportunities next season . ''
if you 're still with me thanks for reading .
would you be interested in a season two wrap up once i 've finished playing it ?
please comment any suggestions you have i 'd be happy to implement them .
also i got the idea of a youth squad legends career mode from cutzy i 'm not claiming any ownership of the idea .
i would like to set up two monitors to one build .
one would be 1080p 23 '' monitor and secondnone will be other smaller monitor .
i would like to have browser on one and gaming on 23 '' .
how to do this and can you recommend any monitors for 1080p 60fps gaming ?
i already have lg monitor but that 's unavailable at this moment .
just spoke with cs and they said as of now there 's no eta of service being restored .
i dont save alot of my work nor do i render alot .
what is your preferred medium e.g pencils paint digital etc. ?
90 digital i will sketch in my sketch book when i 'm out and about
e.g the type of style realism manga western people-characters-landscape etc .
i am building a portfolio this year to hopefully get accepted into art center cali
after that i would hopefully get a job in the gaming industry as a concept artist .
are you looking for a buddy of a similar level or something more advanced ?
you can have more than one buddy so if you feel like you want both then leave this question blank
similar or more advanced does n't matter as long as you have a drive to get better and a mind for design .
i am trying to make this into a career so we can hold each other accountable to practice every day .
how often would you like to share work with your artbuddy ?
how do you wish to communicate with your artbuddy ?
i 'm going to take this very seriously so if you are not willing to work at it then i do n't want to work with you .
i am planning on drawing 5 hours a day .
price s 180 for the 3 day pass or for the set of 3 fri sat sun
special notes if you are in the philadelphia area i can meet in person to pay for the pass es .
so i was trying to play with some friends and they 're playing on the redboid server but so far when i go to the public list it only shows 4 servers i can connect to those fine but any other server i try to connect to i get connection failed not entirely sure what 's going on with my internet or game .
they controlled practically all of asia at their peak .
i just cant understand how they could just dissipate and or get taken over .
i acquired 1 gram of 5f and mixed it in 1 liter of propylene glycol .
that is probably slightly inaccurate because the net contents of the pg are only 950 ml and i did n't get all of the powder that was into it .
i do n't know exact dosages so i will have to say ml instead .
a week ago i took the solution orally with a syringe .
4.5 ml total of 5f divided into 4 doses upping the dose when a half hour went by .
after the last one i gave up and went to bed however i will say that i slept very deeply and felt groggy in the morning .
so i tried 5.5 ml at once today and started playing music .
at t+20m i noticed music sounded slightly different not necessarily better .
the biggest thing i noticed was an intense need to pee .
at about t+25m i went up to go the background feeling like i 'm coming up more .
i went to take a piss but only a little came out !
my bladder felt full but i could not figure out how to use the muscle to make myself pee .
i started thinking i broke my bladder and would have to cath for the rest of my life all because i was too lazy to go find real weed .
i started to feel my anxiety rising quickly as i walked back to bed feeling more high now .
after a moment 's deliberation i reached for my panic button the 3 etizolams i had sitting on my desk .
in all the research i 've done about this compound and believe me being a noid i 've done enough i 've never come across bladder problems being an issue .
of note i did have 4f-mph in my system at the time it was my first time for that too and it was clearly active but only gave me mild energy no extra focus and no change in mood except frustration .
i 'm not worried about that b/c i did use it just before dinner .
i do realize stims tend to give anxiety though i 've never felt anxious on stims before so it must be noids .
i have very little experience with marijuana and no tolerance .
this is the first synth noid i have tried .
she has requested for me to find a way for her to be able to easily extend the laptop display to two monitors on her home office desk .
i can figure out how to get picture to one by just using vga but how do i get picture to two ?
it seems to me like the tire would just roll right over the chock .
how can a tiny wheel chock stop a huge car or even airplane ?
i do n't care if you do not go over there any more .
go over there and rec this diary by subir .
my personal opiate addiction is hard for me to talk about .
i have been using opiates for almost ten years .
started with pills moved on to h. i recently got clean for three weeks which was huge for me .
i relapsed and have been using for two weeks .
i did n't realize until a friend who was getting the same stuff took a drug test and came up positive for fentanyl .
i particularly do n't like it and want to try to get clean again .
can anyone let me know what the withdrawal is like ?
i was wondering if there are any tools or methods for converting my inventor 2016 .ipt files to work with my friend 's copy of inventor 2014 .
so what happens if any other class than warlock uses renounce darkness ?
for example a priest thoughtstealing it or a mage getting it from a spellslinger .
it seems silly to me that a priest would put away his inner evil to finnally become the jarraxxus lover warlock he always wanted to be 😈 .
trying to remember a specific movie because i want to watch it again .
it has some b list actors stuck in their apartment basement after a some nuclear war goes off .
there is a few adults and one small little girl .
the guy who lives in the basement is hoarding all this stuff because he was semi prepared for the situation .
in the end after a total shit-storm the protagonist woman steals a bunch of stuff and makes a break for the surface through a disgusting toilet .
i 've been searching up and down for movies that follow this summary .
there are quite a bit but none being the one i want d
everything in my inventory is for sale if you like something just send me a trade offer
so i feel like i nailed the firefighters entrance exam .
yes there were 4000 people that took the test .
nevertheless i came over to silver leaf cigar which has an awesome selection and ordered myself a single malt scotch and a liga privada 9 to celebrate https imgur.com/a/62fnu
here 's to me hopefully putting out fires in this fine town in october !
would the ability of healing be good for this game ?
or should i just stick with my attacking team ?
i am just wondering what your favorite drugstore concealers are !
i am in need of concealer and have honestly never really worn it before ... . to give an indication of my skin it 's pale with pink undertones i am a ginger .
i am usually the lightest shade of foundation you can get .
i also live in ns so no london drugs or anything although i wish we had one from the posts i have seen on here .
if anyone has any suggestions i would love to hear them !
edit since some of you asked it is for dark under eye circles !
well that is always has been how bill credits have worked for my accounts .
so after my first month of the free data for life i noticed my bill jumped up 10 .
it specifically stated on the order page and several other pages that yes the plan is 10 it uses the on demand plan but adds a 200mb data pass but then that 10 is credited off of your bill essentially making it free .
i had a live chat and from what i 'm understanding i 'm basically still paying the 10 even though it is supposed to be credited off of my bill .
if this is really the case it should be better stated as it is really misleading .
here is the relevant part of the chat log .
cardio foreeeever but if i have to give in to strength training it 's gon na be body pump or a group class .
yeah each team only gets 2 changes so they chances of there being a big rostermania is very low .
if you went to a major outlet to have it developed then this is n't likely .
my brother had a bunch of disposable cameras at his wedding reception for guest to snap whatever they wanted and when we developed them they told us that a couple cameras could n't be touched because some kids ran off in the bathroom and started taking pictures of their butts and stuff .
you ca n't culture shift to another culture group as persia .
pretty much all countries listed there are incapable of shifting to another culture group
to me it looks like they are completly overwhelmed with bugs and really do n't know how to fix that stuff in time .
the other bill was all over that scene in 1996 so people would n't have been surprised at all .
hell he was fielding sexual assault charges in 1986 and 1976 too .
i 'm gon na have to draw up something similar to that last bird piece .
just one question and sorry if it 's stupid but does he just spray paint his pieces ?
i do n't have the slightest clue about finishing that nicely right now i 'm the thick and drippy type .
one hacking paying customer probably turns away multiple honest customers .
so by not banning 1 hacking customer you potentially lose unknown number here honest customers .
that 's a rude thing to say about a guy who obviously gave you a pity fuck ...
except i am not rationally embarrassed it 's only the way i feel inside that has an impact on how i act .
for example i have no problem dealing with people ono-to-one but the moment the same person tries to put me in a bad spot in front of a bunch of people i feel like crap and ca n't say shit .
any word from anyone if apple music supports artists pushing out updated versions of songs like souncloud and tidal .
unfortunately it was removed because it is an attribution link and not a direct link to the video .
to have your post accepted you will need to remove the attribution part from the url .
for more information and/or assistance click here https www.reddit.com/r/videos/wiki/automoderator/p/c4 .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/videos if you have any questions or concerns .
oh yea i forgot about crit confirmations in 3.5.. been so long since i played .
i did n't remember that extra part about 4th either but did n't play 4th a lot .
its more like kumpel than kamerad kamerad is a military expression form ww2 .
just because bernie supports lofty ideas does n't mean congress wo n't kill it .
i ca n't believe there 's nothing we can do as citizens about having corrupt criminals run for fucking president .
except there 's already a word for legal equality between all people ''
i 'm specifically interested in those that add new biomes and more diverse flora..
i also like the touch of putting him next to the lake '' gridball '' .
sometimes i think i look cute in the mirror but i always look like the foulest turd you can think of in photos that are n't selfies .
science says what you see in the mirror is not an accurate depiction of your true appearance so i guess i 'm just ugly .
we 're also well past the time of year for general masked festivals as those are usually in february before lent kicks in .
it 's fantastic to be inside the game that i loved 20 years ago .
if you have n't tried it download it from sideloadvr
i recommend that you also download the highres textures as recommended by the gearvr website .
tbh postal was kinda funny but nothing compared to the game .
do you work on any training or mental stimulation ?
you 've got a remarkably smart combo with the lab and husky maybe she 'll feel more fulfilled if you work on training for some new tricks or skills like place '' etc for 10 minutes at a time several times a day .
you can reward her with praise bits of kibble tiny training treats toys or even cheerios depending on what drives her .
the added bonus for this is when she is being too clingy you can send her to her place so that both of you can break the mental cycle of anxiety for a bit .
try not to rile her up too much for this because it seems like she has three main mental states excited stimulation and sleep and she does n't know what to do the rest of the time so she defaults to her third state of anxiety .
try to develop in her another state of focused but not overly excited concentration and mental stimulation .
as far as the food puzzles is she simply not food-motivated or is it possible that the food inside is n't a high-value reward to her ?
have you tried a kong filled with peanut butter and frozen or some higher-value small training treats in the food puzzles instead of kibble ?
if she likes to chew try bully sticks dried bull/elk/deer penis they do n't smell so fresh but i think my pup would jump out of our third-story window if he thought that would earn him one of those ... you can freeze those too if you try them and she just blasts through them instantly .
you said she does n't like dogs she does n't know but do you know of any dogs she likes ?
do you have any friends with dogs that you could possibly offer to watch for them and bring that pup over for playtime and see if the distraction of another dog around helps to burn off energy or mellow her out ?
lastly try not to put too much pressure on yourself or on her .
you two might be in an anxiety-spiral where you 're both feeding off of that energy from each other especially because you said she sleeps when you 're busy or gone so maybe her anxiety is n't so crippling all the time you might try some deep breathing when she 's staring at you in for a count of four out for a count of four repeat 5 times it is totally bananas it takes advantage of a vagus nerve response and drops my heart rate by 15-20 bpm in the span of 30 seconds .
see if your calmer state has any impact on her .
bottom line you 're going to get some good suggestions here and you can get something figured out stay positive .
the first two superman films and the michael keaton batman films are great .
many years ago i lived in a us college dorm i 'm going to be little vague .
i met many people the first week one of whom was a guy from europe .
within the first few weeks he had written me dozens of letters in his native language which i had learned in school had fallen across my lap in an awkward !
hug '' to express his love for me followed me around campus leaped out of shrubbery to take pics of me gave me an engagement ring which i did n't accept etc .
two years later he showed up in a different state where i had moved to pre-internet so i do n't know how he found me ... we did n't have friends in common and i thought he 'd gone back to europe .
got rid of him and years later a year ago he contacted me online finding me was probably not obvious because i 'm kind of cagey now .
sometimes creepy is just creepy and not dangerous but take it seriously .
people can be very persistent and creeping is easier now than it used to be e.g. finding people .
i had to get over being polite and nonconfrontatioal which is no excuse for allowing people to take advantage !
and go beyond direct to angry to get rid of him this last time .
i hope people reading this especially young ones take this kind of crap seriously and put a stop to it as soon as they can .
having the europe guy find me repeatedly after name geographical career etc changes is something that 's affected me for decades .
it 's been minimal for me because the guy has mostly just been an annoyance but you do n't know what 's in people 's heads or how far they are willing to go .
you were right to tell your dad although he was no help right to move and right to tell the cops .
if the guy is just a goober fine you 've helped teach him what not to do and you 'll hopefully get some peace .
if the guy 's worse you 're protecting yourself and it 's necessary .
i like azirs dialogues but the way he say them is not really that good imo .
i like kindred and sol because they are calm and bm .
ah so it would be more of a sword/shield tank rather than a two-handed tank .
would i still switch to 2h sword for the highlander skills ?
i was originally going for a two-handed tank but the idea of this fencer/evasion tank appeases my interests also so it would n't be that huge of an issue .
i logged on after 10 years a few weeks ago all my pets were fine but hungry .
this comment has been overwritten by an open source script to protect this user apos s privacy .
if you would like to do the same add the browser extension greasemonkey https addons.mozilla.org/en-us/firefox/addon/greasemonkey to firefox and add this open source script https greasyfork.org/en/scripts/10380-reddit-overwrite .
then simply click on your username on reddit go to the comments tab and hit the new overwrite button at the top .
chapbooks 40 page pamphlet-like '' books comprised of poetry or fiction or in some more modern '' cases both .
if women are cheaper why companies even hire men ?
that gap does n't consider overtime leaves career choices and other factors the gap is almost gone some say 3-5 cents also 90 of work related deaths are men .
also check the pay gap between male and female models .
i 'm in the exact same boat and in the bay area too even .
i 've been looking for months with nothing to show for it .
actually going to look at one tomorrow but it 's nowhere near as nice as ops .
when i was little i would pray before bed and because i am a catholic i would do the sign of the cross at the beginning and end of the prayer .
if i forgot to pray for someone and realized this right after i ended my prayer i would do the sign of the cross again because i did n't think god would hear my prayer if i did n't give ring him up with the sign of the cross
no it is n't tomb raider took uncharted gameplay and made it better but copied and added a few things here and there it 's not a bad thing tomb raider is a better game for it and i 'm sure uncharted is a better game for taking things from tomb raider .
lol i did n't even notice the 2nd one .
i was jumping around over the actual platinum sword .
admittedly i did notice the plat sword in pull 5 and was fairly salty .
mouseover or click to view the metric conversion for this comment http fiddle.jshell.net/convertstometric/xhk4y5h5/show/light ? 3 20miles 20 204.8 20km 0a 3 miles 4.8 km
why have you decided to keep it quasi-secret and what do your colleagues who have found out think about it ?
powerpc apps are no longer supported no work-around using el capitan .
you 'd have to create a partition and install an older version of osx from a backup maybe ?
if you want domestic media the guy before me linked it .
i would add rbc as a huge outlet he missed .
the fact is that both government-funded and private russian media both inner oriented and with international presence reported the news .
there is not official silence '' like ibt claims .
and i agree with rt that anti-putin spin of the story in the western news is hardly justified by what was mined from the leaks .
when i had smoked weed i had felt the effects almost instantly and expected the same with ecstasy .
emma turned around and led me back to where we had left terri but she was no where to be seen .
jane was now dancing with another guy a tracy still had n't returned .
i was still mentally checking myself for any sign that the drug was taking effect .
is it supposed to be drastic like it was weed ?
i looked at emma she appeared to be enjoying herself as she danced and swayed to the music .
let 's just have fun for the rest of the night and at least we do n't have to pretend to drink anymore !
i threw my beer bottle into the trash can nearby and continued to dance with emma .
maybe it 's for the better that it did n't work .
i 'm not sure i want to get into this kind of drug culture .
emma obviously noticed that i was n't all there are you feeling it already ?
usually it takes about half an hour to kick in.
i thought it might be like weed and that i would feel it by now .
i was worried that i got a dud or some pill laced with something bad.
trust me you 'll know it when you start feeling it.
i danced with her and thoroughly enjoyed her company as we wiled away the time until the drug kicked in .
the whole time i was doing mental checks to see if any subtle signs of the drug was working .
it 's been about 40 minutes now ... whatever .
emma turned towards me and i could see her eyes rolled to the back of her head .
in the span of 10 seconds i went from questioning the efficacy of the drug to being addicted to the feeling .
all the lights seemed so bright the sensation of my hands on emma 's hips felt electric .
there was no way something this intense could n't be felt through the connection in our bodies .
all the annoying sensations that usually bothered me on a late night out like the tightness of my jeans or the way the my shirt caught in weird folds and lines evaporated in a heartbeat .
terrified of feeling like an idiot i kept my feelings towards emma to myself .
i still had a modicum of control over my actions and i would not make a fool of myself around this person i felt so connected to .
emma turned away from me as she danced into my body .
it felt less sexual and more like a bonding .
a deep connection was being formed between the two of us .
my attention towards anything but emma faded as quickly as it came .
songs were just background noise and the people around us just ambience .
emma turned back around to face me and sighed .
her eyes swayed from side to side unable to focus on any one thing .
i could feel my eyes wandering just as hers did .
a second and they disappeared from my sight and my thoughts .
in a moment i could see her focus her eyes on me wondering what i was looking at .
you guys are looking right into each other 's eyes .
i know you 're trying not to think about her but i just want to say one thing it 's her loss !
well ... her eyes looked down for a fraction of a second .
i could n't hear what she said but her lips had made the unmistakable shape of yeah.
i know you just got out of a relationship she continued to yell into my ears but i ca n't help it .
you know since you took me out tonight i have n't even thought of jenny .
you really made tonight a good night for me .
and i want you to know that even though we just met i really like you too ... and not in a strictly platonic sense either .
i hope you do n't think less of me that i 'm already looking at you so soon after i got out of a relationship .
i 'm not looking for a rebound either but i 'm not going to avoid a good thing that comes right into my path.
these deep feeling spilled out of me in a torrent .
i could n't stop myself from speaking these thoughts the moment they entered my head .
it was like the filter that stopped me from saying all the stupid and corny things has broken when the drug kicked in .
after an eternal moment while i cursed myself for saying such stupid things emma made the move and leaned in .
i closed my eyes and let the euphoric sensation of kissing under the effects of a drug that heightened all my physical sensations to the breaking point take over me .
it was the most intense feeling i had ever experienced .
i quietly thanked whichever diety had looked down at me in pity last night for sending me the offer to change my difficulty .
and thanked myself for throwing away my pride and choosing easy mode .
one more chapter after this to wrap everything up ! !
please refer all requests to the sticky on top of the subreddit .
i still think that 's some kind of bad joke .
the concept of money is just that enough people believe it has value to exchange for material or virtual goods .
that is definitely a lucky find though i got my copies of fallout 1 2 and tactics for free when the license was changing hands and gog was n't sure if they were going to still have the rights to sell the game and decided to give copies away .
the location i go to most does n't seem to even have games anymore at all the last time i went a few days ago .
edit and that last part that dollarama here dartmouth nova scotia does n't seem to carry games anymore kind of pisses me off because i bought a two-pack with i know it gets hate but i wanted to try it alpha protocol in it and now i can find the other game it came with john woo 's stranglehold iirc but not alpha protocol so i was hoping to snag a new copy .
no i do n't think hope counts as an unsired vampire until she dies and is reborn .
i could be wrong it 's all pretty wonky but right now i 'm relatively sure that while hope 's blood does still turn werewolves into hybrids she 's not dead yet and thus not a full hybrid herself .
though i imagine if she did die her own blood would probably bring her back as a hybrid .
the article is very reminiscent of miri 's research on logical probability .
that is how to assign reasonable probability to mathematical propositions with bounded computation .
err or you can kill him first instead of sitting there doing nothing and heal like a bitch .
she does n't seem like the type of person to simplify her crazy creative look just to win a lip sync .
she would n't sacrifice ver outfit 's vision for that i think .
i turn 20 this year and even i was surprised .
ooc i 'll either post mine soon or tomorrow it 's early evening here .
sure walt becoming heisenberg was out of his original character too but that was the whole point of bb .
but the difference is that walt was insecure and felt inferior .
kim is way too driven to achieve her own potential as a lawyer .
its interesting to see what happens when you give money to a bunch of people and say 'do what a tv station ought to do ' and they do n't have to pester for views with flashy news segments and bullshit scripted reality tv .
i find it disgusting a lot of abilities and auto attacks work like that xd
not sure what size you are but i found a similar shirt on poshmark .
leave it up to donald strumpf to get rid of this fine mexican .
i figured it was legit just by cross checking it with many different postings and from the actual ferragamo website just wanted to make sure .
dad do you really think i 'd leave it in the browser history ?
this will be a game you remember for life .
make sure to add noodles or a picture of a ramen box to it so they do n't think you 're a roman fan who ca n't spell .
first attempt at a mobile upload not impressed with the quality ...
the whole not supporting older ap 's on the newer controller firmwares is really frustrating .
we 're locked into an old version of the zone director because we have over 100 7962 's in our environment and it 's actually limiting which newer aps we can buy .
there 's a little remember me '' button so that you do n't have to log out every time you close the browser
110th meb most recently deployed for sed floods and gwot ferganistan .
ammo is a weight size of rounds amount of carry-able rounds .
therefore one can carry alot more 7.62 than .50 .
lastly a miniguns rpm is variable as is the rpm of many machine guns .
an m134 can fire at between 2000 and 6000 rpm .
a quad .50 would be anywhere from 2600 to 4800 rpm
being in the bottom 3 only gives you a 50/50 shot at actually drafting in the bottom three .
you should stop worrying about it and accept the possibility of drafting mid-late top ten you 'll feel a lot better .
so could clinton 's approach to the minimum wage actually worsen income inequality as rural areas that refuse to raise their wages past minimum lose even more capital to richer states that pay more ?
your post was removed because it uses the text box .
per rule 1 r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_1 use of the text box is prohibited .
you can resubmit your post here r/askreddit/submit ? selftext=true title=does anyone know if bernie 's 6.2 employer tax '' will also penalize me as a freelancer ?
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
as someone whose recently been going through this what you have to understand is that it has everything to do with gpa .
that 's all college is your grade point average .
sure you can take your freshman ge courses at a community college maybe even some of your sophomore major and minor courses and transfer with those credits .
but none of those grades will be factored into your gpa .
so when you start taking your really hard courses in your junior and senior year at a 4-year university and are struggling to make b 's and c 's you do n't have any of the wiggle room that those easy freshman and sophomore classes would have provided for you .
i mean if you 're only going for a bachelor 's then sure c 's get degrees right ?
but if you even want to have a hope of getting into a proffesional school like law or med then it is most certainly in your best interest to take all your classes at the same university .
at ti5 qualifiers when he said something so wrong it made cap his co-caster speechless for 10 seconds before changing the topic .
but as long as he doesnt do that ill be happy
if you 're rooted get adaway free open source .
if you 're not download netguard free open source from fdroid or xda play store version does n't have ad blocking capabilities
and enable 'filter traffic ' and download the hosts file and it will block ads .
i 've been through this check my post above .
the bank will tell him that they are able to see a series of 0 transactions go through .
this can be easily tested by buying something online from any other store which i 'm sure he 's done and i have .
it 's funny i suppose the grass is always greener on the other side or other season in this case .
if the forest gump sequel novel is anything to go by forest gump .
none of the actions of the novel seem to carry any weight .
it just moves from scene to scene with no real consequence drama or tension .
or only until the pastor is caught cruising a sleazy bathroom for crackwhores ?
i 'm not entirely sure i have a sense of the scale we 're working with here .
i ca n't wait til my face is bump free
your submission has been automatically removed because the title does not include one of the required tags .
please check the sidebar https www.reddit.com/r/asmr/wiki/config/sidebar or the wiki page https www.reddit.com/r/asmr/wiki/index wiki_tagging_system for information about tagging your submission properly .
your post must be tagged with one of the following tags
remember that automoderator will only detect tags in square brackets not curly braces pointy brackets or round brackets .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/asmr if you have any questions or concerns .
i find it stupid as hell when people complain about it .
considering he 's only been slower than a much more experienced rf and a v6 enhanced zoom and v9 for trajectory .
he was way faster than young rf and much faster than jay .
always get any promotion in writing or record the conversations ...
call center agents in most cases do not actually work for the company you are doing business with they are hired contractors that have certain authorization to do stuff they will lie mislead and do whatever they can to get the sale .
it is best practice to find a local company owned store not dealer and do business with them .
ensure it is a company owned store because they have to work within the policy and their ass is on the line if they lie or mislead you ...
source i work have worked in security and compliance for so called large companies .
we felt bad that bernie was suffering from a media blackout so we did our part to help .
the princess di one is fucking hilarious i would love to see this implemented in the game .
bug on a windshield get killed while trying to highjack an enemy .
you 're right fighting being in the league certainly stopped him .
god can you imagine if he was still pulling shit like that in 2016 ?
my dad was raised in alabama in the early 40s .
he wanted to drink out of the colored '' water fountains because he thought colored water came out .
those victoria ii maps are just the worst on these megacampaigns .
this is the best tl dr i could make original http newobserveronline.com/10000-african-invaders-per-week reduced by 77 .
according to a report in austria 039 s kronen zeitung newspaper the threat of over 10,000 africans invading italy per week-and then moving up into austria and germany-has triggered an quot alarm quot amongst austrian authorities .
quot the weather in the mediterranean is now good and a very large number of boats have been spotted leaving the north african coast for italy quot the kronen zeitung quoted a military intelligence source as saying .
the kronen zeitung pointed out that none of these invaders could in any sense be classed as quot war refugees quot and that morocco was in fact a holiday destination every year for quot thousands of austrians . ''
extended summary http np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/4df1h8/italy_braces_for_10000_illegal_migrants_per_week faq http np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot version 1.6 49829 tl drs so far . ''
theory http np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31bfht/theory_autotldr_concept feedback http np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 23autotldr pms and comment replies are read by the bot admin constructive feedback is welcome . ''
top keywords invading 1 italy 2 kronen 3 austrian 4 zeitung 5
that was undoubtedly the most important 3 thrown up on a scoreboard by a villanova guy tonight .
i could be wrong but does n't he trade some of the blue for a gun ?
almost looks like this slide is made for climbing instead of sliding down .
still leaves a funny picture in my head of some kid barreling down it.. thwomp thwomp thwomp
the most basic argument is that they are supposed to be amateurs and if they are paid then that makes them professional .
the ncaa considers amateur competition to be the foundation of the association .
ahhh i have similar wheels on my 5th gen and love em .
glad they work on the 3rd gen so well too
well sometimes it 's the greens because they block everything ! ''
tony 's last words on his death bed will be it 's labor 's fault ! ''
pour your heart out to her in a love letter if that does n't work she 's not the one
i just preordered the 1/100 6th form and i know how i am going to do it now .
that chest piece has always bothered me but damn look what some blue and yellow can do .
because the hiring process is necessarily more rigorus in a taxi/car service .
how many women have stories about being sexually harassed by a cab driver versus by an uber driver ?
i am actually glad to learn that this is a known issue .
springsteen would not be listed second under any other circumstance than perhaps co-headlining with either elton john or the beatles .
i 've heard other bands make songs about different book series but these guys were really on the nose with the lyrics referencing the story .
the music was fun and the vocals were n't that bad for a making assumptions here newer metal band .
i especially love the chorus and feel like it fits the bridge four chapters very well .
i do n't think i have witnessed a human where people have tried to figure out his personality more then jon jones .
mma fans have tried to figure jones out for so many years .
i 'm fully aware of the idiom but when you speak of the canary in the coal mine '' you generally do intend the connotation that whatever you 're being warned of is pretty bad .
when you donate you have to indicate your employer .
only when it is in excess of a certain dollar amount i believe it is 200 .
why was trump not one of the first people announced who have ties to the papers then ?
build up links to non-western counties then pull the cord .
i roll once in every collab but have n't gotten anything of value .
do n't you remember when jesus said go forth and fleece your flock '' ?
it 's blood on the window from her banging her head on it .
it 's riding high on amazon.com at 279 right now but it does dip down to 250 every once in a while .
if you ca n't wait you can get it for 247 including shipping to the usa from amazon germany
price may vary a bit depending non where you are in the usa
if it was a 1000 piece of l glass i 'd be stressed about that but for 250 ?
photozone is really hardass on lenses but they talk favorbably about it .
1.97 barrel distortion at 10mm is fantastic considering my sony kit lens has like 6 or 7 at 16mm .
before you get worried about the lowish resolution numbers be aware for some reasons he 's testing it on a 15mp camera
the mirrorless gang may have all the attention at the moment .
however canon showed once more that the quality crown still belongs to dslr systems even and especially regarding low cost lenses .
the canon ef-s 10-18mm f/4.5-5.6 is stm may be very slow but it is darn sharp in the relevant aperture range .
in fact it is every bit as good as the canon ef-s 10-22mm f/3.5-4.5 usm here ... at half the price !
architecture you will be able to spot some barrel distortions at 10mm but we 've seen a lot worse here .
the only significant weakness is vignetting especially at 10mm .
it 's a good idea to work with vignetting auto-correction to compensate this .
full-metal lovers will not be impressed by the lens but truth is that the build quality is actually very decent despite the heavy use of plastics .
objectively we do n't see any reason to complain here really .
the new stm af is essentially silent and very fast .
canon 's is image stabilizer is a proven technology by now and it 's a welcome feature to help out in low light situations .
and it is also a differentiator towards the much more expensive canon ef-s 10-22mm f/3.5-4.5 usm .
the canon ef-s 10-18mm f/4.5-5.6 is stm may have a weak spot but when taking the generally high quality as well as the extraordinary low price point into account we can only conclude ... highly recommended ''
ken rockwell is not very popular here but i found it entertaining to have a nikon guy gush over a cheap canon lens plus he compares it the the alternatives mentioned here
every other ultrawide lens for canon 's aps-c cameras is optically inferior ca n't focus as close has no is and costs at least twice as much .
the only advantages to the bigger and optically inferior 10-22mm are that it has a direct mechanical manual focus override the 10-18mm has instant manual override but it 's focus-by-wire the 10-22mm has slightly less distortion the 10-22mm has a metal lens mount and is 2/3 of a stop faster .
let 's be honest 4 stops of image stabilzation beats 2/3 of a stop of optical speed 2/3 of a stop wo n't save you even if you 're shooting action where is ca n't help and even if i broke one of these 10-18mm lenses and had to buy a second i 've still spent less than i would have on just one 10-22mm .
there is no significant advantage to 22mm versus 18mm on the long end and the 10-18mm is sharper so i suspect you could crop-in from the 18mm end of the 10-18mm and get results at least as good as from the old 10-22mm at 22mm .
tokina 's ultrawide lenses are ok and bigger heavier and tougher but they have poorer ergonomics wo n't be sharper and cost much more .
your pictures make it seem like you 've been perpetually friend zoned all your life
they inevitably ca n't ... it 's like this classic video where the woman who calls obama one ca n't explain what it means https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=2e87gciwebw .
interesting they did n't mention anything about the one time team name resets https treeofsavior.com/news ? n=308 that was meant to be scheduled for this maintaince .
if you have n't applied yet you got 47 mins left before the deadline at the time of my post .
i used to work at gas station on a night shift .
i had to resolve customer issues and be nice and courteous .
i had to clean receive and check deliveries order products stock shelves and upsell .
i had to deal with plenty of drunk and weird people too .
i was making a little bit above minimum wage and no tips .
waiters and waitress on this thread do not have half of the responsibilities i had and boast making 20-30 in hour .
the skills you claim to master are required for all customer facing minimum wage jobs and plus some .
and also not adding books to the bible since revelations is kinda against that .
it 's native to the os free and if you copy the dmg works on every mac .
so last night was n't a title match but the raw straight after is .
of course that 's only if both cameras are identical .
i 've not modded anything ... god damn it this is lame .
i was so ready to be done with this game .
is there any way to force the game to refresh itself and look at the completions i 've made ?
it 's funny how on this sub when people pirate movies because they think the going rate to pay is too high they 're morally right but when companies minimize tax because they think the going rate to pay is too high they 're morally reprehensible .
does n't matter is it 's natural or not .
i do n't know about the first part but 3 that i would avoid would be
for players that are very new to the game they ca n't play competitive until they get 10k xp .
xp is tied to ingame performance so many of them just get blasted in casual over and over .
yeah it takes them a ton of time to rank up because they score 0-20 points a match and the multipliers are super low .
they also do n't play the game actively because it 's demoralizing and many of them simply quit .
a few people from my office have picked up the game and quit because of it .
i 've gone into casuals or dms and let them knife/frag me for xp .
a common issue i found on the mac version of pokemmo is people had a java version that was either too high or too low .
i think the latest mac pokemmo version uses java 7 make sure you install that and uninstall any other version .
unfortunately that did n't seem to work gahhh i made a quick webm http gfycat.com/unfinishednastyfruitbat of what 's happening .
it 's exactly what was happening in full screen mode hurgh i do n't even know .
it tells exactly where is coming from if in close range .
that 's how he dodges bullets fired from behind http static.comicvine.com/uploads/original/12/125392/3030026-tasm+637017.jpg and fights in the dark http static.comicvine.com/uploads/original/0/3853/1265341-scannedimage_2.jpg
if the terrorists are going to attack europe again which do you think they pick a city of millions or city of 100000 .
iceland is the safest country in the world our annual murder rate is about 5 people in total þ
there 's published papers that the admin committee use i 'm on my phone right now you can look it up on google
i just got a quote for a 2015 bolt c-spec for 7400 out the door .
maybe because limiting the rights of assholes like the klan could create the legal precedent to limit your rights too .
i imagine p much everyone in nyc is a 6'3 '' fratty rower investment banker named chad winklevoss .
until they find some imaginary feature or cosmetic detail that can be bludgeoned into similarity with a current firearm so that the current firearm can be banned because it 's similar to an already prohibited weapon '' .
might i remind everyone of the california approved pistol list '' ?
when was the last time more pistols were added to that list ?
number 2 is a big factor as well as few people would be writing articles and putting pics up if this were sone old guy from planning babbling away .
i mean i know the advanced parts of the game and i 'm a pretty good player so i guess credit is due there but i 'm not in a platinum league or anything
good grief and vol 2 pushed to end of january 2017 .
university of maryland 's brand new colony is here !
if you play the same pattern of notes just shifted up a few steps you 're just transposing into a new key .
if you want more freshness you should vary up rhythm and chord shapes not just transpose it .
oh man u inspired me to try hard this zone and i could technically be a whole 4 seconds faster than you but i didnt manage to do it in 1 try yet i had 2 tries and cut them together without skipping a second of course !
but beware that my 2:39 run will be there soon haha p
you could do alliances but even that would be a decent sized list there are probably at least two dozen alliances involved with the war in some way probably more .
she could have gotten in on her actual merits .
look at her last name she is probably a daughter of high-iq immigrants from africa .
i had a friend in grad school she was from i think igbo ethnic group in benin .
super-smart lady and her entire family was very vey high achieving and well-educated .
one of my best students was from nigeria a yoruban iirc same thing .
really good brains come from that part of the world too .
and lastly do n't hate yourself for thinking what you did affirmative action is a travesty .
it is quite clearly casting a shade on this stellar young lady 's achievements because i guarantee lots of folks think this way .
there are plenty of high-achieving africans and african americans who are capable of great things without help from quotas and such .
i went to a walk-in clinic to get the form filled out was referred to a radiologist to get the x-ray done then had to go to the walk-in clinic doctor 's regular practice to get the x-ray section filled in .
then i found out the doctor was actually on vacation for two weeks cried a bit from stress then got another doctor at his practice to redo the form for me .
not sure if he could have just signed off on the x-ray part without redoing the rest but i did n't have time to ask the consulate about it .
oh and because it was an exam for work i had to pay 200 for it .
not sure if i would have had to pay if i went to a gp or if i 'd actually checked my extended medical benefits p
and for the eyesight thing the nurse at the walk-in just had me read an eye chart which is the same thing they do here in japan for annual exams basically .
i do n't have eye problems though so i do n't know if you need to get further documentation if you have bad eyesight .
kellogg 's pistol which i 've renamed the devil 's right hand has become my nora 's primary weapon through the game .
while she was a little ambivalent at first about using the weapon that took nate away from her knowing what it was originally meant for from kellogg 's memories has made an impression on her and has convinced her to use the weapon for a more noble purpose than the one that kellogg ultimately put it to .
the fact that it 's an absolute beast in the hands of a gunslinger build especially when fully upgraded is just the icing on the cake .
hell the only thing in her working arsenal that hits harder other than the deliverer in sneak mode and the fat man is the gauss rifle that she grabbed from that one fridge which she primarily pulls out against raiders she wants to make an impression on from medium range .
i was going to say the name 's al '' chick chick parodies ''
i do n't find them more or less sexy than shorter girls .
my only experience dating a tall girl 5'10 volleyball player was that i did n't have to stoop over to kiss her which was kind of refreshing .
i advice gaining as much work experience as possible while still in school .
i have n't had time for personal projects and my gpa is n't special but by the time i graduate i 'll have 2.5 years of experience in industry .
i already have an incredible job and have received interview requests from some pretty big names in the industry google microsoft etc.. .
job description are wishful i woulnt anything apply to something far larger than what i have but other time i do and i get call back more often than not.i applied to a 3-5 years job at a large bank and got call back with only 6 months of experience same sector and most other time ignored for job at my level 2years experience .
as someone who wants to make movies it really pisses me off that i will never come up with an ending as good as the one in robocop .
he can choose to have some awareness and see how the commercial comes across and not do it .
nz too i saw them 10 years ago this month fuuck..
i was 20 it was the best show i 've ever seen
if she 's interested she will text back just leave it alone bro .
they contain personal financial info of people who may have committed no crime .
pre-release reviews are always very positive ... they 're there to drive up sales as much as possible .
hat one dude back in high school days who had a rat in his bag when he opened it up in the locker room .
which i do n't get at all because we had only played a few days before so they moved in fast .
tortoises unlike humans and almost all other mammals have no maternal instincts whatsoever .
their babies are lain in clutches and then promptly forgotten though even to say that they are forgotten is incorrect since forgetting requires some initial presence of mind in truth this tortoise has perhaps never been truly aware in the human sense of what exactly its instincts force it to do .
there is no plausible scenario in which those little tortoises would possibly find themselves on top of their mother first because they are tiny and second because their mother is no more significant to them than a pile of dirt or a largish chunk of granite .
in fact it is in the baby tortoises ' best interest to stay away from their mother since as i said before the mother has no maternal instinct whatsoever and could easily and inadvertently crush them underfoot or knock them on their backs or harm them in some other way the chance of this happening is admittedly pretty slim but there is certainly a greater chance that the mother will hurt them rather then help them which i pray i have made abundantly clear is exactly zero since tortoises have no maternal instincts whatsoever .
this is anthropomorphising at its worst and images like this that actively misinform people through implication are no different than any other kind of clickbait in that they convolute a genuinely interesting subject by rather than putting forth the effort required to present something both interesting and informative simply slapping an eye-catching title on a misleading image .
can we not simply accept that certain animals behave differently than us ?
this is a successful reproductive strategy the product of millions upon millions of years of evolution or perhaps not i ca n't imagine ignoring your children requires a lot of evolutionary finesse but still the fact that it has not changed into something else speaks to how effective it is .
looked at from that perspective there is beauty here that needs not be enhanced '' with anthropomorphic implications .
and no i do n't have any gastrointestinal issues from eating spicy foods
and it is quite different from was he said even if it sounds similar .
your posts would probably make a good submission to this sub lol .
stop thinking in terms of facts and start with emotions and opinions .
then get good and canadian drunk like enough to kill an american college student .
hen maybe you 'd understand not like it but understand
my understanding is you create fake players named rookie pick 1.01
this is all r/asianmasculinity tier shit very interesting sub btw and i think it 's great that guys are talking about it .
i taught some alpha asians in my sat class .
they 're generally the ones who do n't academically achieve .
ironically enough the real winners in the asian parental pressure system are the kids who just say fuck med school '' get high lift and fuck bitches .
edit lel the upvote/downvote total on this comment over the past hour has been crazy .
my friend 's friend has 4 cloaks 29 elys and and a 800b bank currently .
i still shower but it just bugs me until i actually finish up the shower .
basically for a regional militia i would n't be surprised if they had ww2 surplus so basically the standard m1911 gi edition http www.evike.com/products/28054 plain slab grey wood grips a browning hi powered http www.evike.com/products/33880 we makes the only fieldable one i think nagant 1895 revolver http www.evike.com/products/56374 wingun tt-33 we http www.evike.com/products/44404 maybe a kjw cz 75 but i 'm not sure if a regional milita could get some of those .
links to evike because i 'm too lazy to go find proper ones .
should i bring a condom or a dental dam for this ?
i go through books so quickly that like lugging around multiples when i 'm working with super limited space when traveling is no longer worth it for me .
i love the smell of books but in the end content matters the most and my goal is to always never bring more than a backpack and a carry on sized luggage with me anywhere i go ... even if it 's like 2 weeks in another country .
scalpers are going to use the promo code to fuck over fans .
do n't worry no one knows how it works so i guess everyone will lesrn
people have made stone arches with wooden frames for a pretty long time if you 're really interested in how to do it .
i 'm not sure if cruz is a reptile or not
no mention of why htc has targeted the uk as ripe for vr invasion so much .
obviously they see this countries reality as needing immediate attention .
if you 'd like to resubmit something along the lines of congratulations to the ugc gold winners '' or something like that that 'd be fine .
if you ca n't survive on it it 's less than minimum .
batman i should have known you 'd be here .
walks out of shadows the instruments in the watchtower picked up this anomaly a few hours ago .
talent has not been wwe 's problem for a long time that lies elsewhere .
how long have i been in my forge ? ''
id prefer if your robots can die that way they cant actually tank it gives purpose to making more robots .
my favorite scene is where anakin just gets done slaughtering the cis leaders and we see his sith eyes and tears running down his face .
it 's possible that it 's a stress/pressure crack .
it would n't solve the op 's bf is a giant baby issue .
wonder if sunlight coming through the gaps could mess with tracking .
i 'd guess it should be no issue but something to keep in mind if you have tracking issues .
girls wont just randomly show up and love me at least not yet ...
i typically keep it 3.8-4.0 do you think that this strategy works for you it was just an idea that i had
in other news the existence of mount olympus provides evidence for the entire greek pantheon .
or you know a 970 which is the most popular gpu according to steam
that 's what jon jay brought to the dance goat ''
it stands out and looks good when we post in other subs but i 'm an old mutha fucker set in mah ways .
yeah i feel like some people dislike these marvel movies because they have a production style that is atypical for hollywood because its like a comic arc instead of a movie franchise .
i mean here https graphicpolicy.files.wordpress.com/2015/12/avengers_standoff_checklist.jpg ? w=860 h=1113 is the reading order for the new standoff event .
the movies could read the same way for an infinity war '' event that has been playing out like it 's own three-act plot since iron man .
where some people see cookie cutter movie that feels like it spends more time setting up the next two than telling it 's own story '' i see one more amazing movie-issue of the infinity war arc .
not always successful is probably correct but with the proper pct including hcg and clomid maybe even adding nolva and an fsh agent like hmg or urofollotropin many people can recover sperm between 4-12 months coming off .
i 'm not sure i was under the impression that the gma debate was off .
i mean i 'm not a rogue type player but if guys want to go rogue that 's fine but at least stick around to face the music afterwards !
if what you say is true that really needs attending to before it 's exploited by a wider audience .
my diet is not tracked or analysed as much as it should be .
i try limit myself to one sugary/fatty treat per day but other than that just a regular diet mother 's dinner every night .
i took a break from cardio 6 weeks but it 's time to pick it back up .
i like to spend time on the cross trainer try and burn 200kcal every time i work out .
i 'm fairly active too i play basketball and cycle most places .
in the future do n't cull direct from the card maybe import to something like lightroom first ?
while i appreciate the concern i did n't ask for nor require a critique of my cut .
there are people all over twitter mostly labour supporters advocating a situation similar to this .
it 's absolutely disgusting and shows that they have no understanding of history or constitutional law .
fortunately nothing of the sort will happen because it 's completely overblown but if anyone ever tried to annex guernsey as part of england we 've got a large number of farmers with guns who would like to see them try .
i 'll be available later tonight at around 9pm check my previous comment .
it 's auto-promo but i run the toornament.com twitter account and we focus on esports business trends and marketing .
stories in r/nosleep must have a minimum of 500 words .
this submission is too short and must be edited to meet the minimum requirements .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nosleep if you have any questions or concerns .
nei men det går an å ha flere miljøtiltak på gang samtidig .
why does golden freddy attack when he was n't killed by purple guy ?
why is the 5th body in give gifts give life golden freddy when he 's likely not the bite victim ?
good point i can definitely find joy in that .
i did expect aj to be treated the way kurt angle was treated in tna but aj 's personality is n't good at achieving that i suppose .
one of my tarmogoyf foil from mm2 got this on the back of the card ...
strictly speaking macro evolution is just a lot of micro evolution
well if you 're that young i 'd probably not settle with a house right away but try to spread my wings a little and try out stuff live somewhere else perhaps muricah ! ! !
i 'm thinking you have n't completed the first playthrough yet .
much of the love for undertale comes from the way the game and characters react to using player bullshit time travel powers load save new game to mess with their world .
if you live with other people and share the tv the ps4 's television it is convenient when you want to play ps4 but ca n't get the tv
also remote play works when you are n't at home
sounds like someone from the 8th grade just read about vietnam
i would n't pick a fight with a jacked 220 tyson coming off a streak of vicious ko 's .
my uncle who has type one just told me your blood sugar can vary by up to 20 points from one side of the body to the other !
he 's got 50 years experience under his belt .
this post is with the lord now for the following reason s
the submission does n't fit the spirit of the sub .
please message the moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2foldpeoplefacebook if you have any questions or concerns about this action .
you have to vapidly editorialize like a second-year english major that 's how one gets four-figure upvotes here nowadays .
so what is your answer to rising costs like rent and food ?
rising wages allow workers to keep up with prices .
it 's not like businesses were n't already moving to automation and relocation anyway .
the difference is pretty minor though the word still means change code make it better improve it generally '' but the nitpick is that the code you change does n't change in its output .
most people probably do n't correct its usage because it still means what i want it to mean but in some contexts it 's slightly wrong if grammar nazis are in the room .
some local residents and business owners are attempting to fight it but as of now it is still on schedule
ca n't stand being touched or anywhere near people ... .gets ridden .
sounds like you 're on the right track with her with the baby steps .
one person has said that they used a credit card and it has shipped ?
was that credit card through paypal or credit card via htc store ?
a little bit of mineral oil along the track of the handle helps quite a bit .
i use wb for the first layer of walls then jump if i need to get to the core
it 's a surprisingly good unbiased synopsis of the current political mess .
weirdly enough headshot rate is n't the best indicator of a sniper 's strength .
it 's how quickly you can snipe and hit the headshot especially while on the move .
so if you 're the type that camps and puts your reticle against a door waiting for someone to come through ... hitting the headshot is nothing special .
what if she ends up coming after ops friend ?
we dont know if that woman is crazy or not .
i know it 's easier said than done but ops friend has got to stop talking to that person asap .
things could definitely get much worse especially seeing as this guy made a fake facebook id be willing to bet that he 's crazy as well .
edit wow thanks for the downvotes guys the only reason i say this is because this happened to someone i know and i 've seen stories like it posted online on more than one occasion .
if you 're gon na downvote me at least tell me where i 'm wrong because women get followed and sometimes assaulted/killed all the time for trying to do the right thing and it ends up turning around and puts their life in danger .
rightly or wrongly i would avoid a gender neutral bathroom in a quiet or remote location and especially at night or in a bad area .
it 's not necessarily right to feel safer in nice '' places or areas but i do .
just my 0.02 about how i feel about gender neutral bathrooms .
i think bloodman 's magic is poison gas so cobra would probably be a better fit but both of them could be useful too considering the one to take him down will be a major character anyway .
it is all just waves and energy contained in a small area so it looks a bit like a particle anyway .
i smile a bit yeah ... speaking of which i get to see luna soon ... hopefully she 'll be able to help me . ''
there are guys who wanted to get laid and conquered the world and then there were guys like newton .
there are believed to be no surviving recordings of the event https m.youtube.com/watch ? v=afxkot3a0xc
no video recordings but we do have the audio right ?
they probably already did this back when they said they improved wait times at the top of the elo ladder last update .
fact of this is is that diamond 's are also searching for other diamonds .
even though master/challenger are going to search for diamonds quicker diamonds are simply going to find other diamonds much quicker and the system will always prioritize closer mmrs .
you do n't let schizophrenics sacrifice their children because they want to express what the voices tell them ''
they seem more like newbies who have n't put together 3 years of the shit yolo said at the same time to realise what 's really going on .
the overload of info and yolo 's own words are what did it for me
he 'd be my mi with semien backing up tulo and franco if kang ... .
honeymoon is something we have n't talked about yet but it is n't a necessity for me and he 's fairly frugal so i 'm sure we could get away with an extended weekend at home .
we 'd probably only need to budget for the reception venue expenses food and music and such .
we also do n't have that many people we 'd want to invite.. p
but it sounds like a good goal and we can always take the money we do n't use and put it towards that house savings or something .
basically go online to bus train and air travel websites and find out .
southwest airlines from pittsburgh to phoenix is as low as 220 or even 211 each way if you fly on weekdays .
plus you 'd have to rent a car to get to the grand canyon .
i understand that but i would n't see huniepop as a pornographic game or something you could masturbate to i mean the sexual aspect of the game is a big selling-point but i would n't call it straight up porn whoever masturbates to the topless character sprites is imo either new to the internet to not know of hentai or very young that something like that is enough to get them off
every semester one of our professors would always start off with the question you all workout .
i can see you 're all in good shape .
we all do it because we want to look good naked . ''
if you like gambling on sports you 'll love gambling on volatile cryptocurrencies '' ?
i 'm a degenerate so gambling on when to buy/sell my btc is a significant value add for me .
that does n't change the fact that the book 's original text implying the abrahamic god 's law is literally unchanging .
no the believers have made that claim and you are buying into it .
i reject the flawed premise that anything created by man is unchangeable or unchanging .
that is all you are saying and i agree .
it is the believers ' contention that their god 's laws '' do not change and history does not support their position either .
that does n't change the fact that the book 's original text implying the abrahamic god 's law is literally unchanging .
let 's have the believers bring out the original text for us to check .
your continued adherence to the claims of the believers despite evidence to the contrary is what makes you sound like a godbot '' my term for believers who have handed their internal programing and free will over to whatever religion/belief du jour they belong to .
to continue to claim that their god 's laws do n't change '' which only a cursory examination of history would dispel is denying the reality of their current situation .
for instance in the middle ages the christian church was very hostile towards what they termed envy '' which was rebelling against one 's station in life .
people were born into a social class and they were expected to stay in that social class ... dressing as a different social class especially a higher class was considered both against the laws of the land and god 's laws which do n't change remember ? .
when 's the last time any christian church spoke out against the evils of social mobility ?
and yet they did just that less than 600 years ago .
do you honestly believe that a god handed down his laws to humans or are humans making it up ?
if you believe that god 's laws '' were created by humans then why do you think they have n't changed over time ?
i am not trying to raise your ire or piss you off .
also i wo n't be responding further ... i can agree to disagree with you regarding this subject .
further discussion seems pointless so i look forward to our next topic of discussion .
at my store it 's to apply for the credit card .
we got new little slips of paper at each register that explain how to save 10 on their purchase when they apply .
much easier and fasted than lifting my pen up after every letter .
however less people are able to read cursive and i have had to go to my professors or ta 's office hours to read them my short answer on an exam because they had trouble reading it .
i had one ta ask me if i could write in print on my quizzes then he embarassingly admitted it was because he could not read cursive and was having a really hard time reading my short answer questions .
during quiz time he would extend the time for us to do the quiz if there was alot of short answer writing involved since i struggle writting in print .
while i do n't agree with your opinions i can definitaly see where your opinions come from .
oh no i could n't do it with vengarl .
only when i eventually went in alone did i manage to defeat them .
with the help of the magic magic shield and a brightbug
has anyone been able to find the unmasked kylo nien nunb or stormtrooper squad leader 3.75 ?
the choice of background music is bothering me a lot more than it probably should .
thing is it is a budget brand pretty cheap so the neckbeards can afford more tendies and waifus
this is the proper way to have it denoted .
i know it sucks when pretty much everyone is a helmetless grandma shadow trooper .
you can use the memory boost and other benefits from enb but disable the enhanced graphics processing .
there is no way you can convince me that was planned out ahead of time .
i do n't think they thought about the implications of that fight at all until people on the internet made a big deal about it .
there is no hint at the end of mos that superman has been reckless and gone too far .
i mean superman makes out with lois in the rubble .
on the other hand ops opinions are n't worth more than the opinions of thousands of people who either love or at least tolerate the collaborations and he should n't expect ah to change their content to cater to his specific tastes .
you also may want to consider that entirely standalone hardware may help your concept .
i can see people wanting to buy a set and play with friends as i personally do n't want to play this sort of thing by myself with strangers but if someone handed me a cheap ipad thing with a grip and a firing button at a barbeque i 'd be into it .
so are anonymous havens sort of these are essential structures to protect companies operating in sketchy countries .
did you actually make this bet or is it just an example ?
because making both of those bets they just cancel each other out and if your catching em all at 110 youre just giving 20 to the bookie with no chance of reward .
they ca n't compare to the best men ironwood and qrow
now i just need to run this past my out of state friends .
you can pay extra if they offer it to have only your personal pets ashes sent back to you but it 's much more expensive .
i 'm surprised this is n't common knowledge actually .
a natural place to go would be griffiths ' elementary particles book if you want to take the next step up . ''
the other route would be to jump into full-blown qft with something like zee or schwartz or peskin and schroeder if you feel up to it .
what i do every time someone insists i have to fax it instead of email it .
it 's perfect for you and 99 of the player base .
but here on reddit we are somehow upset about the top 1-.5 having issues ...
no markiplier is cancer not gay but that has nothing to do with his hair
i 'm still a bit confused about the discussion threads killing the hype .
she 's on parole so she 's still being punished .
a two and a half year stretch alone is n't news worthy or profitable its all to do with young pretty girl and the high profile crime she committed and you think she should get book deals '' ?
like there would n't be enough room in one book for her story !
almost everyone got way too many offbanner stuff for it the be badluck .
it 's so easy though ... get in get manager look at a whiteboard hack the computer plant c4 and drive away
no my husband works in the industry so i 've got dat uniquely private access to these things .
i 'm too much of a misanthrope to deal with things like shows and highly populated areas .
well give me a break im from chicago the cold side of my country .
we dont get the sun like miami atlanta or dallas .
though we are n't as bad as minnesota aka little canada .
i honestly think it 's a matter of chance more than anything .
13 draws is a lot and i happened to lose in the league cup and the fa cup to teams that i drew in the league .
the ability not to concede is massive on legendary but timely goalkeeping and a fortunate bounce here and there are just as important .
you can see the pixel lines the weird rainbow light thing from the tv screen being photographed in the white box lining up perfectly with the rest .
i did some googling and could n't find anything like textra .
i do n't think it 's really something apple lets you switch to .
new life goal get diabetes so i can see my optometrist for free ...
the problem is not with full wipes after one or two salvos the problem is the constant attrition you face when fighting rocket artillery especially calliopes with their unprecedented insta-wipe capability .
even if you 're not losing anything you will mostly have to retreat and give up territory .
considering that us for instance will mostly blob themselves they are very hard to fight without counter blobbing making yourself susceptible to full-retreats and wipes .
there 's just no way to reliably hunt calliopes down in team games and as soon as the second or third one hits the field it 'll be game over since by then they can be used on individual squads constantly bleeding and wiping you .
but what about the fuel advantage one might ask it 's true you 're going to have at least a panther by then .
but what 's a panther without supporting infantry going to do about calliopes with support ?
you 're not going to achieve much and they will eventually afford either at guns since they 're not bleeding nearly as much or a single td which should be enough to prevent dives .
i had this basically do it on normal and do every boss other than shannox first and do those crystals as they are easy .
once you have done them get a friend in as this is the only way to make shannox spawn a crystal trap get them to either put a dog in it or get trapped and then break them out rinse and repeat until you have got the fragments and make the empowered crystal
yes but without his ult and with only support items would get crushed every time he gets into the enemy team .
while i like watching him from time to time to he has only played online yet the arturo hype was big too and he sucks at sfv compared to tournament players so this could be the case for halibel as well
i was there last week fixing computers for some people .
it 's just a building that nixon did some dumb shit in .
also grilled chicken actually in portugal is n't generally peri peri '' and it is usually beautiful !
came here to say sanderson you can get the mistborn trilogy as an all in one set .
i also hate when they machine 's card reader is down .
i 've started hiding '' cash in my wallet for these occasions .
it started with making my neutral team then i adapted the backstories of a couple of ocs that i 'd made for my transformers fics then i started rping with my girlfriend and other friends with them which really helped develop them as characters i ca n't draw them because i have no drawing talent so i only have art for a couple of the characters but it 's getting there .
at least play mgs 3 mgs 1 2 dont have anything to do with mgs 5 so it can be skipped as far as story goes but you should still probably play them since they are good games .
something tells me the very much bad boy '' clothing of the antagonist versus the innocent man of tai chi '' style clothing of the protagonist as well as the clear camera work could well indicate that this is staged .
maybe i have a wrong imagination from this game .
37 euro to throw some stuff through the air ?
i suppose the same way inserting flowers into gun barrels and handing them to the police was a way of protesting during the 60s
i dont know if this is the right place to post this but i will be in istanbul for a day due to an extremely long layover sometime next week .
i 've already visited istanbul before and done all the touristy things i wanted to know what you all would suggest i could do all day .
have an archer 15-1279a i got from a neighbor a few years back for 5 and i ca n't find any specs on it can anyone help
i 'm spending 4 days in zagreb croatia in april .
i 'm planning to take a train to ljubljana slovenia for a day and maybe graz austria if zagreb is n't great .
are there any good/better day trips by train or bus i 'm missing out on ?
getting a steam code from a non-english website to get an english game ?
there 's a site called isthereanydeal it shows games being sold at discounts .
the site is english but it does contain a few stores in other languages showing that there are deals there .
for example rpg maker mv 's lowest deal right now is in a website that 's french .
would i be able to purchase a code from a non-english site then use it in steam to get an english version of a game or application off of steam ?
what if it was from a uk site which is in english ?
will be responsible for creating plans and market visits should be tech savvy and know the latest trends .
p.m for more info if you or anyone else you know is looking for a job i 'll forward it to my hr manager .
i have sort of a simple question but want to verify before proceeding .
if i combine the outputs of this pc psu http www.newegg.com/product/product.aspx ? item=12k-00rh-00030 nm_mc=knc-googleadwords-pc cm_mmc=knc-googleadwords-pc-_-pla-_-power+supplies-_-12k-00rh-00030 gclid=cj0keqjwxi24brdqqn3f-97n6egbeiqagv37hmnmmzw1nrbbr2it_sipnrmq6jofmj_nyoiazfwyetsaarc38p8haq gclsrc=aw.ds it should output 80 amps at 12 volts .
i take all precaution but just want to know if this is lethal or if it could cause damage if mishandled .
i have about 280 knives and i 'm looking for 20 ibp holos will over pay little
dave 's arc started with his sword being broken in half by his bro .
in the update he has broken dirk 's unbreakable katana '' .
i 've been thinking about making a character with spellfire frcs and mof perhaps even a spellfire channeler mof
an easy way to get infinite spellfire would be to take a class like warlock where the invocations count as spells .
meaning i could probably just hit myself with an eldritch blast eb over and over to slowly charge up .
it would probably be more efficient blasting to just play a warlock though i ca n't nova or heal
or after several levels of spellfire channeler i could do the same with a soulknifes mindblade .
as a psion i could spend a few points summoning a creature .
then have it hit me with sla/pla abilities that i absorb .
i get 1 sf per level '' of the ability .
so a 2nd level sla/pla/spell/power grants me 2 sf .
several psionic classes allow for a pp recharge trick .
depending on the class it has different level requirements .
there 's a list of many such tricks here http www.giantitp.com/forums/showthread.php ? 177889-brainstorm-for-psionic-tricks-tactics-and-combos-handbook but spellfire is n't too common since the method of absorbing enemy spells sucks .
is there a way to spend my spellfire to recharge pp ?
this is my first time buying a gaming pc .
i 've used laptops the majority of my life however they are simply not powerful enough to run the games i need .
i 'll be gaming in 1080p and have all necessary peripherals .
i 'll also need an os for the build preferably windows 10 .
i 'm located in sydney australia so it 'll be helpful if you could also list sites were i could find the parts for the build .
looking to get my light level up challenge mode and all .
to join add your gamertag to the game lobby here https www.the100.io/quick_join/9k5wa8xz4qw https www.the100.io/quick_join/9k5wa8xz4qw
and also pls msg me directly on xbox one crg0808
if there 's already a full team on that lobby page that means it 's filled thanks !
i am currently working on a game for the past few months now it is a hybrid arcade action 2d game with slight rpg elements to it .
i already have implemented most of the features and already have a working demo .
but there are a few bugs here and there and a couple of features need implementing .
the game is small in scale and for a developer that knows what they are doing should n't take more than a couple of month .
someone that knows c and knows how to make 2d games in unity to either assist me in making the game as i said i have a demo so most features are implemented .
if that ca n't happen i would like that said person to act as a mentor i am not a programmer and still do n't know everything .
worthy of note we have a few deadlines for submitting to events and such .
currently we are using trello for organizing the work skype for communication and google drive to share files .
i use vs2015 for development and did setup a tfs environment but i am not too well versed in that department .
the project is n't funded at the moment however i have 2 publishers interested in making a publisher 's deal once the game is ready .
i have 2 opportunities to submit to 2 other publishers for a deal but we 'd need to polish the demo a bit more before we submit .
i 'd prefer you 'd send a pm and we can discuss details further .
thank you very much for your cooperation and time !
if you had to choose one to explain the verdict ... ...
she was healthy for 13 years and something happened .
whether it was a virus or cancer eating at her whatever .
she was wobbly and drinking too much water and couldnt walk .
but i 've been trying to prepare myself for this .
been carrying her outside and putting her down so she can pee .
and today ... when i took her to the vet ... they gave me all the time i needed .
and when it was time it was over so quickly .
i do n't want another dog anytime soon but i kind of do .
i feel relief that she is not in pain i feel guilt for ending her life i feel sadness that she is not here next to me on the couch curled up as i read reddit .
my heart goes out to all of you reading this trying to cope yourselves .
we loved a being that was pure in its love .
no fights no yelling back at us no drama .
last night i published my latest montage over at my youtube channel nightriderss '' .
the name of the montage is the title of this post alive a destiny montage '' .
would love to see some valuable feedback from the community .
thanks for your time and hopefully i see you beautiful smexy guardians over at the video .
i do n't mind a commute if it helps with the price for quality .
so i 've played rock band drums for a few years now i 'm starting to get better at difficult '' songs and i 'm at stand still .
there is a drum pattern i 'm stuck on not from difficulty from confusion .
the drum pattern is in multiple songs and goes something along the lines of yyybbbgg '' and i 'm not sure how to approach it .
the simple right left '' movement wo n't work because i get caught up going from last yellow to first blue and if i start with the left hand i have trouble going from last blue to first green .
if anyone could explain this or give me a technical term for it i would greatly appreciate it .
u/geologyisgneiss for dual berettas contractor your trade offer is sent i took the liberty of sneaking thru your reddit profile and found the trade link
u/callivastor for p250 boreal forest pm me with your trade link your current one is not working maybe give it a check and edit your current giveaways with a new trade link ...
u/tottertates for p90 ash wood this is a bonus item i dropped after rank up so i added it in .
i found your trade link from your reddit profile but your profile is set to private so no one can send you trade offers .
so this is my personal rebellion against a few of those guys who just blatantly ask for skin donations on this gem of a subreddit and trust me there are lots .
just ask u/danknissan you just never see em cause we have such a dedicated mod panel .
i 'm gon na give away the following skins to 2 random suitors both in ft quality
all i ask that you are a new player who has had the game purchased and played for less than 3 months so effectively you got the game in or after january 2016 and played .
i will personally take it onto myself to check each and every profile and decide winners myself this friday you can have my word on that .
not promoting anything just a plain and simple skins giveaway .
i might add some more skins but do n't take my word for it cause i 'm looking at 0.01 in my wallet right now .
... .and i got this game 15th march and am 3 comp matches in 1 win 2 losses so pretty much a silver ii confirmed .
i mean just take a look at this http imgur.com/hhmnbti with the photogenic 33.5k shots no more no less .
thanks for reading and i hope you have a great time playing this game if you 're new to this !
ps i know a whole lotta wall of text for just some cheap ass 4 cents skins right ?
i know it would n't make a difference but if it does then i kinda have achieved something more than those 9 mvp stars right ... ?
edit 2 deciding on winners yes plural in 3 hours !
hello everyone and welcome to the four-hundred fifty-seventh edition of today on the mindcrack server !
this is a summary of the day 's videos on the mindcrack vanilla server and today is april 5th 2016 !
survivor kaoh rong season 32 recap solo episode 6 and 7 another medic https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=4tdjqcn_2vg jsano|it 's a double recap spectacular as the medical staff on survivor is called back out to the island
i had completely forgot about the anniversary until i saw the post from a year ago that was the one year anniversary and here we are .
thanks for supporting these posts i know there 's not a lot going on here recently but one day these will be relevant again .
honestly not too much for me to say this go around keep watching mindcrack in whatever way appeals to you because they 're cool people doing fun things .
that 's what happened today april 5th 2016 on the mindcrack server !
i remember reading that they automatically turn off when steamvr is off .
do they have to be unplugged everytime you want to turn them off ?
hey guys if you have 2200 trophies join our clan !
currently hanging around the top 20 clans in australia and want to push higher !
we are all very active players who discuss the game tips and donate lots of cards !
always willing to have friendly battles to gain experience and get better at the game !
the organization i 'm in needs to make 500 by the end of this month and we 're not exactly sure how .
trying to stray away from the generic bake scale but has anyone 's club/organization had good luck with something similar ?
or is there anything that you wish people sold on speedway aside from the same bubba tea baked goods fried oreos and breakfast tacos ?
pcpartpicker part list http pcpartpicker.com/p/jhgr99 price breakdown by merchant http pcpartpicker.com/p/jhgr99/by_merchant
the computer does not send a signal to the monitor and does n't seem to be posting .
i do n't have a motherboard speaker or a digital error display .
list anything you 've done in attempt to diagnose or fix the problem .
i have tried using several different cables different input sources different monitors and i have removed the gpu and attempted all of the above with the built in gpu .
i 've tried resetting the cmos by removing the battery and holding down the power button for 1 minute while the psu is unplugged .
i 've tried using one stick of ram i 've tried both sticks individually .
i 've tried reseating the processor and i 've checked for damage to the processor/socket but i do n't even see how that 's possible with an lga 1151 socket .
i 've tried using a different cable for the 8 pin connector modular psu .
my cooler is gigantic so i 've done all of my troubleshooting with the cooler removed and the fan plugged into the cpu_fan connector and sitting in the 5.25 '' racks as i 've learned some mobos wo n't post without a cpu fan connected .
from what i can tell the issue is the motherboard cpu or psu .
unfortunately i have no spare parts to swap out and test with .
so unless i get lucky i 'm going to have to take it to a shop and have them figure out which part is the issue .
does anyone know if the psu can prevent the post while still providing power to all the components ?
i wish that i had just remained friends with you .
you were right that the situation we were in would build toxins that would eventually poison us .
looking back now i realize our relationship was doomed long before the final apocalypse of our love .
when you first showed disdain for me that 's when now looking back at it i realize we were doomed .
it fills me with a sorrow of the things that should n't have been .
i have already gotten into a few top 20 programs and i visited a bunch recently .
i sat in classes at various years and no one seems to be learning what i hoped to learn .
it all seems like either basic quantitative skills or soft management skills .
i do n't really see the value in that .
i mean most of these quant classes have zero calculus or do anything more complex than a linear multivariate regression .
all those things you learn in basic undergrad statistics .
in the econ classes it 's stuff more basic than a undergrad major in econ .
who does that besides a freshman econ student ? !
supply-demand curves are just basic things to teach intuitions not analytical tools that actual policymakers would us .
actual policymakers would at the minimum do some kind of lagrangian .
and i do n't really understand the value of the soft skills .
and i do n't mean you can technically learn medicine from textbooks at home '' kind of thing .
i mean you can easily learn that at home .
everything just seems like useless soft skills by useless i mean not worth even 1/4th of the tuition .
and for me personally the tuition is not worth things like forming a professional network '' or whatever .
i want to learn actual technical skills which is what i thought an mpp would teach .
is this what our policymakers do in real life ?
just sit around debating things from intuition or soft skills rather than running complex analyses ?
i 'm thinking of maybe just not going to any public policy school .
i really just want advice and this was the more tactful way to explain my problem .
he thinks my goal in life is to destroy my mom 's efforts while my actual goal is to have stuff explained .
i do n't like my items stuffed away in bags where i ca n't see them because i believe it makes me too lazy to go sort them throw what i do n't need if it 's somewhere invisible .
if it 's in my face i 'll have to face it and deal with it..
so..i take things stuffed in bags out of bags.. for that sole reason only .
i have to open the bag.. see for myself what 's inside and close it .
thus my dad put in his mind that i am a crazy person '' because that 's his general impression .
that 's his general impression because ... they never discuss stuff with me and have to 'shock ' me into change which i am not very welcoming of i do n't like sudden change i have good reasons for that that i wo n't discuss now .
i do have an intimidating way of speaking but that 's because i was intimidated !
thus he tried to stab me which did n't work because i closed the door before he tried and mom stopped him .
also he tried to crush my head with the cutting board he also decided to cut onions in front of the bags so i do n't look at them which was super annoying i have the right to know !
it 's valid for me to take my own belongings out of bags .
a day before he said that i was crazy he 'll call the hospital onme because they threw off a large amount of books and i had to double check by sorting through the trash to see if there 's anything that was mine that was there by mistake .
i have low trust.. so i do things like that .
also it 's trash and it 's outside of the house .
i took 1 news paper 2 magazines and 1 uni related thing out i think i have the right to have peace of mind !
i know the game will be released on ps4 and xbox but will i be able to play with them if they 're on console and i 'm on pc ?
90 of my games so far someone leaves after the first round .
blizzard does not do a good job of letting you know that it is a two-round map and this obviously needs to be changed .
stick around people you can always win the next round !
hello and welcome to wilda 's trading post i have a number of gold coins up for trade and sale i am mainly looking for raw pre-33 or something cool like a cali fractional or the like .
trades i am willing to use silver gw pp and btc to even out a trade .
hi i 'm mostly looking for any dbha pokemon that i do n't have .
egg moves would be really appreciated but are not necessary to trade .
i really want the dbha genderless pokemon from dream radar if you have a spare one make an offer .
here 's my build which started out as a pre-built i know
on games like csgo i get 150-200 on high which is n't bad at all i just feel like i should be getting more .
h1z1 king of the kill i get anywhere from 30 to 100 30 in towns 50-70 in forests and 100 in open fields .
settings are edited in my cfg for performance also feel like i should be getting more .
i know these games are cpu intensive but cmon .
also the back of my pc gets really hot and have crashed due to heat on hotter days .
i heard my mobo does n't have cooling on then vrm '' or something like that .
probably poorly worded but would like some help if this is n't the exact place to post please point me in the right direction cheers !
for whatever reason i never got around to season 6 until now .
i imagine part of it was down to how useless yahoo screen was and how i had to awkwardly use hola unblocker every time i wanted to watch it .
i will maintain that the first half of the season is fairly weak but the second half of the season is really really great .
modern espionage is one of the best episodes of the whole show and the finale could not have been more perfect .
i 've had a very fractured relationship with the show .
after being a super fan for seasons 1-3 4 left a bad taste in my mouth and while 5 did its damnedest to get back to former glory it never quite got back there .
it was n't until i watched this season 6 finale that i realised how much time and genuine love i gave and had for this show .
seeing shirley come back for a cameo made me realise how great a hole she had left .
i was sad when it got to the end and there was no troy cameo .
i 'd realised just how much this show had an effect on me and how much it meant to me as the first proper show i became a mad obsessive about .
all i can say is thank you to anyone who might be reading this who had even the smallest thing to do with the show .
you gave me my favourite tv show of all time and gave me something i will revisit for years and years .
i thought this was a good place to ask something that has been on my mind for a while .
i ask this as i like to make a lot of chill/electro house music .
one thing i notice about edm is that it seems to get a lot of flack for being to repetitive compared to other genres .
that 's not to say other genres do n't have complaints about being repetitive but it 's something i tend to see a lot when it comes to people trashing on edm .
so when i make my music i have this worriness of being to repetitive that a listener hears the song and goes eh it 's too repetitive and feels same throughout the track . ''
so i feel i have to keep it all dynamic and keep the listener on their toes when it comes to sections as if each sections has to be their own completely unique part for the song maybe to the point of it sounding as if the part is n't fitting well with the song .
a friend of mine asked when i told her about this was but in music isnt repetitionthe best tool to use in making a song ? ''
there 's the possibility that i 'm just looking at it to much with kinda of a critical mindset .
i mean hell daft ppunk is one of the most popular artists in the history of house if not of all time .
and when you break their music down it 's very repeated through the track with some breaks bridges or transitions to spice things up .
is there a certain point when you believe a song is too repetitive for it 's own good ?
or is repetitiveness just a part of music as a whole ?
usually play with a group and hardly get messed with but im gon na solo some dz later and want to know if this build is good enough .
usually get my health ability every 25-30 seconds and same for pulse .
we are facing the possibility that we may need to move out of the house we 're currently renting a couple weeks before the new house we bought is ready for us to move into .
our current place and the new place are on the same block so it would save us a lot of time money and hassle to be able to just walk our stuff down the street instead of properly packing it to move to a storage facility .
we are thinking about getting a portable storage unit to store whatever we ca n't fit in the garage and basement of the new house and the garage and basement of our friend 's house we 'll be staying at also on the same block while our contractor finishes up .
does anyone have any experience using these kinds of units for storage here in the city ?
we would put it in our driveway in back it would be there for about 2-4 weeks .
our biggest concern is security i have no idea how well you can secure these units with extra locks or something and while we would n't put our most valuable belongings in there we would obviously prefer not to have anything stolen .
it looks like our options would be pods pack rat american portable mini storage and myway mobile storage .
if anyone has experience with any of these companies i 'd love to hear about it .
we 'd also consider an actual storage facility if it seems like an on-site storage unit is too risky or there 's some other reason it would n't work .
i have an admission i have been incredibly neglectful .
i leagued for a number of years during college and directly after however over the last few years i let things fall off and in the process of multiple moves and my ball sitting in my hot car during a texas summer my twisted fury straight up cracked during my first throw a few weeks ago .
since then i 've been using a backup ball and will be starting a new summer league but in the years since i was enthusiastic about the sport i 've lost a lot of knowledge of the more technical details which is where i hoped you all might be able to help .
does anyone know of an equivalent ball to the twisted fury that is currently in production ?
it does n't need to be brunswick it does n't need to look good i 'm just hoping for something that fits my throw like this did .
every day i tell myself to stop looking for someone to help because no one will ever care enough so i 'll just have to figure out how to kick my own ass .
but then it does n't work so i go back to fruitlessly looking for someone to help me .
there 's no hope of helping myself and there 's no hope of finding anyone both willing and able to help me .
all i want now is to be dead ... i wish i could just go to sleep and not wake up .
i 'm really sorry if anything about this question is wrong or if it 's insensitive or anything like that .
but one of my teachers is curious about this and told us to try and find information online since he could n't find any good tutorials after googling .
if you guys have any suggestions that would be much appreciated he did specify that it was the one that was rectangle based if that makes a difference .
at what point should i replace auriel 's bow ?
i 'm pretty sure it is far from the best and when i 've changed bow what arrows should i use or should i keep the sunhallowed ones that i use now ?
thanks for any help and sorry if i left anything out .
i 've been noticing that almost any thread where someone is either talking about something personal anything that 's got them down or any mental health related thing will be bombarded with it gets better '' and you 're only insert age here you still have 80 of your life ahead of you '' .
i mean for a good and recent example i 'll use this https np.reddit.com/r/teenagers/comments/4dfbnl/i_quit_life thread .
i seriously recommend you guys read this https www.reddit.com/r/suicidewatch/comments/25igd7/whats_wrong_with_it_gets_better_what_if_it_doesnt .
because on that thread i had originally linked there 's post after post saying how it 'll get better '' or this wo n't be forever i promise '' is a bad thing to say .
no for the most part that is n't how this works .
sure it can get better but to an extent .
and by that i mean everybody is different in their minds .
for some what they 're experiencing can very well be temporary .
but for most there 's a good chance that there 's something in their head that 's making them this way and there 's no escape .
and if you still think that you 're making a difference by saying it gets better '' then take a look at this https www.reddit.com/r/depression/search ? q=it+gets+better restrict_sr=on .
just look at all of the people who hate that phrase to no end and please check out the comments on the posts too .
but honestly if you do n't have anything useful to say or anything empathetic to say then please do n't bother .
i know that you guys mean well but it does n't do anything .
and please take a look at this https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=1evwgu369jw a video showing what true empathy is like .
and if you take what she said from in the video then by you saying that it gets better '' you 're putting a silver lining around their problem .
so please do n't go around saying wow so angsty '' or it gets better '' or even chill dude you 're only insert age here '' .
edit also if you need some place to talk or vent r/depression and r/suicidewatch is the place .
edit and i thought i 'd just say i 've also posted a couple vent posts on here before and i certainly regret it .
i just got the usual spurge of so angsty '' and it gets better . ''
edit also the auto mod posted down below if you are seeking assisstance for crises or suicide prevention r/teenagers may not be the best place to ask for assistance . ''
my background is in web software but my goal is to become a generalist maker with a focus on robotics .
my problem which is a pretty awesome is that i have too many options .
i am looking for advice on which equipment is going on give me the most flexibility in terms of prototyping the widest range of things .
i can continue learning anything on my free time but if something involves a piece of equipment i have to take the class to gain access to that part of the shop .
so what 6 would you guys choose to give you the greatest flexibility and prototyping capabilities ?
with the amount of posts in regards to what the banlist might be and when we will be getting it what is the worst but most realistic banlist that konami could present to you that would make you hate your life even more .
ok well here 's the problem i 'm having and need help with .
i 'm apart of all factions have every companion and want to keep them all and i need to know what the consequences are if siding with one of the four so as to help me decide who to side with .
for instance if i side with the institute will danse and deacon still be a companion ?
like just need a list of companions that will not be usable with certain factions .
ego etabli dum subreddit et nunc populare souhaite cum submissions et comments et recruitir novi members id est subscribers .
si aliqua ex vos assistir veut si il vos plait clamate ad moi et addebit willingly ego vos in list de moderators .
so my screen ingame looks like this with the orange and without
so i googled it and they said press ctrl-t and it turned it off but if i am in fullscreen everytime i alt tab it makes it go orange and i dont want to keep pressing ctrl-t is there another solution please help .
also in an actually map it looks even worse like cancer please
i am just wondering if anyone knows the actual drop chance of a high-end item from a boss in the dark zone .
just curious what the actual number is so i can do some calculations .
... of bob as uzo watching derrick bouncing her boobs ?
i 'm going to prom in a couple weeks and want to know which would be better for the occasion and possible use for the future
i had someone here point me towards plus 2 and i really like their shirts but they were a bit too boxy for my taste .
i typically wear h m 's long t-shirt or elwood 's long t-shirt along with my favorite chino 's from cotton on drake chino 's .
i am trying to do more now and find other companies to buy shirts dress shirts and crewneck sweaters that are elongated and fit my style .
i have really broad shoulders and am husky but i have thinner legs .
this is really the only style i could rock and i love rocking it no doubt .
can anyone point me to a brand where i can go on a mad shopping spree on ?
i 've heard of killion already just a heads up and will be checking them out .
my friend in another area of the city was burgled tonight .
i should be asleep but i 'm wide awake .
i 'm such a terrible friend how dare i be anxious .
need one more to help finish fear 's embrace for touch of malice final quest .
i noticed something about the leading peacekeeper civs around the cylinder ...
hawai'i the ones with small peacekeeping squads in sa where they blocked many cities during the chile/inca wars
the boers bringing the sweden/sparta war to a complete halt
mongolia genghis keeping his fellow khan kuchum from attacking yakutia
is there possibly a secret international organization going on ?
like the irl united nations ' blue helmets we might see the orange helmets as a league of nations that just wants to bring peace to this world by stopping wars by blocking their way .
faith in the town '' be acquitted without revealing to the town .
if a mayor goes to trial and says i won´t reveal because of achievement hang me if you want . ''
a way to counter it would be to inno him once then put him back but what 's the point of the achivement then ?
whats your take on the matter guys and gals ?
i 'm playing necro in pvp 1 rank from sapphire atm and in urgent need to climb till ruby and i 'm looking to improve so i thought to open this thread in order to collect common mistakes you experience in pvp .
i hope to collect class mistakes dunno such as many rangers i see have pve pets equiped '' as well as position and general gameplay mistakes you 've encountered during your fights .
so yesterday i had to have emergency surgery thanks to my appendix appendicitis .
so after having it removed and waking up in recovery the next day they did the usual make sure i 'm not dying from anything after the surgery and then sent me home with some pain killers vicodin .
now i see some people at my community college mix weed and vicodin which i think is a stupid idea .
but i was wondering if anyone knew which one worked better if you had to choose between one and the other and if anyone knew if it was even safe for me to smoke or how long i should wait til i start again ?
i purchased a slim fit ck suit a few years ago off the rack had it tailored and really do like it .
i also own a hickey freeman suit but it is so expensive i typically only wear it for special occasions .
i am looking at purchasing another ck suit in a different color and wanted to see if similar manufacturers sold at department stores are just as good for the price and quality and if anyone suggests any other companies ?
i do n't want a special pattern please post screens but i 'm willing to pay 15-20k
so i just got a ps4 for a good deal and i was curious on how many people are still playing on that system i 've played on the xbox one a little too much !
and noticed the community shrunk into a handful of people that i would run into constantly .
so my question is is the ps4 community any different ?
we can grab some food play some games just hang out and see if it goes somewhere .
this is a brilliant game for anyone gamerly and gateway-y .
but nearly every non gamer i have played has said yuck i do n't like the box '' or looks like someone has been playing with clip art '' or or is it about a seedy dating website ? ''
and when they start playing they often say why are n't the cards square ?
and then they finish playing and have absolutely loved the game .
it is such a good game and would have worked perfectly well without the spy theme applied and might have appealed to more new gamers ... any thoughts boardgamers ?
this is my simple set up for my bees using logistics pipes while i learn the mod to see the chest inventory but it keep saying out of energy even though i have 2 power providers .
i was recommended dune by a friend and by coincidence shortly after found this sub through another post and had an explore .
i get the impression dune and its sequels explore big themes in politics religion etc from the real world .
i 'm not particularly well read or versed in many things like religions political concepts and possibly other things that may be explored .
should i do a bit of reading before starting dune and if so what should i learn about ?
i want to make sure i make the most of reading it .
alternatively let me know if i have misinterpreted and none of this matters and that i should just jump in and start reading .
i 've been reading up on the civilizations of ancient mesoamerican and one subject i 've been unable to find further information on is the relationship between nobles and commoners .
aztec society was organised into calpolli and post-classic maya society in cah how did nobles fit into these organisations ?
was the social organisation of mesoamerican societies in any way comparable to medieval european feudalism or the type of land management seen in ancient hawaii ?
i am planning to drop physics 260 with a w just this semester the physics department decided to implement a rule that you 're grade for physics 260 and the lab physics 261 would be separate on you 're transcript but would still need to be taken together .
if i drop physics 260 this late in the semester do i have to also drop physics 261 with a w ?
band from atlanta ga. new record produced by andy hull from manchester orchestra .
they will be touring with the dear hunter in may i believe .
looking for something with a fair bit of pink .
below b/o will be ignored https steamcommunity.com/tradeoffer/new ? partner=251117457 token=gye8kcgm
i submitted my order last week but my money is going to be transferring to btc tomorrow .
when i pay will you guys get a notification or should i resubmit my order and then pay for that one ?
when i say mainstream radio station i mean a station where you live that everyone listens to .
the station that plays the most popular '' music .
on my pop '' station we hear stressed out a bunch .
i heard ride on an alternative station last year but aside from that nothing .
you know what we need in our base of operation we need them barbers tailors and a plastic surgeon .
that way we can enjoy changing the look of our avatar .
by levelling up my invention skill i achieved at least level 97 in all skills .
title is self explanatory we need some custom css up in here .
i levelled my invention skill i am now level 97 .
looking to buy a m9 tt with my 149k with a 0.02 float or better .
b/o m9 tiger tooth with a 0.02 float or better .
one more information the paladin managed to kill a rooted ancient of war earlier this game
i started by ordering a vga to dvi-i adapter for the second monitor but it simply would n't fit in the back of the computer .
the connection looks the same but the pins just dont want to go in .
so i figured i must need a vga to dvi-d adapter .
after reading some amazon reviews it seems a vga wont work with a dvi-d as it is the wrong type of conversion .
is there any way to confirm whether the connection type is a dvi-i or dvi-d other than simply looking at it ?
arihant class sub ballistic sub 100 1 100 upgrade in engine making it quiter .
paint job with special magnatic nanites coated pain that absorbes sonar pings
hal tejas mki multi role naval varient 5 100 500 upgrade existing tejas to mki standard
suppose you have a third party cisco switch that 's being connected to one of your cisco switches .
what kind of configuration precautions should you take and what kind of things should you be looking for in their configuration .
for arguments sake lets say your only giving them vlan 10 and 20 .
ordered my osvr yesterday when delivery was stated to be the 15th .
got an email today saying it 'd be the 29th ...
unhappy to say the least but i 'm keeping my order on .
i found this http www.inc.com/bubba-page/6-easy-tools-to-start-your-business-today.html article today about tools to start your business .
i am building a pc and am looking for a decent but cheap case that will fit an msi gtx 970 4gb card without removing the hard drive slots .
i would also like to be able to fit at least 3 hds and an ssd if possible .
i have searched and compared and found that a lot of cases that have space for say 290mm gpus have reviews and people saying that they ca n't fit a 970 in without removing hd casing .
i live in australia btw and would prefer a case available at www.umart.com.au southport second from the left .
edit 250 max with the cheapest the better without looking like crap .
im a new player here on magic i have 1 hour gametime and i already find the game interesting .
i 've been playing hearthstone for 2000 wins so im not new to card collecter games .
are there any tips or things i need to know as i keep playing this game ?
i was against 5 of these the other day and nobody could get close before being shredded .
plasma bombers get wrecked lasers get wrecked everything just melts .
flanking is difficult when there is nowhere to hide .
the only counter i can think of are teslas but we all know how bad they are in their current state .
you see we 're a family kind of clan .
always glad to chat make friends help out and above all spar !
we have friendly battles at least 20 times a day because we love it and we have at least 4-6 average people on a day at least once though mostly not all at once !
all you have to do is be friendly enjoy a battle once in a while and be active !
donations are one thing but actually being there is another .
do n't worry when someone 's around you 'll be happier than being alone .
also if you do n't meet the 800 trophy requirement we 'll make exceptions at a minimum of 550 .
i will be able to add for a clean cornered karambit sapphire/ruby
h mlg columbus 2016 train nuke pins i will use a middleman from the subreddit .
nuke is 45k on csgopins train is 40k on csgopins
w train 30 shadow keys nuke 40 shadow keys or both for knife of equal value .
congratulations you just opened the window to an awesome and cheap collector item or playknife !
the 0,002 float value stat trak bayonet doppler phase 2 !
professionaly painted colour on the play and backside to guarantee a flawless look !
with a blade so sharp and powerfull that anybody can kill the enemy from the back with only one mouse click ! !
do i really need the 2 best float stat trak bayonet doppler p2 ?
is it really worth it buying this awesome dank looking item ?
with the 100 guarantee that this knife will always stay sharp i can tell you it is going to be one of the cheapest and one of the coolest playing knives you will ever have !
normally 0,00 float knives go for more than 180 or 190 keys on the market but not my 2 best float with 0,002 float value stat trak bayonet doppler phase 2 !
i do n't sell it for 200 keys no i do n't sell it for 190 keys and i do n't sell it for 185
i just sell it for amazing 180 keys ! ! !
if you think you are cool enough to handle this knife you can order it by clicking on my trade offer link
but it 's not over if you order it in the next 30 minutes you will receive a free reputation ! !
haha or a team challenge where they were divided into two groups galactic space princesses and jabba 's space hookers .
if you like that you might like my mexican grilled cheese sandwich .
you get two pieces of wonder bread spread margarine on the outside a slice of kraft single in between and garnish with tacobell hot sauce for a tasty authentic mexican treat !
i was thinking about that aswell since i saw someone mention it hear .
he won but does n't look like he 'll get the margins he needed .
besides it 's not like i 'd be super upset if bernie was president .
the video footage is taken from one got fat https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=g2yv_kx3u3w an old psa about bicycle safety .
maybe a t shirt of a fnaf styled funtime foxy
i love tyts for election coverage but i also ways switch to the actual stream when a candidate is giving a speech they are horrible about talking over people they leave their mics on even when they are n't commenting .
the article title claims that the practice of jewish ritual slaughter was changed due to roman influence the archeologist claims that this is the first and only example they have found of roman influence penetrat ing into religious and holy matters '' in the jewish world but all the evidence discussed has no bearing on ritual slaughtering but only on methods of butchering .
if i ever get a shiny one i 'll let you know unless it 's icy snow pattern haha
its worth your time to just go out to morton pekin/peoria eureka .
pj irvin is just a course to get by on when you cant make a half hour drive that day
the american people do n't want a moderate like cruz .
really big change is that starting hand is bigger but you can only draw 1 instead of 2 .
rest of the basic rules seem the same from what i read but they did have to change a few cards to take into account the change .
did your agent know that the selling agent told you that you keep those items ?
if so your agent should have included all of that in the contract .
i could make a legitimate argument that the shed should have stayed unless they excluded it in the contract .
the generator as well if it was a permanent one tied into the house .
you should ask for some compensation for those items that you reasonably thought were staying .
is it just me or do i only see s6 on their website ?
yeah it 's definitely gone up in price i just renewed mine and it was almost 200 .
its only worth it if you go a lot to the parks with expensive parking .
i hike torrey pines 1-2 times a week surf san onofre and san elijo many times a month so it works out for me to pay up front for the pass and get unlimited access .
or possibly ... thank god birmingham missed out on the airport in the 40 's or we 'd be alabama . ''
change is good 😊 but then again i 'm attending school to be a hair stylist so..
man when our bench is clicking they are so much fun to watch .
one time when my dad was shitfaced he told me he was glad his second child was a girl because he would finally have a tough kid .
if you want to get into strategy games try out xcom .
but if you are in a funk do n't play anything .
i was in a funk a few weeks ago but my work picked up and i have n't had time to play anything .
and right now i think that hyperlight game looks awesome .
you 're right we need better mechanisms to use limited cbd capacity better .
the problem is that single seat journeys are too advantagous to turn down connections work well in theory but with the gross unreliability of our transit systems they 're a major headache .
instead of express buses into the city havign actual functional bus routes to train stations .
i 'm obviously biased but syracuse going on a 16-0 run in the 3rd quarter was legitimately exciting .
unfortunately it only got them to within 17 points .
huge step for an up-and-coming program very happy for them .
ca n't be mad or surprised about the result .
i 'm trying to find the right channels to go through to find out why the rule was made in the first place though .
during undergrad i led groups of students to get courses taught that would n't have been otherwise like bioethics ! .
i needed a candidacy course that would n't have been offered until next year but i needed it sooner so i rounded up students and convinced a prof to teach on overload so we could have it at the right time in our education journey .
i think this hurdle will be harder to jump but i 'm still going to try .
well then i 'm happy to get arqebuses in 1700
i came across a few for lots of varying years while i was searching for my '14 .
i 've tried a couple boards with mx clears and i still ca n't tell if i find them too heavy for me or not .
i think part of it is that they just feel kind of rough and scratchy to me .
i think i 'm being spoiled by the likes of gateron and topre so all cherry switches just do n't feel very smooth in my opinion .
indeed once the nazis were in power some truly horrific propaganda was created which did compare jews to vermin and attempted to prove jewish people were inferior .
but before hitler was elected it was never so extreme http www.bytwerk.com/gpa/posters1.htm .
pre-1933 the party certainly did blame jews for the country 's problems and advocated for getting them out of germany/europe .
but this is not dissimilar to the rhetoric trump uses .
http 49.media.tumblr.com/a985da7eec297a24faaf52493b412d11/tumblr_n8vh98nyec1srq92go1_500.gif also her promo picture is so cuuuuuute !
chi chi in generally is really cute-looking and i feel like it 's not acknowledged enough tbh .
also if it breaks there are cheaper and better alternatives .
whether someone else does or does n't has zero to do with whether you do or not .
in fact i 'd say the truth is slightly in the opposite direction .
the more people talk about doing it the more people do it .
you mean the free trade deal that forced panama to open up their tax records and greatly reduced its ability to be a tax haven ?
he does n't use the word friend i think that op is just a nice person who sympathizes with his associate 's loss .
wait a month or two and get him to tell her your moving again ... .. ?
i lived in va for three years and it sucked
now i 'm imagining dropping a trail of popcorn to lead them into the theaters ...
using an array of 13s on a human rogue/bard mc with the skilled feat could make for the ultimate skill monkey .
just curious how many days per year do you feel like you need to take off ?
you would actually be upset to have mandatory vacation time ?
for the record i 'm taking 10 weeks this year because i got 6 weeks for paternity leave .
looks more and more likely neither will get 1,237 .
this is going to get even more interesting and historic .
revert power back to states and localities and see what happens .
because you decentralize and let the far-left and far-right implement more of what they want and when their extremist bullshit fails you will see all those polarized people suddenly moderate .
if ks wants to start pushing social conservative stuff and slashing budgets ... ..they will find out what happens when you do that .
if vt wants to try and implement government controlled healthcare and start punishing fossil fuels and nuclear energy ... ... ... they will find out what happens when you do that .
i mostly just focus of making stupid things to wear things that do n't belong in either a military setting or in normal society .
it 's all a game and if i can ruin someone 's immersion while keeping light hearted we win .
i get that the ms controllers have had a longer history of proper pc support but right now there is no reason for developers to be lazy with ds4 controller support .
i mean the user mass owning a ds4 is gargantuan .
when i was a kid i used to personify cars that ate people .
i had this toy truck that i loved so much .
bernie come to buffalo rochester syracuse utica and albany !
lately i 'm having lots of problems with nhl.tv .
maybe their servers ca n't handle all of the traffic .
i value alice for her tanky hps and resurrection skill .
do n't quote me but as i understand diao chan is the last healer to be released until some time later so in that regard i think you can still invest in alice .
jimbo sounds like he has his head far enough up his ass to see out of his own mouth and into the next dimension .
im trying to buy so much star wars stuff online including the tsums but i dont have any time to !
haha i bought it last night with my roommate bcus we were just so excited .
thinking about filing a claim with my credit card .
i found this build https www.pathofexile.com/forum/view-thread/528011 and from his videos it looks insanely fun to play .
im tossing up between this and a coc cylone with currency new player being a big factor .
you get four of either the best or one of the best weapon of their classes for free at level 0 and get some of the best weapons in the game under rank 25 .
all the other weapons at higher rank are kind of shit compare to the other firearms and are higher rank for a reason they are much harder to use .
how many famas l85a2 ssr mp5 etc etc do you see when they have that rank ?
because most players stick with what is easy to use and controllable and that 's 25 ranks and below .
the developers are handing you the best weapons or set ups in the games because they went the opposite in which most games you start out with the worst weapons in the game and have to earn better ones .
tg just got a jersey from hugh weber d devils are giving tg a pretty nice sendoff .
he would n't have moved at all if there were no physics .
lol game 5 ... ... more like refs fucking fixed that game .
if you want asu get a job at starbucks and go for free through their employee program .
o kaya namali lang pag text sayo so i-confirm mo muna .
kung madilim na eskinita meeting place niyo drug deal yan
deshaun is a great athlete but i think most rational fans would take any of the 5 of those he listed before they 'd take deshaun .
i 'm pretty sure heal aid is sold at the handmaid even with no ashes .
i suppose that could be possible though i remember one champion being from a land that was n't valoran so i assume there 's more than the one continent .
there 's nothing like loading up a rocket with ore and you find out that it is too heavy to get off the ground or has 1/4 the dv you expected .
thanks haha it was really more of a best i can do with what 's in the basement '' sort of thing
for factory recipes i am hoping that in 3.0 the more advanced factories have a much higher cost kind of like the current t3 pylon .
our group was able to create the bastion factory in a somewhat short order with a handful of people working on each concentrate .
in 3.0 i would hope that higher level factories take more than one groups worth of people to churn out in a week and would require the need for trade among people who are specialized .
i recently farmed out most of the concentrates myself with the help of previously made farms in a short time .
the recipes for repair are pretty extreme right now .
i wont repair factories from 0 until i have several runs ready then would only repair them once in at least a week .
i understand essences are coming and i hope they are a lower cost for higher end repairs .
the lower cost factories seem ok for the amount of work required for xp .
i like that different mobs sometimes spawn in different shards but the rate seems too slow .
mobspawning on the surface at night seems to be much less than mobs spawn in some small tunnel or cave .
passive mobs are a little faster but still much less than vanilla .
i 've only seen the vitamin enrichment recipe run for the concordia factory .
you could maybe reorder the ingredients across the 3 recipes to make not just one seem the easy way to go .
i do like the need for poppies in that recipe and the seeds to create them in a poppy factory is all i have a need to trade for .
aside from those feedbacks i have an opinion on pylons themselves .
i do not like the capture the flag feel they are given with compasses and the need for only so many a shard .
in a month or two after 3.0 startup i can see conflict generated far too easily from this .
i love playing capture the flag on ut or other fps games not on minecraft .
just having a plugin that forces us to create drama seems unnecessary .
civcraft has a long history of player created drama and i think pylons need to be tweeked somehow to not be an easy source to create it .
as it stands any well off player could force the hand of a nation to come and destroy multiple pylons under a vault just to create pvp and trolliing .
no matter the cost of doing so it will happen .
civcraft is planned to be an open world for any idea but forcing us to only advance through plugin created drama seems wrong .
i am much looking forward to skillup and enchanting an unbreaking eff pick so i can mine for so much longer .
also a huge thank you to all the mods admins and everyone behind the scenes in developing 3.0 .
also if you 're interested in just the vita memory cards they are on clearance .
bay area is far and away superior if you 're looking at ease of landing a position .
they basically have two offices san jose and sf which have a great deal of crossover and around 600 people each .
so it 's basically like a mega 1200 person office .
to put that in comparison san diego offices are a little over 200 people .
so there 's effectively 6 times the positions in the bay compared to san diego .
i 'm not positive but i would assume that the la office is around 600 and the oc office is around 200 people .
turnover may even be higher in the bay area than in la or other parts of ca because of the start up scene '' but regardless it 's going to be pretty high .
to put it in comparison san diego b4 offices will take anywhere from 15-20 interns and san jose and sf will each take 30-40 .
add that to the fact that socal has 7 colleges usc ucla ucsb csun csulb csuf and sdsu for recruiting but the bay area only has 6 colleges sjsu cal poly slo santa clara uc davis and cal filling up way more openings .
and cal and uc davis do n't have nearly as many accounting students as those other schools .
starting pay for b4 is going to be 58-60k .
rent is going to be high in the city but with a roommate you can get it to around 1,250 to 1,500 which is affordable .
i know people who live in berkeley and take the bart from there to downtown sf .
it 's like a 15 min trolley ride partially underwater and rent is a lot cheaper in berkeley than sf .
also you can live by cal college students which may or may not be cool .
the big problem with the bay area is traffic .
la will be a little bit cheaper for rent but still expensive .
tl dr sj sf la oc sd if you 're just looking at ease to get into .
expect to spend a great deal of time in traffic getting to your client .
should be able to comfortably afford rent around 1,250 at that price .
look on craigslist and see what 's going at that price and you 'll have a good idea .
anyone who is still in the impyre this is your time to get out now while you can still escape the burning house .
funny part is i probably have on average higher degrees then most here .
did arizona ever even find out that it was alex who actually did the amputation ?
you can add scripts into startercharacterscripts and they will be inserted into each players character evertime they spawn
adding a model named startercharacter into starterplayer will make each character spawn as the model
adding a humanoid named starterhumanoid into starterplayer will replace each character 's humanoid with the configurations of starterhumanoid .
yeah that is assuming we can borrow enough till then .
does n't sound like we are making promises we intend to keep .
you have to at least remember the alignments you gave them
because i know you need a license to sell it .
i still am under the impression it does 150 damage to low level shielded enemies in pve .
however i have read that the explosive round damage is not modified by crowd control and other bonus damage perks and would be detrimental in such scenarios .
wait you americans have not realized what a scum she is ?
just looking at her track record of going with the popular views would have told u that she is a scum and a spineless weasel .
heck if she is president i can only imagine how easy it will be to get her to go yaa on a issue .
at least with obama it looked to me like he has a spine
honestly it is shocking what you can get through to your toddler by making it sing-songy .
just pick a tune you know and sing a command or lesson .
holding hands picking up toys even spelling simple words ...
and that 's actually an aspect that my fanfiction project beacon is n't the end is going to touch on .
now of course it is an au but still it 's touching on the fact that none of the students at beacon/atlas/haven/shade get taught how to combat other people .
when playing a game put it on full match and look at the positioning of all your players .
if the player has nobody to pass to he will generally just boot it up the field .
it is especially annoying because i have never seen a single snake egg .
i 've offered ascendant gear for snake eggs no bites .
wildcard as far as i can tell titanoboa eggs do not drop on unnofficial servers .
they immediately ceased all production and sales of any products .
so anybody who actually owns a revolv has probably had it for a few years already probably a bit too long for a refund although i agree it would be super nice just unlikely .
that combined with the fact that they were probably losing money which is why they got bought out and they 've had to run servers at a loss for two years so my guess is a refund is unlikely .
dropcam actually offered free new cameras to people who bought their first generation ones which i thought was pretty generous .
i did n't get one though as when i bought mine they only had the new ones .
but then dropcam probably has a bigger market-share than revolv and is way more successful .
has no one noticed how much dane cook looks like a young chevy chase ?
i 'm hoping for a s v equivalent of the t-70 a versatile ship that strikes a solid balance between firepower durability and maneuverability and has a variety of interesting pilots .
because solar/wind are kind of shit sources of power tbh .
they are intermittent and unstable and our power grid is designed around and relies on stability to keep power flowing to everyone .
a lot of times solar panels just do n't produced enough energy when needed and wind turbines can sit dormant while better more stable sources take over .
also wind turbines fail eventually and send deadly shrapnel flying everywhere for hundreds of meters and solar panel production creates a metric fuck ton of carcinogenic waste .
nuclear is nice because it creates thousands of times more megawatts of power consistently and stably .
it produces an actual very small amount of waste that can be recycled or just dumped in a deep hole filled in with concrete without having to worry about it for longer than humans have even been around .
i still enjoy it gj meta taro dusk till dawn and karate of course being instant favorites but do feel like its lacking that extra spark of playfulness the first one had .
that said also keep in mind that some of the songs on the first albums were a couple years in the making and was about half of what they did in sg and the other half new stuff where this is an all new record that was put together in just 2 years .
there was probably a whole lot more behind that than just you shouting .
maybe using riftcat https riftcat.com to emulate rift and send video to android and package disabler https play.google.com/store/apps/details ? id=com.ospolice.packagedisablerpro hl=en to let you run cardboard apps in gear vr .
they usually take a while to disclose these things .
it took them until shortly before the penultimate episode of gravity falls to announce it was ending though to be fair they were trying to convince alex to reconsider ending it and it took them until just recently to announce that wander over yonder was going to be ending soon which was different because craig mccracken had a lot of things he wanted to do for the next season .
in this same thread a man says faith in islam grows by reasoning .
if ye fear allah he will grant you a criterion to judge between right and wrong remove from you all evil that may afflict you and forgive you for allah is the lord of grace unbounded .
after all if you believe and fear will you not be wholly forgiven ?
if you are forgiven is n't your scale heavy ?
what judgement is there when grace and forgiveness abounds ?
and if you say you believe and fear can you honestly say that all evil has been removed from you ?
what will you say that all that befalls you must actually not be evil ?
or do n't generalize a large group of people based on some bad apples .
you notice the people on motorcycles wearing no gear and breaking the laws but not the millions of riders that ride responsibly every day .
it 's 99.95 effective so the odds are on your side .
her side effects seem typical of progestogen birth control .
it 's often helpful to buy some pregnancy tests to check every few months especially because she wo n't be able to tell as her bleeding wo n't be from true periods and it can be erratic .
food cravings or giving in to them lead to weight gain .
sore breasts mood changes breast size increase or decrease bleeding changes ... .can be attributed to nexplanon or any progestogen-only method for that matter .
i think you mean monday since tuesday 's are n't out yet .
it does n't take much to be a huge hit on our guys
cruz wants to turn america into the christian saudi arabia .
5 days is n't very long but i definitely think that you can improve your score .
in my experience acts vary a lot by month one month i got a 26 in science and the next month 36 !
what helped me was familiarizing myself with the test content .
look at the act sparknotes page especially if math is your weak point .
it lists every concept you need to know so you wo n't be as likely to be caught off-guard on test day .
most of all walk in on test day calm and confident .
if you think there 's any potential with your roommate in the near future you probably should n't have your fb over .
instead of assuming what he 's thinking why not just talk about the situation a little bit and figure out where the two of you stand ?
if he 's not ready to start anything with you then go ahead and have fun with your fb but he 'd probably be hurt if he 's under the impression that this flirting is leading somewhere .
he looks like forrest gump had sex with one of those troll dolls
preds up 1-0 avalanche yet to put a puck on net at the 11 minute mark .
sniper rifles have no auto aim in black ops 3 .
they got rid of it to try and combat the bullshit that is quickscoping
i guess you could conceptualize behavioral as heterodox micro 20 years ago but we are now the dominant force chetty 2015 .
start with a basic sine wave and play around with the saturation parameters until you get the sound you 're looking for .
bali fur will not stop growing even in the middle of the summer .
source i 'm a balinese owner and my cat gets more haircuts than i do .
well one simply does n't drain half court shots like that
i thought you were trying to say why ca n't i lightsabre on a sword master '' derp .
pretty much except i would say i love mayochiki enough to demand a second season .
i usually do n't like traps at all in any form but this was a huuge exception !
other than that i do n't really hold an opinion except that haganai is fantastic as well .
and hoping to find a casual group that meets up .
i also have no problem saying i take luvox for ocd and lamotrigine for bi-polar disorder .
edit one minute later i 'd give you two up-votes if i could .
you 're sure as shit way ahead of me homie .
i 'm not sure what to say to make you feel any better but i can say that shit is an real accomplishment and that you should be proud .
i can say with confidence that most people our age has felt exactly what you are currently feeling if your school make you feel over encumbered yo should talk to one of your friends .
if you made it this far and know this is what you truly want to do just try to imagine yourself happy asf in the future with an amazing job and satisfaction from what you had to overcome to get there .
south carolina 0:03 shipping confirmation with tracking arrived via email due to arrive 04/07/16 .
it 's cute until you think about what her cat collar means .
you are the type of girl who get tattoos so men will find you more attractive but end up looking like a guy who gets tattoos to finally look like a man .
is the text on flairs currently one of the bugs ?
it might be able to hit tv i 'm not sure how that would work .
and the issue with yar sites was that it was n't subbed by anyone and would come out slowly and inconsistently .
that sounds like a lot of assists for the number of kills you have .
i have a decent k/d imo been playing a lot of hvv recently which has really hurt my ratio but oh well .
i feel like i get assists pretty rarely normally when i ca n't land the final kill shot with my t21-b at long range if i engage someone at close-medium range i will kill them .
he had a sofa in his office and would shut out the lights and sleep on it for hours .
the problem was the door did n't lock so we would go in there looking for something and turn the lights on and wake him up .
so he resorted to locking himself in the supply closet on a pile of dog beds for his naps .
he also enjoyed watching the security cam footage especially if an employee had fallen or something .
he would watch the footage on a loop laughing like a maniac and making sound effects and doing voices .
the best was when he had to actually do work though .
like when he had to come up with a return policy for the store .
he literally went to a competitor 's website and printed off their policy without reading it and taped it up at the registers .
then he noticed it had the name of their store mentioned throughout the document .
so he just took a pencil and crossed out the name and wrote our store 's name next to it .
to get it for that price you have to 'play ' the system .
basically you buy the phone on an o2 'refresh ' contract which is where you have separate contracts for the phone and the airtime plan ... ..
to get it for £391.99 the cheapest price select the 1gb data tariff which is £79.99 upfront and £31.00 a month .
this breaks down as £13 a month for the phone and £18 a month for the airtime plan each over 24 months .
you are then free to cancel the airtime plan at any point including during the 14 day cool off and pay off the phone .
the phone then works out as £79.99 £13 x 24 £391.99
to buy it outright in the traditional sense is about £480 .
there have been talks but she probably wont be .
i feel it might be a bit gimmicky too .
i 'd rather know what 's in it and mix it up myself .
can confirm you can abuse sona 's laning power up until about plat or so if you 're good .
trump needs 55-60 of delegates and cruz needs about 94 .
truno is n't looking like he will hit the magic number but cruz is nowhere fucking even close .
it will come down to the convention i think .
that extension with wolvie off the super was fuckin dope
it 's almost as if he is living under the thumb of an authoritarian state that can fuck him bigtime if he does n't do as they say .
i made my first donation it 's not much but i want to do my part
ahaha yeah here in canada drugstore prices are about 20 for foundation ...
the cost of drugstore makeup just makes me realize i can spend just a little bit more for stuff at sephora !
sorry but being famous or a well known adventurer is very different than being personally chosen by one of the most powerful gods to ever exist to protect the world as its guardian and becoming immune to the magics of gods in the process .
we stopped becoming adventurers a long time ago and entered the chosen one realm .
all other games we become something of a chosen one but runescape was different and that was nice .
as i said before a mmo can do story but it means nothing in relation to the gameplay or content .
if the latter is crap no one is going to stay no matter how good the story .
other mediums and genres are better facilitators at making a story .
mmo needs good game-play and mechanics in order to attract and retain people .
think of it like this more people would rather play a sport or a video game than sit down to read especially your casual type of person .
ambrose should be the next contender for the title after styles .
then when ambrose and reigns are in the ring shaking hands etc .
boom roman hits dean in the back with the title and superman punches him .
2 teams who almost always go for the 2 points vsing each other
yep but that was me who you shot first i 'm sure good shit anyways man .
not to mention how expensive it is for bethesda ...
that 's why i would choose the female voice over the male one because if you 're going to force voiced protagonist shit on me i 'd rather not have to listen to some boring male 's voice .
so portland was going to run out sam bowie and ralph sampson ?
and yet you know the right answer to this question ?
we may need to do a small bump in defence spending .
trinidad currently uses 6.5 of the budget and can go up to 7 .
i propose jamaica and the bahamas increase from 1 and 1.75 to 3 to levels jamaica would have spent before joining the usc on defence .
this is so we have some spending money beyond our minimums to maintain troops .
some of the sandy hook families are letting themselves get dragged into it .
krieger is perfect he 's like the evil scientist but he 's too incompetent to be a serious threat to society .
but if you 're paralyzed and within his nearby vicinity probably best to move to another country ... .
one rank game wo n't break ya buddy you 'll be fine .
they 're the real deal a vcr analog title maker adjust the tracking and boom !
api platform is built on top of symfony and is wonderful .
are you taking care of domestic duties or developing a side career ?
i have my own goals and interests that i pursue if that 's what you mean .
my current job is phlebotomy which i 've only had for about two months now .
i settling into this job for now until i am ready to expand my career .
you 've said nothing positive about him and nothing about your history .
i am with him because we enjoy one another and we 've been married 7 years .
i know going through as much as him and i have been through is n't a good reason for sticking around if i am being treated poorly but that is just it like anyone i have my limits on what i will put up with and have given him a choice of change or i will leave ultimatum in the past .
that was before he made strides to improve his state of mind and has shown great patience and love since .
he does however get bored easy and as his spouse i ca n't neglect that if i care about us .
it would n't be a developing relationship if both parties did n't contribute .
was an excellent read ... hopefully i can get a copy of the book but im glad i bought the digital version .
the formula on the lingerie lipsticks is pretty sucky .
i tried a bunch and bought one hoping it would grow on me ... no such luck .
and i totally get what you 're saying about having no warmth .
the only issue is i 'm running out of regulated mods to trade in exchange .
my daily driver is still the realeux dna 200 which i dont see myself ever getting rid of .
its hard for me to take a mech with me to work ... or at least its impractical .
it makes me look forward to getting home and loading up some mechs on my desk and just enjoying the night .
on a different note i do n't know why people order so many cheap products instead of just getting 1 or 2 nice things .
i used to do the same thing but i realize i 'm only spending slightly more by ordering high end .
instead of buying every new sub ohm tank and ipv mod that comes out just buy 1 dna 200 .
i feel much happier buying quality instead of quantity .
i agree with you completely except i like renekton 's design and elise 's spider form but other than those yeah no personality whatsoever completely disrespect towards the most dominant champions we 've yet seen .
such a disappointing line-up of skin even tpa 's were by far superior
you can make an account and go on the map https www.ingress.com/intel to look and see what is around you .
when you are given the choice between two paths the blue path is to freedom and the green is to oppression .
that 's not a real character like kal-el not clark kent durr he 's from krypton .
and they know they are in fierce competition with youtube for kid 's attention .
i went to the last vandenberg launch and all i saw was fog .
the noise was worth it as well as being surrounded by a couple thousand spacex employees most of whom were also attending their first launch .
my first thought that girl on the left is topless .
significant because of how often it is used on servers .
it will get slowly harder but yeah you can breeze through for quite a while .
you 'll just suddenly realize that you 're getting hit harder and you 'll have to regroup a bit and gear up .
most people are of the opinion that the game does n't really get started until you hit lvl 70 .
he ran away from the shooter to stab '' a woman in the time the guy was able to rack and fire .
i think it says there are older and fouler things in the deep places than the balrog/sauron
the actual version is there are older and fouler things than orcs in the deep places of the world '' referring to the watcher
it 's '' far far below the deepest delving of the dwarves the world is gnawed by nameless things .
now i have walked there but i will bring no report to darken the light of day ''
i mean sauron was created before arda was arda is 12052 years ... or maybe it just means they were there before sauron arrived in arda like i thought previously .
either iluvatar or more likely the song of the ainur would have created them
whatever they are they 're apparently not a serious threat to the balrog because he 's been going about in their lair like he owns the place
or you know democrats that like him/his policies more than hillary .
this being a 2 dog race does n't give the democrats that do n't care for hillary yes !
from a profit point of view that does make sense .
i will be waiting for the new one to come out before choosing to get it or not .
i got an update on this question it 's supposedly 1 raid map but are any of these from gq 's too ?
mlb.com custom jersey shirts they have every historical player now .
kanye definitely did n't make it mainstream it was big in hip hop back in the 80s and 90s when people were still using physical drum machines aka the actual roland tr-808 .
you could probably say beastie boys made it mainstream because licensed to ill was nearly all 808 beats and was the biggest album at the time to utilise it 22 years before 808s and heartbreak .
ask your guy if they 're legit real prescribed alprazolam
if the bars are crumbly '' or flakey '' or brittle '' or other words i ca n't think of chances are they 're fake
if you look suuuuuper close even use a magnifying glass peep the xanax '' lettering or whatever type they may be .
the number/letter presses should be thin deep and super straight .
some fake xanax makers have gotten good at doing this well but 90 of the time this is the best way to tell in my opinion
worst come to worst take a quarter of a bar and let half dissolve under your tonge then get the rest all over your tongue .
if it tastes like not-alp it 's probably not alp .
not the best or most reliable test but still works for experienced '' xanax folk
i 'm not sure if they sell test kits for this stuff but it 's probably worth in investing in one
i never personally got a fent xanax bar but i got a fake thc '' one and it was one of if not the worst drug experience/high of my life .
another thing is most real xanax bars are built like tanks .
most if not all of them just feel '' hard lol .
you got ta apply good pressure to snap them into diff pieces .
fake xanax either crumbles/is soft '' or wo n't break right along the lines .
i do wish i 've ran into fake bars i 100 know are fent though .
i 've never had fent and would love to try it and compare it to bth .
start with like a 1/5th of a bars worth test shot after the bar gets all crushed and mixed up i 'd be god damn surprised if fake xanax bars have equal distribution of the drugs in them lol and see where that fakes me .
i 'm no super expert or anything i just take a good bit of all kinds of xanax and other benzos and have seen multiple fakes in person and id 'd them by this method before
except for being headquartered in a country where gay sex is illegal .
i found the one about the lad telling his dad he was essentially holding him back for not wanting his son in the army the most offensive .
each roll you have a 1/36 chance of any given result where the order matters in this case 2 and 3 .
you do this three times so the chances are multiplicative .
alternately you could also see that you could just be rolling one die and saying you want to roll 2,3,2,3,2,3 in that order .
the chance of getting a 2 is 1/6 and so is the chance of getting a 3 .
so the chance of rolling that exact sequence is 1/6 6 which is equivalent to 1/36 3
i 'd secure the best handbasket i could find and proclaim shotgun .
2 seconds in and i refused to watch more .
either way not all optometrists are experienced with rgps hard contacts but if done right they are your best bet .
if you care for them correctly they are cheaper and healthier than soft contacts and will give you better vision than glasses .
sen är det ju skillnad på att jobba i ett område och att bo i eller nära det .
själv bor jag i ett av de där 53 eller var det 55 ?
områdena som polisen är extra oroliga för och nog är det betydligt mindre tryggt än vad det borde vara .
är ju inte så att man känner för att bara sitta utanför porten och slappa nattetid när man kommer hem från en fest eller krogen nej rakt in och låsa dörren är det som gäller ...
there is a small hope in my heart that jk rowling will actually write the life and lies of albus dumbledore ...
i 'd imagine she would still sign it rita skeeter too .
multicore rendering takes away fps in most cases so turn it off
your post has been removed due to the following reasons
ruleset 1.1 https www.reddit.com/r/windows10/wiki/rules wiki_1.1.3a_general your account must be over 2 days old to post on this subreddit this is to prevent spam bots .
if you think this action was done in error please contact the moderators here https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fwindows10 subject=i 20am 20not 20a 20bot message=removed 20thread
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/windows10 if you have any questions or concerns .
it 's much better than it was a year ago .
and as someone who does n't use playlists and listens mostly to albums in full it provides the best experience imo .
still a ton of stuff to improve but not that far off from apple music/spotify .
from what i heard they were not classified at the time even if some of them later were retroactively classified .
i 'm no hillary fan but not a hater either but some of this is blown way out of proportions .
rather go get her on her proposed policy that would be much more interesting !
it is n't something i do normally but i know some of the basics .
if its something you want to try to do yourself you could probably manage to make it pretty decent on your own but if you just do n't want to bother thats understandable .
i just feel that my body should be different e.g .
estrogen breasts and vulva rather than what it had .
i do n't think there 's an eternal feminine '' that i 'm tapping into .
the good news for democrats is that they 'll shine blue in the general .
what makes it a byali pattern what it is ?
does byali own a ch with that pattern id or something ?
i would have thought the cost for a caravan or cabin would cost more than a single room especially if you pick somewhere that involves living with a family or somewhere shitty .
but if do n't be a dick to lgbtq people '' is n't enough of an argument it 's good to back it up with this will also harm straight people you moron '' .
i try and plan gross food binges into my daily calorie intake ... then i just do n't do them because i 'd like to eat a bunch of smaller healthier meals instead of the garbage i 'd originally planned .
a balance that has not become overdue should not .
i agree wilson is clearly a pretty good cb he 's just not suited to our system .
i am 10 points away from upgrading my stamp .
that guy was a non-stop roller coaster of awesome entertainment and verbal sparring matches with random constituents .
if that is a qualified source then i have heard harry kane has had to have an eye removed but he should recover for the weekend .
rob ford was possessed by a demon which then took residence in this unfortunate man .
well now we know why titus looks so womanlike .
hey probably the first time that a trap has story relevant reason to be a trap .
and we learn why he was so fixated on marga because he saw himself in her .
someone only hearing about sunlight and the outside world but never experiencing it for the most time of their life .
mogamett is a good person and cares a lot for other people as long as they 're magicians .
i really love how this is part of his character .
he would n't be the villain in the story if he would n't have so much hated against the goi .
i even would hesitate to call him a villain really but i do for the lack of a better word .
i really like all fanalis in this show at the moment .
i just noticed this show has always that moment when a character notice the similarity of the situation or the similarity to the other person .
it is a story about learning from old mistakes and trying to find a better solution .
aladdin is literally trying to stop history from repeating .
again a stitch similiar to the scene of the ending http i.imgur.com/0utlmaa.png
damn playing the ed over the last scene of the episode never gets old .
also judging from the preview i probably will do some webms tomorrow .
gfycat collection https gfycat.com/saikimo2/magi_-_labyrinth_of_magic beware of spoilers after thread is 1 day old because gfycat wo n't let me sort them chronological
i miss playing it but not long to wait now !
'i am positive roosevelt did n't single handily break up the banks by himself . '
i think he appointed a farmer who had contempt for bankers and as such had no qualms about doing what needed to be done these days it 's a revolving door between wall street and the govt .
if you look at cabinets of fdr and the 1945 labour govt in the uk which instituted the nhs and other radical social democratic measures there were very few people who have the sort of technocratic expertise the media privileges today and they were drawn from a much wider variety of backgrounds obviously not in terms of race but certainly in terms of class education previous experience .
the guys that go to yale and oxford and then gets jobs in the finance industry before moving into government yeah they might seem to know a lot .
but it 's the sort of 'knowledge ' that got wall street deregulated and wrecked the economy in 08 .
i 'm not saying do n't listen to experts but rather what use are experts who continually get the big decisions wrong ?
this is also true of hc yeah she 's smart and knowledgable but have you looked at her actual record ?
because it does n't look too great to me .
this thomas frank article speaks to some of this http inthesetimes.com/article/continued/12574/the_silence_of_the_technocrats
these first three are the first round of dlc .
they seem to have established a 3 tier system for dlc for the game where you get the big dlcs that are like the old ones we got before in size far harbour being the first of these it 's quoted that the landmass add will be larger than the shivering isles dlc from oblivion with slightly less content but more content than something like the dawnguard dlc from skyrim which is why it 's priced inbetween the prices that those two sold at 30 for shivering isles 20 for dawnguard and 25 for far harbour .
then you have the mini expansion '' that is what automatron was something that adds a good amount of expansion to some mechanics but not a huge amount of plot but are priced way lower at 10
and then there are what are essentially micro expansions '' what would essentially be a big mod pack if it were released in the modding community but with the advantage that it 's built into the main game engine upkept by beth and there for other modders to build off of for their own work if they like and that 's for a tiny 5 seriously i 've blown more than that on snacks on a whim before .
my bet is that each round of expansion content will contain one of each of the three tiers and my personal bet is that we 'll get at least 3 rounds .
it 's also hard to know because a lot of people still listen underground .
i never had sirius till a year ago but i never missed a show leading to that .
it 's about your decision and you made it and stuck to it .
so killing all men and white people is ok but the second i defend a guy for punching his psycho ex-wife in self defense and for absolutely hating al sharpton i 'm a race and gender traitor ?
sei fortunato allora io ne faccio 24 a giugno e non vedo l'ora di poter vedere i miei figli e di godermeli con la mia ragazza .
ho la terza media sono tre anni che lavoro insieme a mia madre in un'attività fallimentare e non ho un centesimo da parte .
per come stanno le cose non solo non avrò mai la possibilità di vedere i miei figli ma potrei finire a fare il casalingo '' alle spalle della mia ragazza .
ovviamente se non si stanca di uno squattrinato prima .
può sembrare strano ma a me è sempre piaciuto abito vicino a malpensa tanti viaggiatori in giro negozi aperti aerei .
magari non andare di notte che inizia ad essere un po ' vuoto .
da 15€ a 50€ in base a numero persone e tempo
interviewer do you get any spare time where you would um play with yourself ... in wwe 2k16 ? ''
i remember ... my mother catching me once and she said 'wait until your dad gets home . '
so i 'd get in the bedroom and he walked in and he said 'listen son if you keep doing that you 're gon na go blind ' and i said 'i 'm over here dad . '
i remember the ending battle being only a couple of pages .
kinda pissed me off for 4 book series that 's decently long that the final battle was nothing .
i 'll just leave this here from our unjerk thread half a day before that appeared next door on the front page .
close enough i mean for the sub it does n't really apply .
also wan na know how i can tell you 've never dealt with teenagers ?
i was playing a casual 3 player game on a janky ur electromancer/guttersnipe list .
my friend on elves is about to take lethal and i agree to save his life from player 3 if he does n't kill me so i can have second place by myself .
as he finished player 3 i simply untap and tell him to proceed .
before he attacks i ask to be finished off like a man .
this is the best awp player pink ddpat souvenir you can buy
mate its the best from cologne not the best including other majors .
are you saying mata was n't a top level support his entire career ?
he was pretty damn good on ozone and is in contention for being in the most dominant team of all time .
gorilla has never taken first in anything while mata was the mvp of worlds in which they dismantled blue .
gorilla has only been better than mata since mata went to china .
cause it did n't work for raiders last round ...
not sure how you can call anything hacked together .
i can use atw in flyinside on the vive therefore it is not exclusive to the rift .
just reached level 30 a week ago and i 'm pretty much out of steam .
since then i 've had one he drop and crafted one he weapon and that took hours .
i have a few days left in me but this update kills it .
225-250 mg of 4aco snorted is my craziest trip .
3 hours of dmt level visuals just this side of a breakthrough .
now we wait for someone to make a portable version to stick on a usb
the audio quality is inferior or equivalent to many other brands when it is in fact far more expensive .
a particular duranto express is the fastest train in india going by average speed of 93 kmph .
the shatabdi which i usually travel with has an average speed of a whopping 42 kmph .
if you seriously think diet soda is good for you then i 'm not interested in trying to convince you otherwise .
because you ca n't you literally have nothing but tinfoil people with their blogs supporting your claim .
here are no studies that indicate any long-term health risks from drinking diet soda .
diet soda defined as calorie free carbonated beverages sweetened with aspartame sucralose acesulfame-potassium or other non-caloric or minimally caloric sweeteners is not harmful to health well-being or body composition .
what about those studies that i read saying diet soda was bad ?
most likely that was a survey or epidemiological research .
this is research that aims to find correlations relationships between two variables and sets up future studies to find which variable causes what .
however having a system with 2 lines of 4 that juve used against us in the second leg with 4 in the middle pressing anytime opposition try to get near the final third could be more efficient in containing those three .
atleast in this system they would need to work a little bit more to create chances rather than against a high backline where 2-3 passes can put one of them through 1v1 with neuer
my weight bounced back down a couple of pounds but more importantly i am seeing and feeling changes in my body .
today is a super busy day at work which makes it easier to stay on plan .
i pretty much do if during the work week although yesterday i was super hungry and ate earlier then my normal 2:30 pm .
eh this is about being flexible and livable so i 'm ok with that .
i love making it to the middle of the week .
it 's all downhill towards the weekend from here !
you expect riot to have a next game ? ''
they ca n't do anything worth mentioning in the gaming scene .
the fact that they hit the money with a dumb-ed down dota to appeal to the noobs does n't mean that they were smart they were just lucky .
i bet even riot knows this game is as far as it is going and they are trying to squeeze out before they go under .
but were they added for the sole purpose of to inject more humor into an already dark themed movie ?
oh the years where no one knows what he was doing are a huge mystery and news story of their own
uma vez por mês recebo um mail da edp e da epal abro para ver o valor e se está tudo bem adiciono-lhe um tag do gmail que criei para todas as contas de casa e está feito .
am i being targeted due to the sensitive nature of my mission ?
i am trying to hold accountable sexual predators in an organization that is predominately male ?
what does the organisation being predominately male have to do with the price of eggs ?
i 'm might be getting targeted by people that want to cover up predators ''
i 'm might be getting targeted by people that may be predators ''
h'okay on face value there might be something to it .
i 'm being targeted because men '' oh get lost .
next thing you know she 'll be complaining that the travel office are mansplaining '' how she abused her entitlements .
this comment has been overwritten by an open source script to protect this user apos s privacy .
it was created to help protect users from doxing stalking harassment and profiling for the purposes of censorship .
if you would also like to protect yourself add the chrome extension tampermonkey https chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/tampermonkey/dhdgffkkebhmkfjojejmpbldmpobfkfo or the firefox extension greasemonkey https addons.mozilla.org/en-us/firefox/addon/greasemonkey and add this open source script https greasyfork.org/en/scripts/10380-reddit-overwrite .
then simply click on your username on reddit go to the comments tab scroll down as far as possible hint use res http www.redditenhancementsuite.com and hit the new overwrite button at the top .
wahh wahh i 'm a pwogwessive dat means i 'm on da wight side of histowy wahh wahh cuwwent year !
i think i have a brand new been i master meant for a 450 ktm in a box somewhere .
once you get used to the bosses attack patterns you wont even need health drops the game rewards you for practising and for being patient with the learning curve !
let 's raise hell with forbrukerrådet if they fuck this up .
however one can not compare them with the nazis unless you want to be branded as antisemitic .
the quoted figure is some £20,000,000 ... we are n't talking pocket change down the back of the sofa here .
i 'd be amazed if he did n't have some idea as the wealthy do love to talk about money .
you have absolutely no idea what is going on right now
i do n't think the movie would be amazing in zack snyders full length cut but it 's obviously hacked and slashed to pieces and the studio realizes they should n't have cut those scenes so they 're trying to release them now to keep the movie in the public eye .
that does a lot to put things in perspective .
i keep telling these clinton supporters especially the ones who have an axe to grind with the fact that sanders used to be an i as well as being supportive of closed primaries idiots !
but i guess some of them are like fucking lemmings they 'll go over the cliff before they change .
ok if you 're only going to be here 90 days you 're looking for short-term .
like you say do n't bother with a nie or spanish bank account .
craigslist http barcelona.craigslist.es/search/sub ? lang=en cc=gb is a good place for short-term lets .
they ads will mainly be in english and they will be happy to let to foreigners .
just watch out for scams basically anything that looks too good to be true like this http barcelona.craigslist.es/apa/5510431901.html ? lang=en cc=gb .
also reverse google image search the photos and see if they come up all over the world .
and what are you doing about it ... ..it just is ? .
if people do n't like it then they do something about it .
if it does n't change it is because enough people do n't care if it changes .
that 's the most annoying thing about us politics it affects the whole world when some asshat like trump gets at the wheel and yet the people who can do something about it do n't give a shit enough to try and change the system which fucks them in the ass every 4 years .
the price of apathy towards public affairs is to be ruled by evil men .
i was more referring to the 91 upvote swing the post had even while down .
2.9 million is your subscriber count not very likely your active readership especially as a default sub .
or do most of the posts here wind up with 2.9mil net upvote/downvotes ?
either way you certainly could have handled the situation with more grace which is the bigger issue .
i can respect enforcing the sub 's policies i can not respect the way you talk to people .
i think she definitely has german shepherd in her due to her coloring and is probably mixed with a border collie and/or golden retriever .
whatever she is she 's a very beautiful girl .
also it 's possible to have a dna test done on dogs which you can buy online for about 60-100 but from what i 've read about them they are n't very reliable .
i 've never heard of an anti-prog socdem before .
i thought the link was going to be the ishtar trailer or something but oh my god it was actually real !
fuck man i 'm a regular viewer of screen junkies how did i not see this before ?
damn could not believe my eyes i shouted out loud when i saw jay .
holy shit why did nobody tell me about this before ! ? !
the clone wars starts off weak but roughly after season 2.5 it becomes some of the most praised star wars media out there .
i do n't get it is batman going to beat up lucy ?
i was fortunate to have first read it as a young teenager who had n't built up preconceived notions about the world yet .
wait you believe the researchers behind the double slit experiment ?
aint it just one more dogmatic mason conspiracy to keep people in the shadow of understanding the world around them ?
imagine how much fun you could haveplaying with this making parody videos .
when you manage a game and decide to delete it there is an option to delete the locally stored save games as well .
but you would still have them in the cloud .
if you play only offline for a longer period and the console had no chance to synchronize the local save games with the cloud ones then you could lose some progress .
we have had an unacceptable number of realm stability issues in the last few weeks .
muscle memory is hard to defeat same with me vmware and ctrl alt ins
some arena 's allow pyro and some do not depending on the ventilation systems in the arena being capable of funneling out the smoke away from the crowd .
other times wwe does n't do pyro to cut costs but the bottom line is they did n't take the pyro away from styles .
o. s. scutellatus has venom primarily consisting of taicatoxins tcx whereas mambas have dendrotoxins .
even though on paper tcx has a higher ld50 it is n't as rapid acting as dendrotoxins .
all this means is that mamba will kill you quicker most of the time .
i would n't read much into websites '' that throw around statistics like that because to be honest it 's on a case by case basis .
although the average percentage of untreated polylepis bites is around 100 that does n't mean to say they all will be although i do n't agree with his practices tim friede is a good example
another hugely important factor is the amount of bites that occur far more people are bitten by mambas each year than taipans this skews the results significantly .
while waiting for a reply take a look at the rules https www.reddit.com/r/photoshoprequest/wiki/index wiki_rules in case you missed them or check what was gilded https www.reddit.com/r/photoshoprequest/gilded lately .
keep in mind that any violation of the rules may result in a ban !
once your request is fulfilled please remember to thank who helped you and to mark your post as solved .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/photoshoprequest if you have any questions or concerns .
my paternal ancestry is mostly french canadian but also part mohawk maternal is part scottish part irish .
one paternal ancestor fought in the duck lake massacre during the riel rebellion .
'' has driven up the price of rent '' .
do not confuse this you and other greedy landlords drove up the price of rent .
so unlike the post with the roll over sock '' this parachute material does n't stay within the prosthesis it is just there to ensure a tight and comfortable fit .
thanks to both of you for taking the time to shoot and upload this .
plus a googlr docs for a back up drive and to hold the larger document
how can someone not be able to see a candidate before deciding whether to join in the democratic process this term
i can take a 9-inch dildo up my butt because i 'm an adult and i solve my own problems
just make sure your alarm system is compatible with these wireless sensors and also that the cut wire does n't produce a sensor open fault you may need to disconnect it at the panel as well .
there is the case of the met and mfa kimono-related expositions that were protested as cultural appropriation by people who were not even japanese mostly asian americans of different ethnicities and whites to the annoyance of the japanese who wanted to see the kimono celebrated .
goonswarm member trying to call out someone from exodus .
eh i do n't think anyone is embarrassed about this it 's not exactly like it 's representative of us as a country in any way .
i mean if that was a canadian kid would you be embarrassed for your country ?
i get it but she admitted in the interview that she pushed around the judge to get him to let her take the state 's evidence to an out-of-state expert who would interpret it any way that she wanted .
then she got the guy off of raping a twelve year old little girl .
to be honest i 'm loving the bonds this season 's created .
it took me a week to prepare for this episode .
who cares about if it 's 'rote ' or 'rot ' .
i have no doubt that the line the card machine is n't working '' will be muttered .
if i thought we 'd break up over it i 'd marry her to keep her happy but it 's not a dealbreaker for either of us .
i 'm happy to be legally bound in the sense that it would protect us both if anything happened to the other etc etc .
i just do n't want to be married and i do n't need the status of it .
not to be too cheesy but every morning i bring her tea in bed it 's a small not legally binding ceremony to me .
i 've found store brand ones that are like quinoa blueberry kale '' or some shit and they have a fair amount of protein .
i never bought a lot of baby food because my baby just was n't interested in purees .
he wanted what we were eating so that 's what he ended up eating .
i think i 've bought 10 jars total and made a few batches on my own but most of it went in the trash .
i 'm thinking of doing something similar with the leftover wood flooring i have .
i think it 'll give a very odd optical illusion effect .
for my student loan you are allowed to make one time payments on credit card up the amount due .
you are also allowed to be on automatic debit payments for the discount .
i have set up for automatic payments so i can get a discount and i make a one time payment with a credit card for the cash back .
i worked out pi by using the surface area/volume of the sun/earth .
i then proceeded to reflect deeply on the choices i have made in life and the fact that i will never get a girlfriend .
the building is not far assuming you have n't walked or flown too far away from it .
is n't she the one from the tv show ?
i keep hearing rumors about cyclists but i 've never seen one !
hah then yeah i think the stun/stagger combined with a critical hit is the best bet .
ca n't find a way to finish the third ending ...
if you are n't willing to abort a baby you did n't plan for and/or ca n't manage you deserve whatever misery comes your way as a result .
while balance is an issue right along with death timers paper towers everybody being able to be relevant by building iceborne gauntlet and/or sunfire cape if you are winning against a pre-made with organization as a group of pure solo the pre-made just played badly .
duo queue at least had the mmr adjustment at the moment there is absolutely no disadvantage for the opponent when you get matched as five individual players against a 3 man queue .
a 9-mana 9/9 is a bad card whatever you do with it .
how can i create a sociopathic protagonist who is dynamic but still remains a sociopath ?
i do n't care if this gets downvoted to hell .
i am sick and tired of coming to this sub and seeing all the hate spewing out of all of you .
it 's like you think someone gives a crap if you stop watching the show .
if you want to stop just stop you do n't have to inform the whole world of reddit that you are stopping .
the people that still want to watch the show can have this sub and actually discuss the show instead of making stupid memes and acting like somehow they could write a better show than the people in charge .
you all truly make me sick and i hope you do all leave so this place can start actually being about the show and not your hate and disgust with the direction it has been taken .
srs bzns is a casual raid group on malygos comprised of players that enjoy shooting the shit while killing bosses in a relaxed environment .
we are currently looking to expand our raid roster to progress into mythics and move forward into legion in the future .
we have no issues gearing up players as most of our core raid team is already in full bis heroic gear .
we only ask that players know their class and perform their roles well .
feel free to reply or send a message to doublehelix 1447 .
item inspect ss albums at bottom of thread exterior check stickers market buyout keys
m4a4 howl field-tested http steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198025777485/inventory 730_2_5671217749 0.16921257972717 http csgo.exchange/item/5671217749 sticker ibuypower holo katowice 2014 http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c ibuypower 28holo 29 7c katowice 2014 sticker faze clan holo mlg columbus 2016 http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c faze clan 28holo 29 7c mlg columbus 2016 360 best placement for howl imo
stattrak™ ssg 08 blood in the water minimal wear http steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198025777485/inventory 730_2_5038190526 0.13976067304611 http csgo.exchange/item/5038190526 sticker ibuypower holo katowice 2014 http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c ibuypower 28holo 29 7c katowice 2014 130
awp graphite factory new http steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198025777485/inventory 730_2_4957144610 0.012929844669998 http csgo.exchange/item/4957144610 sticker ninjas in pyjamas katowice 2014 http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c ninjas in pyjamas 7c katowice 2014 sticker ibuypower holo katowice 2014 http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c ibuypower 28holo 29 7c katowice 2014 120
stattrak™ mac-10 heat battle-scarred http steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198025777485/inventory 730_2_4957139826 0.66240364313126 http csgo.exchange/item/4957139826 sticker titan holo katowice 2014 http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c titan 28holo 29 7c katowice 2014 sticker esl skull foil katowice 2014 http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c esl skull 28foil 29 7c katowice 2014 sticker esl skull foil katowice 2014 http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c esl skull 28foil 29 7c katowice 2014 100 only 3 registered mac-10 's at all registered on exchange with titan holo
stattrak™ pp-bizon cobalt halftone well-worn http steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198025777485/inventory 730_2_4957139692 0.39658278226852 http csgo.exchange/item/4957139692 sticker titan katowice 2014 http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c titan 7c katowice 2014 sticker ninjas in pyjamas holo katowice 2014 http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c ninjas in pyjamas 28holo 29 7c katowice 2014 sticker mousesports holo katowice 2014 http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c mousesports 28holo 29 7c katowice 2014 sticker clan-mystik holo katowice 2014 http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c clan-mystik 28holo 29 7c katowice 2014 35
stattrak™ glock-18 dragon tattoo factory new http steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198025777485/inventory 730_2_4957139007 0.028784152120352 http csgo.exchange/item/4957139007 sticker team envyus holo katowice 2015 http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c team envyus 28holo 29 7c katowice 2015 sticker titan holo katowice 2014 http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c titan 28holo 29 7c katowice 2014 sticker team dignitas holo katowice 2014 http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c team dignitas 28holo 29 7c katowice 2014 sticker ninjas in pyjamas holo katowice 2014 http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c ninjas in pyjamas 28holo 29 7c katowice 2014 100
if you want to offer on something feel free i wo n't bite too hard .
i will not trade for case hardened anything or other katos .
enemy has 4 carries 3 have 170lh in the game .
both of our carries ca n't even get past 80 wtf ? !
why are you putting competent carries all on one side !
ive been playing hut since the end of nhl 2014 and started focusing on it .
since the beginning ive always had this question on my mind .
do i save up season by season and upgrade certain players at a time ?
or as soon as i see that i am close to 17,500 i quick sell anything an everything to get me to the mark .
im asking this question because ive been saving my coins to upgrade my goaltender .
right now i am boasting a stock lundqvist 91 who seems to just not get the bounces that i would like .
i saw the specialty pack and thought to my self well i have n't spent some money in a while .
i purchased 10 of the premium pack for 9 dollars each .
and i spent every last coin on backs til i was below 1000 .
throughout all of those packs i did not pick anyone who sold for more then 1000 .
so i asked myself why did i spend the money and the 50k in the first place when i could be steps away from upgrading my goaltender .
just wanted to get some other opinions on the matter
just wanted to share a picture of the 5t3alm3 http i.imgur.com/c4zo5hg.jpg license plate seen when scouting the port for merryweather heist .
i believe this is telling us to do the second option for trevor the one in paleto bay .
when doing didsomeonesayyoga mission if you fail the yoga part the screen will say michael did not reach enlightenment http i.imgur.com/94r78t3.jpg .
could be a clue for those who use yoga in their testing .
also in delivering the truth mission epsilon member mentions a blue light of truth http i.imgur.com/todozlo.jpg .
reminds me of the cotm image of the blue light .
soz for posting another shitty trade for u rich folks .
i wanted to trade these 3 wildfire cases i got as a donation from deemo ty so mucchh for 15 x 4 cent cases .
this is because wildfire cases are still dropping regularly causing their price to decrease .
b/o 5 x 4 cent cases per wildfire case or 15 x 4 cent cases for all 3
we would like to meet with china to purchase several defense items and to discuss gold .
now concerning gold we would like to begin a trade agreement for a secured amount of 2 billion in gold exported to you yearly for the next twenty years .
this secured amount can be increased if needed but will always be above 2 billion to make sure you are getting sufficient gold for your needs .
this increase in gold exports to you will help you get the many tons of gold that you will need since you 're implementing a gold standard https redd.it/4dj2h7 .
this will require quite a lot of gold that we can supply of course .
to get even more gold we would also like you to build three new mines in the so far undeveloped areas east of trujillo in west central gran colombia .
we predict these mines would cost 1.5 billion to set up and begin mining and perhaps more in the future if you wish to expand them .
they can be owed by you so you decide how much gold you wish to mine from them .
i 'm a student at evc and was admitted to sjsu as a computer engineering major .
i applied to eop through the sjsu application however i missed a deadline to submit recommendation letters .
i 've been told that once i miss this deadline i can not ever apply to eop again and i just do not understand why .
i 'm first generation college student low income and ab540 i 'm the quintessential eop student and it seems extreme harsh that its such a difficult thing to obtain because of a deadline i understand that i should of been on top of it i know it was a big mistake however it seems unfair .
i 'm unsure about the appeal process and if they ever grant appeals anyway .
i am looking for a smartphone as my current one has given me nothing but trouble since i got it on release .
currently have the samsung note 4 and i do not like it at all it overheats constantly and battery will drop 50 in 10 minutes .
i 've tried 2 different phones and a few different battery companies like anker and nothing will fix it .
i 'm on verizon in the u.s. price and operating system do not matter .
i just want a reliable phone with a great screen .
i loved the screen on my note and that was about it .
i 'm trying to develop my deathcore voice '' .
i 've got my metalcore voice '' down and i can do gutterals and squeals but i ca n't get those highs out .
the free trial of teslapunk under 1gb i think has a 1 point achievement for doing the first level of arcade mode .
helpful if your score ends in a 4 or 9 and you want to even it out .
a total of 141 achievement points can be unlocked in the trial maybe more if you want to invest days of time in it
okay so i already used up my free-trial it says to pay 10 for a month of no ads and everything else included now my question is if i do accept it and pay with my credit card when the month is over will they charge me to continue the trial or will it go back to the normal youtube ?
i ask this because i dont want them to take my money with out my consent if thats the case
i 'm putting rmz250 forks on my dr650 and i 'm thinking about getting a rmz250 front wheel since it would be easier than modifying the stock wheel and i can sell the stock wheel and rotor for about 200 more than the rmz wheel would cost .
the rmz wheel is narrower than the dr wheel though so i 'm wondering how that will affect handling ?
i 've also got a set of katana wheels that i 'll use on the street 99 of the time once i get them modified to fit so the dirt wheels would mostly just be used on the dirt .
only part of female clothes.. she is happy she wont fit in anymore
lige nu ser jeg komisær rex på tv2 charlie men jeg tænkte på om i har nogle personlige erfaring med tyske programmer .
i am looking to replace my srs a1 he with accurate and ferocious .
i 'm running with a navy mp5 as my secondary and would like to get away from the bolt action kinda thing .
is it worth it to buy the police mk17 and keep rolling untill i end up with balance or am i better off getting a tenebrae or something of the likes ?
i 'm still waiting for that m1a to drop but until then i would like a decent sniper .
i seemed to have lost around 70 achievment points !
i have recently decided to ditch the cable/satellite providers and am looking for some advice on ota reception with indoor antennas .
my tv fool report is here http www.tvfool.com ? option=com_wrapper itemid=29 q=id 3d5134a40040a4e3
i have tried several different indoor tv antenna options with moderate success .
my main difficulty seems to be in receiving the nbc signal wesh-dt 2.1 .
after doing some research it seems that this channel broadcasts in hi-vhf and the indoor leaf style antennas do not have as great reception on those frequencies as they advertise for the uhf signals eg .
the mohu leaf 30 has a 30 mile range for uhf but only a 10 mile range for vhf .
1 are there any indoor antennas less rabbit ears that are good for both uhf and vhf reception ?
i 've heard this one is possibly a good option
or would i be better off with an amplified antenna ?
the mohu 50 amplified advertises a 20 mile range for vhf but i have concerns with the amplifier blocking out the other channels and possibly interfering with my wi-fi signal as well is that true ?
2 is an outdoor antenna my only choice to get all the channels ?
i have looked into the winegard freevision http www.winegard.com/freevision but i live in a rental house so installing an outdoor antenna is feasible but not ideal .
my main concerns would be grounding the coax and antenna mast because i would have to install on the opposite side of the house from the house service grounding wire near the power meter .
i think this would require me to install a ground rod on that side of the house .
lots of work for one channel but maybe that is just the sacrifice for cord cutting ha ha .
there are some tall trees and houses near me which could interfere with reception but i seem to have great luck with abc cbs fox pbs but the nbc station i can not seem to lock in .
all of the antennas seem to be the in same general area so i think it must have to do with the vhf signal but maybe i am wrong .
so it 'll take 104 weapon stones and 280 memory fragments 380 if i want to get it back to 100/100 durability to take a liverto from 0 to 15 via forcing .
charts and numbers have shown though that the average amount of weapon stones it takes to get a weapon from 0 to 15 is 66 stones .
obviously mileage may vary and i could get it under that or way over .
so i 'm asking you all what do you think is the best way to enhance a liverto and why ?
she was mad the other day and she told me later i am mad at you but i still love you '' .
jamie here with www.mittenvapors.com first and foremost from all of us here at mitten we want to say thank you for all your continued support !
now available to everyone for a couple days head over to www.mittenvapors.com and use code platinum '' upon checkout for 60 off all mitten vapors brand e-liquid excludes already discounted items and combo packs use the same code platinum '' to get 60 off of our premium brand prsm https www.mittenvapors.com/prsm in this sale we are going back to our roots and truly hooking some people up !
ill be throwing things into orders at random like rx200 's dripboxs neboxs rdas crowns rafales .
hats t-shirts stickers and randomly upgrading and doubling orders !
as vapers we all need to do our part in advocacy .
that being said id like each of you to give phil busardo 's recent rant https www.facebook.com/phil.busardo/posts/10208062026483918 a read and simply comment thanks phil '' and if youd like add what you would like to see changed in our industry !
this is an important giveaway to me so were going to make it a big one !
2 people are going to get an rx200 2 people are going to get kanger dripboxes 2 people are going to get uwell crown tanks 2 people are going to get uwell rafale tanks and 2 people are going to get the full line of prsm https www.mittenvapors.com/prsm premium e-liquid in 30ml bottles this giveaway is for us and international customers as well and winners will be posted on 4-13-16
so if you played north african nation you should know that they basically became angry vikings raiding east and west and nothing can be done against that .
i personnally think it 's a bit op since it make gold management a joke but hey it 's fun it gives you something to do while at peace .
so you set your ships to go on each and every sea tile in the mediterranean and you check when the button can be clicked .
anyway when you raid a coast there 's a province modifier preventing you to raid that coast for some time so instead of just either manually checking every coast or just checking when the button can be clicked would n't be easier to add a mapmode allowing us to see raided coast ?
edit actually now that i 've given it thought it would be better to have a mission that allow your fleet to go pillage each possible province once they 're up !
i 've been reading bob nystrom 's game programming patterns http gameprogrammingpatterns.com recently .
it 's a great book and anyone interested in game development should definitely read it .
it 's free to read online and if you want to support the author you can buy various hard or electronic copies .
i 've mostly been programming in libgdx recently and i thought about trying to implement something similar to bob 's component pattern http gameprogrammingpatterns.com/component.html in order to decouple physics graphics input etc .
however this is at odds with certain techniques i learned when i first started game programming .
the way i learned it i essentially do all my game 's calculations first then i draw to the screen .
for example say i have two objects in the game .
'dt ' is the number of milliseconds since the last update
however the book 's example use of the component pattern would make my 'object1 ' and 'object2 ' classes something like this
which means that my game loop would look more like
'dt ' is the number of milliseconds since the last update
which if you were to 'unpack ' so to speak would look more like a rearrangement of the first game loop
'dt ' is the number of milliseconds since the last update
is it alright to do some calculations then some rendering then further calculations ?
what 's the best bluegem karambit ch that i could get for these 2 ?
the karambit is around 91 blue and the falchion is high 90 's .
i was jungling earlier today and was looking at my blue .
it was unwarded and we otherwise did n't have vision of it .
but i saw a little nub that was one of illaoi 's inactive tentacles just outside of my blue buff .
and then i see it spring to life and start hitting shit .
lo and behold when i arrive at the camp illaoi is there tryin to steal my shit .
i 'm not an expert or anything but i 'm pretty sure thats not how thats supposed to work .
for a quite a while i have been thinking to start playing dayz .
could anyone give an advice on a good server to start with ?
how to connect do i need to download the game first or i can download a fame client from server site e.t.c the questions probably will look stupid for some of you but i think it is easier to adress the community thas have real insights .
right so up for trade is my pride and joy st ak ch .
so firstly the pattern it is the only st ak case harden 's in the all gold pattern 219 in the world as shown on csgo exchange .
it is also thought to many as the best all gold ak ch pattern you can get looks amazing and very unique .
there are only 4 or 5 st ak ch 's with the titan and ibp holo combo in the world .
b/o 680 pure keys or items mainly looking for dlores or howls very open to offers as i know to some this is a high price however im in no rush to sell it .
hey i 'm andre 24 m looking to have some fun on cam but i would be very open to anything women only .
i 'd love to chat hang out and more .
let me know what you are interested in and i 'll answer any questions .
and of course feel free to just pm me or message me on skype amiller_92 .
for more pics let me know if you are interested
started reading the power of habit http www.amazon.com/the-power-habit-what-business/dp/081298160x ... well listening to the audiobook .
the reddit app just popped on the play store and you get 3 months of gold if you download it and login .
i just like free stuff and you guys should get free stuff .
i 'm gon na be calling the bank today when they open but i am just wondering if any of you have had this problem or know what could be going on .
tried making a debit purchase last night online and it kept getting denied .
so i called the merchant and they said my card had insufficient funds .
because i knew i just deposited a large check 2 days ago .
so i logged onto my bank account and sure enough i am 200 bucks in the hole !
i look at my register and it shows me having 1000 in the bank one second and then all of a sudden on the next line i 'm in the negative .
there are no transactions there that would make me go under or even be at less than 1000 for that matter .
edit sorry for the confusion i meant to say i deposited the check not cashed !
b/o is a butterfly slaughter or fade do n't really care what it looks like but i 'd prefer a lower float to get my full 95k .
feel free to send me an offer or add me to negotiate
additionally if i have divine smite or one of the scag cantrips or just any on-hit effect does it only apply to the first attack or all of the attacks ?
he clearly does not have a good attitude he lets the club down many times with his behavior .
even when he plays his 10 games every season he 's pretty much average for most of them .
the obsession with wilshere-worship by arsenal fans reflect on a young generation that value no discipline responsibility and integrity .
it is perpetuated by a brain-melting popular culture with short attention span and a keeness for misbehavior .
even if he was not injury prone i highly doubt he could make a great career with his lifestyle that is not compatible with a top class athlete anymore .
here 's mine everything is the from the basement version
hi i 'm curious if people are being asked to donate leftover blood other tissue for research .
i 'm doing a story on it and like to learn about people 's experiences .
i only ask because the coin boxes keep filling and they look like they have a limit .
am i the only one that recieves really good fps on op first light ?
i got stable 80 fps but on other maps it goes down to 40 fps .
is it just more optimized than the other maps ?
i hope we can make this subreddit a popular one .
try not to repost too often but i 'm not going to be a repost nazi and shun you from ever posting again since often times it is just by accident .
try to keep the format of postings the same .
as adorable as the video of your pet golden retriever greeting you at your door when you get home i would n't really say it is chasing you . ''
comments are acceptable of course but do n't be an asshole .
example that 's not a fucking western african yellow spotted 12 toed cheetah !
that 's an east african green stripped 10 toed .
did you even go to obscure animal school or were you too busy being a fucking idiot ? ! ''
i do n't want my director to walk by my office and see me watching a gif of a komodo dragon taking a bite out of a unfortunate guys leg .
i 'll wait until i get home to see that .
lastly since this is such a new subreddit voice your opinions .
what do you guys want to see with this subreddit ?
reddit robin if you do n't know was a social experiment released by reddit for april fools .
for those that do n't know it is a web based chat where when you start you join a channel with one other user .
every period you have a choice to vote abandon '' stay '' or grow '' or you can abstain from voting all together .
if the majority vote abandon '' then all users are kicked off and the channel is terminated .
if the majority vote stay '' then all the users are also kicked off but a private subreddit is created and all the users who voted stay are added into it .
if the majority vote grow '' then they will be merged in with another channel .
anyone who did n't vote will have their vote assumed as abandon .
anyone who voted differently from the majority will be treated likewise .
if your vote is abandon '' then you will be kicked out of chat at the end of the round .
finally the experiment is poised to close on the 8th april at what time we do n't know .
now as for merging we first assumed it was with other similar sized channels but we came to realize that it was actually based on number of mergers .
a channel with users on their 5th merge can only merge with another tier 5 channel .
this limited the speed at which groups could merge meaning high tier groups have to wait hours to days for another same-tier group to form .
the first problem was that votes did n't persist on each check so users devised a simple client side script that autovoted and kept the channels alive .
we also realised quickly that the larger the channel the increase in spam and shit posting .
well.. we found a way around the spam and shitposting .
that simple autovoter script evolved to deal with the spam problem along with adding a massive host of new features .
this essentially turned the single chat room into a full blown multi channel chat system akin to irc .
many devs and contributors have been working day and night pushing features into multiple scripts to make things more usable and enjoyable .
we are in the tier 16 group sokukune '' the highest active tier and the highest known we have nearly 3000 users at the current moment and we are very close to the tier 17 merge .
for the merge to happen we need two tier 16 which meant 4 tier 15 8 tier 14 16.. 32 .
64.. 128 ... . ect rooms to have existed with the majority of the users in every room to vote grow .
right now a cascade is happening we are only a couple of hours away from the big tier 17 merge .
this will hopefully make a 7000 user channel the perfect way to end this experiment .
the amount of time and effort that has been put into making a silly little experiment into so much more has been amazing and the dedication of the users to try and reach the high score in terms of user count has bought us all together .
we got to communicate and befriend many other users and we have loved what it has become .
currently there is a thread keep update on the great cascade which can be found here https www.reddit.com/r/robintracking/comments/4ds03u/happening_status_its_the_great_cascade_livethread .
it has multiple streams from the perspective of different channels .
we are looking at 2.5 hours from the time of this post to make it to tier 17 .
we hope that reddit devs will find a way to incorporate many features of robin somehow into reddit itself it would make a great subreddit chat system and vastly expand the social aspect of reddit itself .
looking to top off our long term framily membership .
25 per month unlimited calls and text 1gb data or upgrade to 3gb or unlimited .
long story short i had all i felt i needed and i knew this was going to be the one i was going to last forever .
long story short i went night fishing smashed it but got complacent ending up running home then freezing to death half way .
i do n't really need to much help with the games mechanics or environment but i do need help with just jumping back in and starting over after all that effort all those jerry cans i had lined up wasted along with the other half tonne of crap i 'd hoarded .
what i 'm basically asking is has anyone got any pointers for just jumping back into the wilderness with nothing after a long playthrough ending in a bad way ? ?
i need some help with a basic mixdown of a pop track .
i might be adding electric guitar to this song .
sending of first minute of audio as proof of work done/quality
we can talk more about the track upon confirmation .
i need the track by monday 11th april 8am gmt 8 .
payment will be us 50 through a paypal invoice .
please let me know if you have any further questions
wife has a 2014 car still has time left on her financing .
our needs have changed and we might need a larger car soon .
how does it work to trade/sell that car and get a new one ?
i know we will probably take a hit but never done it so i 'm not sure how it works
for anyone that needed virtualbox on the preview builds but had issues with v5.0.16 crashing upon opening the latest nightly build of virtualbox works great so far .
make sure you do not have hyper v installed or it will bsod when you start your vm .
seized the opportunity to shift end game from farming mats back to actually playing well farming named bosses but we 'll enjoy it and can get back to progressing by actually playing the game with various routes to do so .
best not hear one peep about well it 'll probably be all lvl 30s '' .
hackusations aside and all that i 'm an average player but since werner has closed down i 'm finding the game a lot less enjoyable .
it coincided with a networking patch as well so maybe dbg broke something .
thing is whether it 's lagwizards or a terrible server i 'm personally feeling that infantry combat is nowhere close to how i felt it was .
whether they are from near the server or far away .
here is my short review on blue dot vapors entire line and key west .
after hearing a lot about their juices on this sub i decided to give them a shot .
before i begin i would like to mention some previous flavors that i have loved so you can have an idea for what i like .
i 've always been a big fan of fruity vapes and that 's why placid and cayuga adirondack have always been on the top of my list of favorites .
i 've personally never been a huge fan of custard vapes but i have tried a few that i have liked in the past .
a few favorites would be saratoga adirondack and i love cookies mad hatter .
i will keep the review short and to the point .
i will name the top three dominate flavor profiles i tasted and a brief write up .
this vape was my favorite of all their juices .
menthol has never been one of my favorites but this juice actually was n't bad .
the vape was very refreshing and the berry pairs well with the menthol .
wow tastes exactly like coffee with a little bit of cream .
i have always hated the taste of coffee so this is n't for me .
if you love coffee give this one a try .
defiantly a heavier on the orange than cream for an orange cream sickle .
excited to try this one once it has steeped .
i 've tried many cinnamon toast crunch '' vapes and this is the closest to the real thing thus far .
three top flavors – mix of fruit mellow citrus hint of milk
aneto from adirondack has always been that trix cereal vape that i thought was spot on .
this one is a different take on it as it is has a much more fruity profile .
this one really had a distinct tea flavor to it .
it was n't overpowering and the peach completes the juice perfectly .
much mellower flavor profile compared to most of their juices .
the dirt flavor was n't very noticeable but is slightly present .
top three flavors – candy lemon tart very small cream accent
i 'm at the edge of just liking it and loving it .
the custard mix is wonderful but the fruit flavor is a little strange to me .
this was a slap in the face of melons .
i did enjoy this vape but it 's just a little too heavy on the melon .
reminds me of the crisp and refreshing taste you get when eating a delicious apple without the apple .
for some reason it 's something i think should n't be vaped but eaten .
this flavor actually was n't half bad and i would vape it on an occasion .
i found this one much worse tasting than the blue greek yogurt thought .
the apple mixes well and there is a hint of cream .
this vape was decent but never really had me coming back for more .
i get a really fresh raspberry and pomegranate flavor .
i 'm not to fond of pomegranates but this vape did it right .
maybe some steeping will bring out its true flavors .
to me it tastes like straight up toothpaste with a very light hint of fruit and cream .
although the claim it has orange i get more of a strawberry flavor .
the cream and vanilla are very rich and too much for my liking .
the honey/honeysuckle flavor is pretty enjoyable but i get an unwelcoming undernote of a floral toothpaste .
i 've tried a few similar juices in the past and this is one of the best i 've tried .
pretty much spot on but not my favorite mix for my pallet so i did n't love it .
was looking forward to this flavor as one of my favorite saratoga has a prevenient gram cracker flavor .
the pineapple and mango are very nice but i get gross toothpaste/cough medicine flavor along with it .
wishing the medicine taste and floral would be non-existent as this would be very good .
keylime pie has always been a favorite of mine .
the lime is fresh and is complimented with a crust flavor .
the crust is lighter than the lime but it works well .
the juice was a little harsher on the throat than many .
really want to try the other three pre-steeped juices but moneys a little tight right now and i have over 20 flavors xd
are there any car share services like evo or car to go that have drop points in squamish ?
ok i know this sounds crazy but here is what happened .
so it was the first day of my spring break last friday and i do n't have many friends to hang out with .
the few friends i do have are really not good for me because they do drugs which i 'm trying very hard to stop and they use me .
so basically because i do not have anything productive or stimulating to do so i become bored and do stupid things .
i have done things such as steal get high get drunk and now smash my hand with a hammer all out of pure boredom .
i did n't do this for attention as i truly hate when i am the center of attention for anything .
i told my therapist about it and she said that she was concerned about me .
but i feel as if it is not very concerning since i do n't want to kill myself .
so my question is do you ever get bored enough to do stupid stuff like this and can my therapist send me to a psych hospital because of this ?
can someone see i visited their profile if i was in incognito mode ! ?
i assumed no and did a bunch of lurking without realizing invisible is a different thing .
i even had signed up for a-list and did n't realize there was a separate box to click .
with these changes i feel like every item has either cdr or mana which are stats that rumble hates.i think that hextech belt would be good on him bit i do n't know if having 10 cdr would negatively affect him much
it 's a nation-wide test required to get your educator 's license .
i am finishing my master 's degree and this was one of the last requirements before graduation next month ! ! ! ! .
and i have a job interview lined up for next week .
it 's a part-time job that would likely help us avoid day care since my husband only works half of the weekdays and some weekends .
league of legends to me is a game about competing at the highest level .
it 's a way for me to vent my competitive spirit and meet new people .
league has always been a game that i have taken very seriously .
back in season 4 and early season 5 i played on a couple different competitive ranked 5 's teams .
they were both an amazing experience that grew me as a player and as a person .
but over time both teams fell apart due to a lack of activity and changing life commitments .
but i 'm back and ready to get back into competitive league .
tl dr played on some ranked teams in the last couple seasons and want to again .
because hopefully you 'll find a small community of players who want to take the game as seriously as you do .
i marked this team as semi-serious simply because i know the reality that we wo n't be able to play league every night and we have real life commitments .
but when we do play i know we 'll play our best every game .
if you decide to apply to join my team here 's what i expect of you
you must be able to communicate well and not be afraid of voicing your concerns or complaints .
you must be able and confident talking to your teammates in game .
the reality of the situation is that we are inconsistent .
but you must be mature enough to shake a loss streak off and not get frustrated at teammates .
you have to be able to commit to playing at least 3-4 hours of league a week .
i realize that 's a hard commitment for those of you doing school/work full time but i think it 's reasonable .
there are some baseline requirements that you must be able to meet that i will outline in the next section .
tl dr have a mic and do n't be scared to talk do n't be toxic be able to play league for an hour 4 nights of the week .
i do n't plan to just accept everyone who applies .
i 'm looking for players i can connect with and want to play with .
if you want to join the team there is a two step process .
first leave a comment in this thread with the following information
main role and main champion if you have a main champion
you can also write a paragraph about yourself if you want but it 's not required .
then i 'll pm you an invite to my discord server and play some normals with you .
if i like you and think you 'd be a good addition to the team you 're in .
i 'm looking for 10 players in total counting myself .
i play support so that means i 'm looking for two top laners two junglers two mid laners two adcs and another support .
i do n't just want this to be a team i want it to be a small community of like minded players .
i am also looking for a co-leader so if that interests you pm me with some additional information along with leaving a comment in this thread with the other details to apply .
what qualifies you to be a good co-leader go in depth be articulate
tl dr i 'm looking for a decent amount of players .
so do n't be scared to apply there 's probably a spot for you on this team !
thank you for taking a look at my thread !
i 'm really hoping i 'll be able to find the right players for my team and perhaps your team too .
tl dr starting a new team read the thread pl0x .
the nz drug harm index for 2016 was released today and i have summarised most of the findings related to cannabis below
the total estimated social harm of cannabanoids was 1.282 billion .
for our purposes the total cost of illicit drug use can be considered to have three components
the harms that descend upon an individual as a consequence of their drug use which will comprise physical health psychological wellbeing and personal wealth .
the cost of crime attributable to drug use injury to others the various harms to family and friends and a reduced tax base 720.3m cannabanoids
the cost of intervention − interventions occur as a result of attempts to address the harms associated with illicit drug use and include health education and law enforcement .
27,440kg of cannabanoids are consumed annually with an average of 100g per user
money spent on cannabanoids is 568.8m of which 70.4m is estimated to be criminal profit
214.1m worth of taxes are n't collected due to cannabanoid related spending
cannabis was found to be the third lowest cause of social harm 2100 per user per annum just below pharmaceutical stimulants 2200 per user per annum
be as specific as possible and include specific games or programs you will be using .
note beyond a week or two from today means any build you receive will be out of date when you want to buy .
what exactly do you need included in the budget ?
just the pc components and case three monitors preferably higher than 1080p but not necessarily 4k
which country and state/province will you be purchasing the parts in ?
if you 're in us do you have access to a microcenter location ?
if reusing any parts including monitor s keyboard/mouse/etc what parts will you be reusing ?
if yes are you interested in overclocking right away or down the line ?
are there any specific features or items you want/need in the build ?
ex ssd large amount of storage or a raid setup cuda or opencl support etc
i 'd like a minimum of 2 2tb hdds or sshds and at least one ssd for os and a development tools
do you have any specific case preferences size like itx/microatx/mid-tower/full-tower styles colors window or not led lighting etc or a particular color theme preference for the components ?
do you need a copy of windows included in the budget ?
if you do need one included do you have a preference ?
i plan on having three monitors i 'd prefer over 1080p but this is not necessary .
i 'd like all three monitors to be the same please and they must be vesa mount compatible .
i 'm considering taking chinese i next semester because i love language especially east asian !
but i 'm nervous because i 'll be a total beginner .
what is your experience in the classroom did the teacher ever make you feel embarrassed in a bad way ? .
any recommendations where i can get a head start ?
i have only seen rectangular pies and the only examples i have seen of circular sicilian pizza look like garbage cafeteria pizza before it 's cut .
i 'm a moderator over at r/vrreactions and we would love to have fresh videos !
most of the videos there currently are from the development kits but we would definitely enjoy seeing newcomers reacting™ to awesome consumer virtual reality for the first time .
i feel i 'm trying to do something impossible by trying to reinvent the legal wheel knowing nothing about law .
not keeping it vague like in harry potter where the laws only exist when they 're relevant .
she 's always talked a lot about herself and detail after detail of her life .
i always thought it was just a weird personality trait .
i 've been working on gray rock and did pretty good on the phone the other day but i noticed she cut me listing my boring details off to interrupt with her stories and then just forgot i had ever been talking .
the highlight of the conversation was when i said we 'd had unseasonably warm weather so i happily said i 'd worn shorts with a tank top already this year and she got really excited and asked if i had actually worn that out of the house what other people where wearing implying they were all staring at me and laughing internally .
i figured weather was a safe topic but wow that needs to be navigated carefully .
i was pretty good about not reacting emotionally or adding more information for her to dig at me with and she went back to her stories pretty quick .
what 's up with her interrupting my boring details with hers ?
i 'd never noticed that before but i remember dinner guests mentioning that between my mom and sister no one actually gets a chance to talk .
it 's hard to remember every conversation clearly but i think nmom only pays attention to be if im happy to put a stop to that happiness asap or upset in which case she 'll act in many different ways .
nope she wants to talk about her boring day .
shes not dramatic at all like ns are supposed to be just literally and hour straight of detailed stories and me saying oh ? ''
is that just a personal quirk or an n trait ?
my sister does it too and shes kinda fleas but definitely not an n
i 'm currently in the process of setting my 1.4 hdk up .
i have had it all of 3 hours but have run into an issue i 'm having trouble not accounting to a sudden hardware failure ...
i 've managed to get it working i have been able to see my desktop and the palace demo worked .
i almost had steamvr set up as well the compositor was showing fine .
all of a sudden it appears to have gone completely black .
the display is recognised in my display settings and i 've confirmed that there is power going to it the ir leds are clearly blinking .
the osvr server seems to launch fine however as soon as i place the hdk within visibility of the camera i get this message
warning have received several video tracker reports without receiving one from the imu which should n't happen .
please try disconnecting/reconnecting and restarting the server and if this re-occurs double-check your configuration files .
if i disconnect the beltbox from the pc and then reconnect i get a usb malfunction error as soon as i insert the usb connection the usb being the last thing i plug in .
i 'm loathed to say that this is a hardware fault but i 'm running out of things to try and do to solve the issue .
if anyone has any ideas i would be hugely grateful .
edit i know there is a 30 day returns policy is anyone aware if that 's valid if i dismantle it ?
tl dr grad student who hit a bunch of roadblocks doing research that 's prevented me from getting data not for lack of trying but for lack of guidance .
sorry for the long post thanks to anyone who reads this !
i started graduate school almost two years ago after finishing my bachelor 's degree .
i was approached by my current supervisor asking if i would consider a project with his group .
after some emails back and forth i was wooed by the promises of publications and a support system and accepted the offer .
i was thrilled about the nature of the project i was given since it is more uncommon to be able to merge my two areas of interest .
i was approached for this project because i do n't have the typical background most other students have but my unique skillset brings something new to his group .
i was hoping i would be known for adding this niche to the group .
he does n't know much about this kind of work and i have another supervisor for this area of research .
when i started i was warned several times about how this area of research is very repetitive and full of failure but you have to just keep carrying on and constantly keep troubleshooting .
i would always reply that i understood and i was used to that type of work in fact i liked that problem solving aspect of it .
i came in knowing close to nothing in one area so i knew i had a lot to catch up on in the first few terms .
but he also knew this and had asked me to come on knowing this .
the beginning of my project revolved around a few things that caused a pretty big delay .
first we needed money then a piece of equipment that i needed to start had to be ordered .
long story short it took just over a year for it to come in and be set up when i 'm only here for two years .
he would joke that he took me on too early .
of course you would assume that a brand new piece of equipment would come working so it took some time to realize that it was n't me doing something wrong .
i was left to hook up and set up this new equipment alone with nothing but a poorly written manual absolutely useless customer support and zero support from my supervisor .
i finally gave up in february accepted that part of it wo n't work and decided to try to go ahead with this half working system .
if the whole thing had to go back for repairs it would n't be back until it was way too late for me .
all of these drawbacks equipment not working or not here split work between two supervisors troubleshooting what i am working on leaves me with no data yet with four months left of my degree .
my supervisor 's biggest concern is students pumping out data for publication .
since i do n't have any this is a big issue for him .
as long as his students are getting data he 'll do everything else for them writing papers data analysis etc .
the other students in the lab have projects with established methods that his students through the years have always been working on .
basically previous students have been here to show the next set of students what to do .
there used to be a research assistant who essentially ran the lab and was the one to offer guidance but is now working for another lab .
she made sure all of the equipment was in working order trained people to use it and was like a manager '' while he wrote manuscripts .
since my project was brand new i had none of that and have been left to fend for myself .
while doing my own experiments albeit slower than someone who already had experience i 've run into several problems as i 've been promised .
i keep managing to work through them but of course new issues will then pop up and the cycle starts again .
the grad students are left to figure it out for themselves .
when something stalls i would get emails stating that i have n't done something yet or i 'm not progressing .
never has there been a question of i see you 're stalled how can i help you ? ''
the immediate assumption is that i 'm not trying .
i 'm at the point of being so close to gathering data but hit one last road block that i have n't figured out yet and not for lack of trying ! .
unfortunately all that 's seen is no data yet and i 'm lectured again on my lack of effort .
it 's come down to being completely shafted at our group meetings he wo n't bother to ask how my things are coming passive aggressive emails about how it 's been x days and you do n't have data yet being told that i 'll be defending in june when the term ends in august 2 months early for no reason .
any direct questions i ask in person result in a long off topic tangent and over email are just ignored .
i 've been prevented from progressing because he would n't send me a file i needed or show me a method for data analysis again despite lack of asking .
the only reason i learned was because another student needed to know who is a higher priority and i tagged along .
my project has even been changed 3 times with other projects that have fallen through to the point where my other supervisor emailed me separately to ask if i was alright with the changes .
long story short it 's come full circle and i am continuing with the original one i signed up for .
sorry for the rant i 'm a little scattered right now after the last passive aggressive email outlining how much all of the sophisticated '' equipment costs both of which are not working properly and how grad students need to put in the effort .
there are even more ways i 've been at the bottom of the priority list preventing me from doing work but i think this paints the picture .
i replied to his last angry email explaining how i have been working and what i 've been working on .
i said my lack of data does n't mean i have a lack of effort .
i ended it on a high note saying i 'm enjoying what i 'm working on and the work has been challenging but rewarding .
he 's hardly ever on campus except maybe two days a week plus a few hours for a meeting .
i work from home when i can because it 's more comfortable and when he 's there he talks for hours and prevents anyone from getting anything done .
but when you 're not in the lab you 're obviously not doing work .
i still need him as a reference for future applications it looks bad if my supervisor ca n't be used .
how do i respond to this while maintaining a professional relationship ?
is there any way to salvage a reference letter from this ?
i am a first time chicken owner and we picked up our dozen chicks we ordered which actually turned out to be 15 this morning .
i have the brooder and everything set up.. and being an it guy by trade among other things they now have their very own chicken-cam .
i actually set it up so friends back in the city can see what i am up to these days here in the middle of nowhere and since we both work during the day i can keep an eye on the girls when we are away .
i work in radio so they may all become famous yet
can anyone give an opinion as to how represent denim fits ?
i am a bit of a bigger guy i wear stretch skinny top man jeans usually but i wanted to get some better quality denim i do n't want to get them if they do n't fit nice ?
ok so i do n't know what the fashion meta '' is or whatever i do n't know what chinos are and i refuse to learn .
and i feel like cowboy boots in general are a huge faux pas but i have n't taken good advice in 26 years and i 'm not about to start now .
and i wo n't be wearing them at the same time as my ten-gallon hat so it 's cool .
ankle height or at least not way up to my knee .
no fucking little skull/eagle/bullet charms or chains or fucking cowboy shit jfc are you kidding me http www.amazon.com/cowboy-leather-bullet-gusset-western-03/dp/b0147kqvro/ref=sr_1_19 ? ie=utf8 qid=1459996425 sr=8-19 keywords=mens+ankle+cowboy+boots
that last one is a big one for me .
i 've found a few on amazon but they 're all like 30 and appear to be manufactured to last about as long as the purchaser 's infatuation with them before realizing they 're not a fucking cowboy and they look ridiculous .
this http www.amazon.com/cowboy-country-inspired-biker-leather-pointed/dp/b00fsseccg/ref=pd_sim_sbs_309_5 ? ie=utf8 dpid=41z3qgj 2bjvl dpsrc=sims prest=_ac_ul160_sr160 2c160 refrid=1rqwz3tpp53t0m8cmc2v would be great if it were n't a. zippered and b. obviously shitty .
i now have at least 56000000 experience points in the constitution skill .
i 've been wanting to start a band for a while and seeing if any of you guys are interested in the idea .
i 'm in the providence area and i play guitar .
if the band idea fails it would be cool to have people to jam with with and exchange ideas .
ok before you say they added a significant amount of reserve ammo to them thats something '' ok you 're technically correct .
however that 's a pve fix that changes nothing other than the amount of bullets you get .
extra bullets are great though especially since they did n't fix the obvious problem of phantom bullets so you will need those extra shots .
if bungie wants their players to use all weapon types then they need to make them all viable options .
i personally used to love hand cannons in crucible and i used them more than anything but now they 're almost unusable to me .
there is nothing more frustrating than getting your opponent down to a sliver of health and you ca n't seal the deal because your last 2 shots turn out to be phantom '' bullets .
for the record i 'm talking about legendary hc 's not exotics .
i hate the fact that i ca n't use my favorite weapon type in crucible because they 're outclassed by pretty much everything .
i 've been using mida lately because it 's crazy good and dare i say op ?
doctrine with counterbalance is my other go-to but i honestly feel cheap when using think thorn lol it because it 's so damn powerful even from absurd ranges .
tl dr bungie messed hc 's up and they have phantom '' bullets now .
it 's hard to be competitive with legendary hc 's .
weapons like dop and mida are superior so use them if you want to win most gunfights .
if you wan na be my lover you got ta get with my friends .
i recently bought a 1tb hdd a corsair spec 01 case and all peripherals .
my plan for the rest of my build was a 6600k and a gtx 970/r9 390 .
i only have 800 dollars left-can anyone assemble a build with those gpus and that cpu for 800 ?
i 'm on a budget so i prefer decks that are weird yet fun .
at my lgs during a soi prerelease the owner was discussing a fun deck generating tons of clues and thopters to tap for aether grid and ping people to death .
myself and a friend were both excited at the idea so i decided to give it a go .
i 'm wondering if u/r is the best combination for this type of deck .
green and white have a lot of good investigate cards .
i was recently in a very tough relationship with a girl i loved very much .
from the start the entirety was really messed up .
i 'm highschool i 'm two years older we hooked up a little bit but i was a stupid cocky senior at the time and decided to move on when i met another girl .
come my summer going into junior year and i reach out we date fall in love etc .
about a year in i was being a bit neglectful and she cheated kissed another guy .
this was devastated but it made me realize how much i love her .
anyways we continue dating and i become extremely overprotective .
we continue talking for over a year and she avoids every conversation about relationship .
keep in mind that while we are talking we 're each others best friends undoubtedly and it pretty much felt like we were in a relationship .
anyways i found out she had been getting with random people at school we were n't together but it was absolutely devastating .
i told her i could n't sit around and be her best friend anymore she still believes we have a future together lol but she avoids every conversation .
obviously she has some issues regarding this but she 'll avoid me just to not talk about it .
now i 'm not talking to her because i 'm tired of this bullshit and i feel incredibly alone .
my good friend came and visited me and whilst surrounded by him and my two roommates whom i am close with i started tearing because of how alone and depressed i am .
i am doing a poison bladeffal miner and i can get fatal toxic but i wanted to see if is worth or any good opinions ?
for a while we pretended that we never had to end it but we knew we 'd have to say goodbye .
i know i should n't tell you but i just ca n't stop thinking of you .
every night i almost called you just to say it always will be you .
so why ca n't i stop feeling this way ?
my fav video of his is the ikari warriors video .
fellow motorcyclists where are your favorite rides in the metro area ?
looking for new places to explore now that the weather 's warming up !
it was closer and harder than i might have really liked but in the end a win is a win and at this point there is no complaining .
if the bulls and wizards lose one more game or the pistons win one more game they are in the playoffs .
but just to be clear of something even if they were to miss it as disappointing as it would be this season is already a success .
reggie jackson dude knows how to turn it on late in the game .
he struggled early on but found a groove late in the game and after assisted by hitting quite a few late game free throws he ended the game with 24 points on 23 equivalents and 4 assists with 3 turnovers .
his defense was at times shaky as usual but as is also usual in big games he managed to turn it on for enough possessions to make some really good defensive plays to come out as a net neutral and maybe even a positive .
i say maybe just because it is so hard to judge defense without going back and re-watching all of the game watching just that one guy .
he truly did have some clutch baskets and he played hero ball at the end but with andre out of the game it was really his only choice .
when svg pulls andre late in the game he is essentially betting the game on reggie playing successful hero ball .
so while it was not a awesome performance for reggie i would say it was a great one because in the end when it mattered most he turned up and got the job done .
also just in case you were on this wagon the pistons would not be better with a real '' pg .
there are maybe 5 teams that would definitely not swap their pg for reggie .
kcp bounced back with his occasional oh but i might be really good '' game which even though it is still fools gold it is still welcome .
he found a groove in the second and third quarters and got some very important buckets .
his defense on oladipo was not actually as stifling as i had expected but that is simply because it was not pure brilliance he was still very good .
once again this is more a comment on how good he is most of the time .
his 18 points on just 11 equivalents was both welcome and needed .
tobias harris not as big a game as i would have hoped with him returning to his old team 's arena .
but 13 points on 11 equivalents 7 boards and a couple assists is not a bad line .
and as per usual with him many of those points were of the very difficult '' variety that are huge for the pistons .
also he could have probably scored more but he was matched up against smaller dudes several times and ended up throwing the right pass to start ball movement in response to a double team .
greater morris does appear to have cooled off from his super hot stretch but he at least managed to not be horrible so he is greater morris again .
9 points on 13 equivalents is not ideal of course but he did have aron gordon on him for a pretty good portion of the game .
and he did manage 4 assists with 3 turnovers so it was not a totally lost offensive game for morris .
his defense and ball handling with the bench mob was its usual effectiveness and he generally just played pretty good ball .
hopefully he can regain at least some of his hot streak for the playoffs .
andre-mother-fucking-drummond went 3/6 from the line man a promise is a promise so he gets the honors .
13 points on 17 equivalents is kind of ugly but the 16 boards are satisfactory .
also was everywhere defensively making several really good plays on vucevic and also got a poke away steal in crunch time .
even though not exactly a dominating performance it was a pretty good one .
one thing i do n't know for sure how much to blame andre for though is that the magic for the second game against the pistons in a row got a lot of offensive rebounds .
on one hand it did not often seem to be directly due to the fault of andre it is not his job to box out aron gordon but on the other hand andre is supposed to just clean the glass every time .
so i do n't know but it was a problem .
reggie-muther-focking-bullock here are the real honors for the night .
following a stretch of pretty poor play by stanley johnson svg opted for bullock to replace him in the rotation and bullock came up big .
hitting 3 3s to end up with 13 points on 9 shots and also ended up with 6 !
and while he will never be an awesome defender he gets murdered by screens quite a bit he plays hard and will do stuff like the super dope block he had early in the game .
i do n't know for sure how i feel about it being at the expense of stanley but i am fully in favor of bullock getting minutes and even getting them in crunch time and have been pushing to let this dude play all season .
i have thought this before but i do n't know if i have put it down so here it is on record .
if the pistons do n't keep him around reggie bullock is going to end up on the hawks or spurs or maybe even the warriors and he will be awesome .
when he catches the ball he either shoots it passes it or starts dribbling in .
i hope he sticks around for a while and svg does n't pull him from rotation again .
anthony tolliver hit a couple of shots to end with 6 points on 6 equivalents .
played his usual hard if not always effective defense .
did his job tonight and did it pretty well .
steve blake the one shot he hit was a pretty big one .
reggie bullock and tolly both did him a favor by bothering to actually hit a few shots for assists for him .
aron baynes 9 points on 6 equivalents 4 boards .
could not really handle vucevic but that is not really a fair matchup for baynes .
just like tolly nothing crazy just another successful day at the office for aron baynes .
general i 'm a huge fan of reggie bullock playing in the mid 2os minutes .
i 'm not at all a fan of pulling stanley from the rotation all together .
my wife is out of town and i 'm taking the kids out saturday morning for breakfast .
we are looking for the best breakfast burrito in temecula or murrieta .
where do you go when you crave a great breakfast burrito ?
he said nobody knows you like your brother '' a lot and i caught a verse about poison ivy and mama and getting high .
car has been in the shop since the 5th day of owning it took 3 days for them to write a purchase order to tow .
now it 's been sitting at the mechanic of thier choice for over a week and a half now waiting on the finance to go thru before work gets started on it .
car is for my little sister who insisted she wanted a manual transmisson .
she is decent at driving a manual trans not pro but she can get to where she needs to go .
recieved a text stating that we will be responsible for a portion of the repairs .
also getting the run around on contact regarding the status of above mentioned mazda .
manager will call you back he 's out at lunch he 's gone for the day .
sales man is not in the office we show up unnanouced and well look at that he 's here today after all .
i 'm beyond words regarding my level of upset .
i too purchased a truck and if i did n't my sister would n't have a ride to work as she 's using my mom 's car and my mom is using my 2nd truck .
which i ca n't sell until this whole situation is squared away .
what magic words do i need to say to get them to get thier shit together .
if you clicked a link to this page please make sure that you 're on the real r/mcsrep .
double check the username that linked you and make sure it matches the username of this rep thread exactly and is n't just similar .
note that just because you 're reading this does n't mean a scammer did n't include this note in their fake profile to trick you into a false sense of security .
always double check and do n't get tricked or scammed !
is there any advantage to looking for small rifts or are they both the same ?
when i took the cover off of the crankcase the spring that put tension against whatever my index finger is touching flew out and i have no idea how it goes back .
i 've looked at manuals and pictures and stuff but i really do n't know how to put it back .
to be honest i have no idea what the part is even called .
if someone could draw a picture for how it 's supposed to be put back on or point to a manual that shows it i 'll give you gold .
my fiancé and i are thinking of having a wedding band and we really have no idea what we are doing .
so i was wondering what type of questions we should be asking when selecting a band .
neither of us have been to a wedding with a band so we are n't sure what are important aspects in their pitches and what are not .
any game i try to play in theater mode the mouse works but the cursor image '' does n't move making it mostly unplayable anyone else encountered this ?
apologies for those of you still waiting for their vive x
love gss but not familiar which is which in the game .
i got a normal greatsword but its super damn slow .
just tried to click onto r/atheism via my subreddits '' but it seems to have gone missing .
so i do so manually and the button says unsubscribe '' meaning i am in fact subscribed .
i did recently subscribe to a couple of new subreddits does that have something to do with it ?
or has the religious right taken over reddit ? ?
been trying to play for a bit and restarted client and it found an update so it did that .
i get in and oddly get a notification the the new champ select is live .
i then q 'd for aram and a game was found and i clicked accept .
it said noone accepted then gave me a 15 minute dodge penalty saying i 've declined too many games .
however it says i am a starter edition and can not inv people or trade .
discuss this song and what you think about it .
whiskey in the jar is a traditional irish tune .
as i was goin ' over the cork and kerry mountains
i saw captain farrell and his money he was countin '
i first produced my pistol and then produced my rapier
i said stand and deliver oh or the devil he may take ya ''
i took all of his money and it was a pretty penny
i took all of his money yeah and i brought it home to molly
she swore that she 'd love me no never would she leave me
but the devil take that woman yeah for you know she tricked me easy
being drunk and weary i went to molly 's chamber
takin ' money with me but i never knew the danger
for about six or maybe seven in walked captain farrell
i jumped up fired my pistols and i shot him with both barrels
now some men like fishin ' and some men like the fowlin '
and some men like to hear to hear the cannon ball a roarin '
me i like sleepin ' especially in my molly 's chamber
but here i am in prison here i am with a ball and chain
alright i 've tried google but i ca n't really find a fitting solution for my problem .
next week someone is coming to the school i work at and he/she is going to complete a test in front of a crowd and we want the test to be broadcasted on a screen behind him/her with the webcam added on the second screen in the bottom right corner .
is there a way to simply set this up using software ?
i 've tried obs but i 'm kind of lost in it because i ca n't seem to set up local streaming .
i know i can simply duplicate the screen but i do n't want the webcam to show on his/her screen because that 's not optimal and does n't really show professionalism .
to try and make a long story short me and my girlfriend broke up after i took a girl home from a party due to being bored and stressed with the relationship but stopped short of doing anything with her .
she then had a small rendevous with a close close close family friend of mine who is many years older .
we both realized we messed up but after playing with the idea of getting back together she said she cant do it anymore today .
and now im stuck wondering if i want her back because i always have a problem with wanting what i cant have .
i miss many things about her but what she did with my friend hurt .
but at the same time theres so many trivial little things i loved about her .
i never said i loved her after two years until we were broken up and one of the reasons she just said she cant do it anymore is because i dont show any emotion but i believe that is due to me losing my mother at a very young age and having emotional problems which ive told her about .
deep down i do believe i love her and i gave her everything i could .
but the thing that naggs me is at one point i did want out and to see other people .
i wonder if it was something i tried and now only want her ?
or if its something that i would think again months later if we got back together .
tl dr broke up with my girlfriend wonder if i want her back for the right reasons .
whatsapp might be a tiny bit fishy about how it generates each key but is signal still good ?
preferably fiction but i 'll take non-fiction suggestions as well .
i 've read the millennium trilogy by stieg larsson and liked it .
right now i 'm reading the imperfectionists by tom rachman .
for the past month i 've been using my n7 to tether our home wi-fi to my desktop via usb as my dongle finally broke after a few years of usage .
yesterday i updated to 6.0.1 and the usb tether option is gone !
is there any-way to get it back has this happened to anyone else ?
for further clarification there were two duos on the gold team and absolutely no people queued up together .
to make things worse i only waited in queue for a few minutes .
i genuinely do not mind waiting 10 minutes for a game if it means i get put in an evenly matched game .
for the record i am in favor of keeping dynamic queue .
i just think that something needs to change with the current matchmaking system .
it just seems a little absurd that this would occur in gold-plat elo that consists of over 13 of the player population .
just downloaded the game today and it seems cool .
i come from dokkan battle so i 'm used to rerolling in that one .
been manually rerolling so far to try and get a 5 star zelos .
tl dr do either the magnitude or direction of a phonon 's crystal momentum hbar k relate in any consistent or intuitive way to the real momentum imparted by the real object say a scattered neutron or absorbed photon that created that phonon ?
full question i understand the concept of crystal momentum and why it 's necessarily different for quasi-particles such as phonons as compared to the real momentum of real particles .
phonons have relative not absolute coordinates can be folded into the first brillouin zone have selection rules instead of fundamental momentum conservation etc .
my question is this is there any consistent connection between the crystal momentum of a phonon and the amount of real physical momentum that it carries ?
consider this thought experiment small crystal floating in space .
a neutron incident from the left bounces inelastically off the crystal and exits back toward the left .
the inelastic collision created a phonon in the crystal but although the center of momentum of the total crystal is now a little different more to the right the bulk crystal wo n't move because all that momentum is tied up '' in the internally propagating phonon .
now let 's say this happens twice and then those 2 phonons scatter in an umklapp process so the phonons are now moving to the left .
how is the total center of momentum of the crystal still to the right ?
to dig into the guts of the question if you were to add up the vector momentum of every single atom participating in any given phonon would this total net physical momentum correspond to the crystal momentum hbar k of that phonon in either magnitude or direction ?
or is it kind of just random luck of the draw based on how many atoms are a part of that phonon and how fast each atom is moving in what direction etc. ?
what does it take for the momentum exchange of an external neutron absorbed by a phonon to start affecting the bulk motion of the crystal ?
must that phonon scatter off a boundary of the crystal ?
i 've recently started playing and i 've been scanning guides and tutorials for help on this one .
i 'm doing the ship fitting opportunity at the moment but i 've hit a snag .
i ca n't find or afford something to go into the low module .
i 'm grinding away at mining at the moment to earn some isk in the hope i can afford something soon .
am i doing this opportunity correctly or should i be flying off and just exploring ?
i feel like i need to do this opportunity or am i wrong ?
should i just be flying off and moving on ?
s/he is 5 months old and makes a lot of noise like a child learning to play the oboe .
there has been a semi crow one time but nothing in the last week .
all the other chickens light sussex pick on the poor australorp and then there 's the strange flat comb which makes me wonder if it 's even a proper australorp at all ?
so i 'm just getting into this game after buying it months ago and after about 9 hours i compleltely got rid of all threat it the starter area .
lol i cant even remember the name of the guy who owned the area tweek ?
anyways as i was clearing all objectives i watched the map turn light green after which point the game proclaimed you have completely gotten ridden of scrotum in this area !
gratz '' ... i was like awww yis then i was like wait wtf ? !
i might be jumping the gun but does this mean that platinuming this game means that scrotus forces are gone forever and all that you have to look forward to after platinum is driving around in a empty sandbox ?
please let me know about replay value without spoilers if possible .
! ... and just to be clear by replay i mean what happens after you beat the main story .
i realize if worst came to worst i could start over from scratch but that is lame .
looking for good drama movies with well-developed characters and superb acting .
recently i 've been trying my hand at producing some angular 2 tutorials including short focused articles i call whirlwind tours http source.lishman.com/tutorial/marklishman/angular-2-component-tour code walk-throughs http source.lishman.com/tutorial/marklishman/angular-2-todo-app-functionality/display-todos of an application and a more in-depth introduction to angular 2 http source.lishman.com/tutorial/marklishman/learn-angular-2/getting-started .
i would like to ask the reddit community what type of tutorial you usually look for and do any of these styles appeals to you ?
hi folks what 's the thoughts on westvale abbey and declaration in stone in junk ?
the abbey seems easy to flip off of lingering souls and kitchen finks while declaration in stone is giving a maelstrom pulse effect at a much easier cost .
is there a subreddit where it 's easy to get reddit karma ?
aside from sucking up to people to get reddit karma that has gotten tiring it seems you ca n't do some functions on reddit without a high amount of reddit karma like 'lower thread creation posting cooldowns creating subreddit 's more street cred ' and so forth .
or do i have to post random articles in the 'new ' section and hope i strike it rich ?
and one more question is there a job subreddit that does n't ask for your portfolio ?
almost like a anonymous freelance subreddit of sorts sure if you ask for my portfolio i will present it but having to post it up front is a little irritating .
or is there a subreddit where i can just go and dump my portfolio there ?
i am willing to overpay in skins for ft-mw howl !
up for offer p3 bayo fn fn st gut marble tri-color flip stained mw 8 keys others
but no we are probably stuck with this slardar shit for another 2 years or so .
hey maybe this time they will use the test server for ... testing ?
update attempt 4 test server perfect ... upload to live game .
trial and error is not a hard concept but you cant just push a broken updates to the live game .
how many na 's '' are on this thing ! ? ''
because auto correct is really really bad in a pc environment .
if you miss-click a touch screen that 's one thing but bad spelling is another .
you would n't begin to imagine how receptive the human brain is to being lazy and having a pc to auto correct peoples mistakes would deteriorate linguistics skills even more .
we see people all over the place that already spell worse than i did in my first years in school .
the pc browser today will give you feedback if you spell a word wrong and you 'd either have to realize your mistake or right click the word to see the correct spelling which in turn instead will educate the majority of users and not credit him or her for bad practice .
i always encourage all my friends and family to disable auto correct .
it 's an epidemic that will be very hard to reverse in the future .
i 'm all for technology and i 'm no language police but humans are meant to evolve not regress .
npm works though runs into permission errors when installing some modules .
this just is n't happening in current_year the way it was happening in earlier decades .
things have shifted and the left is currently a much much bigger threat to freedom of speech than the right is as much as that might hurt some feefees .
but until they 're running and ruining our universities the very places people are supposed to learn how to think '' you 've got no argument .
pretty excited for the working storage space now i do like the theme and clean look
played fut four years had many good teams on the last 3 .
but you 've got ta be prepared to either a spend a lot of coins trying to get lucky in a pack or b spend a lot of money buying coins .
the rewards from games are n't enough to get a top top tier team merely one or two top tier players .
luring thrust samurai guys into my charged slash ... instakill hehe .
others include dashing and slash-charging so fast into 2 robots south they do n't have time to react slashing then dash-slashing sloths dash dodging the hip-hop mage birds and then killing them it just looks cool to dodge them then kill them and also getting point blank to ninja frogs to slash+deflect for instakill .
oh and just add a bit of 4-diamond shotgun to all that .
said by a co-worker after a shift one night when remarked that i was going home to have a taco and play with my cat .
i do n't doubt that he is n't involved in some sort of way but he 's not lying .
the chinese thing has zero relevance to this situation because it still does n't change the facts .
i 'm kinda worried some of new items are so cheap we 're gon na be running out of slots in no time .
remember the time when mobas were about freedom of building different items from same parts ?
yeah now you will buy entire items after backing to base after a won teamfight .
the raiders for whatever reason dont really have that goat '' qb so carr may end up being that
he got 300k in laundered money in an inheritance .
probably more theres 7 million unaccounted for from cameron sr/s will .
the others are humans that have been modified soon after birth by some kind of weird organism that makes them ageless telepathic etc .
the wights are corpses that have been animated by the same organism making them possible to control by others .
they have some capability for communicating on equal terms with regular humans hence the night 's queen but usually they ca n't be bothered just like cats ca n't usually be bothered to form relationships with mice https dncache-mauganscorp.netdna-ssl.com/thumbseg/910/910978-bigthumbnail.jpg .
they 're moving south in order to make the most of the temporary climate blip provided by the weird seasons of planetos .
they do n't care about ancient pacts and they 'll get past that wall if they can .
there is no point in trying to negotiate with them .
oh no you just gave sabaton new ideas for merchandising .
nick talks to himself in this video the style of his rhap blog ha .
i like the two of them together i ca n't recall the last time the mayor 's of ponderosa were male
i ivd the last small piece of the matrix patch i had and it felt like a big success compared to the shot i made yesterday but still i like smoking them more especially since i got the gel watsons mmm 100mcg/hr big globs make such a great rush when you take big hits ...
got it for 35 for a hundred mic watson .
edit instead of a how to thread fuck that lets just talk and chill and i 'll try to keep from nodding out while i type
anarchists and nihilists tend to have good taste in aesthetic so it 's no surprise .
thats got ta be stressfull with so many ppl to keep your eye on .
i dont think he would even crack a smile in that sitchiation
so if i got it correctly you want to be constantly leveling gear to 30 to master it to get mastery levels to then unlock more powerful gear in the market ?
i know mastery levels are acquired doing the trials but how do you get eligible to do a trial ?
as soon as you level anything to 30 then you can do it ?
she laughs after the man is done with the question at an in person interview .
usually people do n't react only after one is done stating a question .
wow there is a lot of responses on this thread .
mine was a 23 year old kid did a bad drug deal at 4:30 in the afternoon on a friday three weeks ago and got shot 9 times while my wife was working from home .
she heard firecrackers '' next door came out and saw four kids running past our house with mini glocks .
the police shut down our block for about 5 hours .
we broke our house lease the next day and moved a week after .
the kid survived but has half of a lung ca n't bend his left wrist and had part of his stomach and intestines pulled out .
can i just say as an orianna main i feel quite concerned for these changes .
it already takes ages to scale up and get a relevant amount of ap after the last set of changes .
what 's the reasoning behind lowering the ap on all of the items ?
i know magic resist is getting nerfed as such but it 's not like mages are in a strong or even good spot power wise at the moment aspecially orianna .
also banchees still seems to be strong so people will just build it every game vs mages .
tl dr basically can you assure me orianna will be in a stronger spot than she is right now .
i 've played her since season 2 but stopped playing her this season as it 's impossible to climb with her past high plat/low diamond .
possible comorbid depression and definite help with executive and social functioning .
new chapters were translated only a week or two ago though
a 5-7ct madagascan morganite east-west set in a twig/branch style carved rose gold band .
which is pretty cheap tbh but it 's what i dream about if i was the type of person to wear jewellery consistently .
i 'm running an elf build with druid unicorn knight fairy orc rider 2x priest 3x drummer .
i was thinking of swapping out the rider and/or the unicorn knight for a ninja and another priest or drummer ?
if it ended today 7th place has a 6.5 chance 11th 3 .
after running lottery simulator 25x 7th has 7 top 3 wins 11th has 1 in the top 3 .
we should be thrilled if we win 2nd or 3rd and maybe the price from 2nd 1st would n't be oel .
we should look at it as hoping we pick in the top 3 whether or not we get matthews we 'll get a better player
source i 've had 15 reports in my last 10 games or so while never using anything more then chat wheel and alt clicks .
that 's a paradoxon since the report system is fully automated so there 's no way for the system to distinguish a wrongful report '' .
i threw up inside those tunnel playgrounds burger king and mcdonalds use to have i 'm sure they got rid of them for that reason too .
lol because 3 kids before me had thrown up and i crawled right into their vomit .
region australia i have no idea which one it falls under sorry !
notes mic quality is a bit shitty i 'm average at mgo as well feel free to add me .
press space after you 've typed in a sentence in japanese and it turns words into kanji by itself .
pcpartpicker part list http au.pcpartpicker.com/p/yrcnjx price breakdown by merchant http au.pcpartpicker.com/p/yrcnjx/by_merchant
and what a scary as shit fight that was the first time you do it .
damn not being able to jump so you ca n't rock-cheese it having to run and slide through waves of enemies .
an icebreaker in that situation would have been great because it would afford you a guaranteed headshot more or less but you still would have to run+gun .
that 's how we should be moving forward not by throwing a blanket over the best content the game had and pretending it never existed that 's just shameful .
a while ago they got a spell vamp item .
the strip is not in the city of las vegas .
iceland do n't fuck around when it comes to votes .
i was in the theater and some fucking kids already seen the movie and were commenting every.little.bit .
it was okay through the movie since there 's nothing that unexpected but then they said bing bong was going to die and i was torn between anger and sadness .
probably the first current-day at the time console game i ever played ... so many hours of fun .
yes you 're right i am a male and we are in a relationship .
i should have put that in my original post sorry .
oh and 'i assume ' is more natural than 'postulate .
there is n't going to be any lvl 90 reqs lmao ?
pretty sure jed has said it 'll be at highest 70 something
not op but likely just from color filling the engraving with nail polish or some other similar thing .
just fill and wipe away excess and you get a neat look .
edited the question to be more descriptive but to answer your question there is still a hefty balance .
if that was the case then yes we would not have a problem .
schefter opinion of the truthfulness of hardy is irrelevant .
reporters in general do to much proselytizing with not enough reporting of facts for my taste so schefter deciding to report on the interview rather than his opinions was more than acceptable to me .
for every 20 person you attempt to get in bed only 1 will sleep with you .
get tinder hang out at parties/pubs/clubs a lot being a social person in general helps a lot since it can get the word out of you being a nice person to hang with .
i mean yea ... the show is actually good when it 's about team arrow and not felicity and friends
i guess they just think a message is a message because in the olden days people wrote letters .
they 're too old to fully comprehend the concept of context .
i hope i do n't advertise how stupid i 've become when i get old .
devs are n't even allowed to discuss compiler versions with people who have not signed it .
they say they want to keep it a trade secret to prevent nintendo from and others from learning from them .
but knowing how old the compiler versions they get i think that is a crock of shit .
i have been trying to determine if ps4 has c++11 ie gcc 4.8 before i signed anything .
i took another job though so i guess the point is moot now .
i never got around to play it myself but on twitch it sometimes ranks in the top ten .
so i think it still has quite a huge following .
if you played it maybe you can answer a question i always had about it is it possible to automate the grinding there or do you really need to click two million times level something up to 99 ?
having trouble with my fingers from programming already it 's actually quite a huge downer to have a game where i need to click the whole time .
these hft patterns '' are not the result of sub-micro second trading or sub-penny pricing which are connected to traditional manifestations of hft in other markets .
if you read the article he was referencing http parasec.net/transmission/order-book-visualisation you 'll see that most of the patterns observed are things such as spoofing market-making and autosellers/autobuyers .
these are automated strategies that allow people to perform tasks faster/better than would normally be possible manually but do n't really qualify as hft .
in the world 's largest financial markets hft often works by capturing and re-routing orders before anyone else can even see them in a way that is profitable to the runners of the hft algo .
that kind of trading is impossible in bitcoin due to the lack of centrality in exchanges and the slow speed of the exchanges themselves .
you should give the ones at west end a go instead .
less people and lots of awesome food plus when you are done you can hit one of the many bars around there
they 're probably gon na come out by the time the album gets released so this is great news in so many levels ! !
i have financed two degrees other than pull grants and maybe 15k from my parents .
i could have probably done it 20,000 cheaper but i was not proactive about finances until after graduation .
waiting until after graduation to learn about loans and debt and r/personalfinance was my one big mistake .
if you treat it like an investment what is the return in that investment ?
how much money do you expect to make with your degree ?
how long will that degree take to pay for itself ?
how much lifetime earnings will you expect after your degree is paid off ?
the math is n't too complicated but that 's a lot of money to just throw around .
if it makes sense maybe the debt is worth it .
i now do with a master tier blitz main and i 'm also 200lp master almost .
cancer free back to work her and dad are going away this weekend to visit my cousins ' new babies in tennessee !
i think people can create a connection to the teams even if they go there for the players .
i did n't stop being a clg fan just because doublelift left .
i ca n't see myself stopping being an skt fan when faker leaves .
i cheer them both on in other games as well .
though if either of them completely dissolved or left the game i 'd find other teams .
but i do n't have any issues for people who team swap because their favorite players go to another team .
support who you want to for your own reasons .
for me that stupid sound is the best part !
i was vaguely uncomfortable at times when i was at nd too and i was n't even out of the closet at that point .
luckily those issues did n't generally come up during the classes i took i majored in chemical engineering but the discussions still happened on campus .
and being in the closet did n't help because it led to me being less eager to argue in favor of lgbt rights because it could have led to people questioning whether or not i was gay .
overall i loved my time at nd and would absolutely choose to go there again .
but this time i 'd get myself out of the closet .
this submission has been automatically removed because you did not include a question mark ? ''
reddit does not allow post titles to be edited so if you would like you can post the question again .
please write your title in proper question format and include a question mark thank you .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
1 132 may be too low for that cut on general .
whenever i have a cut of meat that has that distinct muscle fiber/stringy structure i go 144 .
the issue is that while tri-tip is a lean cut those muscle fibers are held together by collagen which does n't render effectively at lower temps unless you cook it for 24-36 hours .
blasting it with high heat in a pan is obviously an entirely different cooking dynamic .
you may be thinking that 144 for 4 hours wo n't do much to the collagen either but my experience with tri-tip is that that is the sweet spot if you are n't grilling .
2 the marinade may be the culprit indeed since you said the meat looked well-done i 'm leaning this way .
sous vide in marinades will change the nature of the result for sure marinades have a sad tendency to pull moisture out of the meat under low/slow sous vide conditions and can lead to the myoglobin breaking down the pigment in the muscle that gives it that red color .
this phenomenon is n't super consistent in my experience though so i want to learn more about what causes it .
3 finally just to be sure you may want to check your circulator against a second thermometer to make sure it 's not running hotter than expected .
well it comes with a lot of stuff and it 's 30 off the original price .
so i 'd say that 's a deal by any definition .
if it 's not your thing then then fine but it may be someone else 's thing
i 've worked in housing support services dealing with people like this .
this woman is pretty extreme but overall crazy dysfunctional hoarders are n't even that rare .
most visual novels especially umineko and to an extent higurashi
i think only the most devout of fans would try to say tolkien did n't have an issue with characterization .
only a handful of his characters really have much distinct personality .
some like aragorn are frankly pretty boring in the book .
movie-aragorn may whinge a bit too much but at least he has an arc .
i 'd your getting it that cheap go for it .
at the very least you could turn the wii u into an emulator machine once the nx drops .
soneone shitting on the beach in india and he had dirrahea it is stuck in my memory
well i would n't know i 'm not the canadian so i do n't know what tim hortons does in the backroom .
maybe you can go out take pictures and post them here ?
if this was for a science fair there should of been someone approving submitted projects .
as an engineer my eyes bugged out of my head when i read the description of the propelled skateboard '' .
that 's comically dangerous even in the best case scenario .
just give cody a mic and stand him out of sight
this is so much better an idea than shoot outs
maybe when you 're older http www.youtube.com/watch ? v=8kqf9g_dqls . ''
it 's 2016 and people still think tranzit/farm/town are okay to play on pubs ''
have him take them every couple of hours for the next few days .
sometimes you can prevent getting sick at all that way .
i will definitely look into that route as well ... .i had n't really thought about it .
is the licensing the same where you can take the test and pass or does esl require more ?
i 'll look into it myself of course but just if you know any additional details i 'd love to hear them .
however your submission has been removed for the following reason
please do not flood the submission queue https www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/rulesandregs wiki_do_not_flood_the_new_queue .
you have already submitted 5 articles within the last 24 hours .
hillary clinton 'i 'm not even sure ' bernie is a democrat http redd.it/4dlmbq
impeachment process begins against alabama governor over sex scandal .
public debate in pennsylvania flares over 'bathroom bill ' lgbt legislation .
i 'm a bot and sometimes i make mistakes .
if you feel this removal was in error please message the moderators .
https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/politics subject=i have a question about the queue flooding rules
i 'm saying have her struggle so that she can develop .
but she ca n't because she 's so damn good at everything and it 's never explained why .
we also barely know anything about her background which might explain some of those things .
a movie should be able to stand on its own .
using we just have n't been told that yet we have to tune in next week '' for inherently the main character in a movie is sad .
in other movies we are told who are main character is by the end of the movie .
giving a character a dark and mysterious past '' and leaving the audience with that after 2 and a half hours is not a positive it 's a negative .
if she joined the dark side it would have been completely out of character for her .
she really has no depth other than good-at-everything '' and got ta stay-in-one-place . ''
i jerk it in public places all the fucking time .
it started in middle school when i first started jackin ' it .
my dad was always really controlling and wanted to know what i was up to all the time so he made me leave the door to my room open all the time or if it was closed i was n't supposed to lock it .
thus i had no privacy to jack off in my room so i started masturbating in the bathroom on the toilet seat under the pretense of taking a shit .
this continued and whenever i got super horny in class i would go to the bathroom and rub off a quick one masturbating at school maybe once or twice a week .
now in college i can fuckin jerk it anywhere and have honestly gotten pretty good at staying really quiet .
any bathroom and even when i 'm on a long drive by myself .
it 's pretty sick and after writing this i 'm kinda horny so off to this library 's bathroom i go .
well the general populace of reddit is on the side which does n't really see the negative side of rape culture .
i assumed it would have been at least 6 figures .
literally about 45 seconds after they talked about it being harder to get two quick body shots off now one of the warlocks got two quick body shots off for a kill .
i do n't think it 's gon na do shit in regards to body shots .
maybe he means the boletarians trying to fight off those cursed by the fog ?
i had a kid say 'i see you 're being sneaky ' when i used a light cruiser as my admiral .
he did not realize i ran 4 light cruisers aggressively until i made him warp out
i sadly say we have to debunk the theory of black mist acting as the double agent as all might 's friend in the police i forget his name .
assuming the scenes in the bar and the hero group are acting simultaneously .
i think that what they 're asking us to consider is how can cherry picking ever be performed fairly in any situation ?
what qualifies any of us to decide what is valid for publication and what is not ?
how is it fair that some people arbitrarily are allowed to avoid scrutiny while others literally have their livelihood taken away overnight simply because of their career/profession/position within society ?
how can we ever fairly weigh different consequences for different people against each other ?
who is qualified to make those decisions or to even define the criteria on which they 're made ?
it is an utterly impossible task to perform fairly regardless of where you might stand on the issue .
at least with blanket publication the playing field is level from the start although the game might still not be fair .
that these huge corporations spend millions in campaign contributions for the purpose of getting something for it or just for the hell of it ?
would n't they just finish peeing and then go into a stall ?
i 'm a woman but i 'd guess that men are similar in that generally they do n't just immediately shit their pants the minute they feel like they need to poop .
it 's usually only available on her website not sephora but it 's gorgeous .
man sells his soul to get a star wars movie every year until he dies 42 years later .
but the day the newest one comes out he gets hit by a truck and goes deaf and blind ... .
when i pulled it out of the mag i just kind of looked at it for a few seconds like you ai n't normal is you lil boolet ? ''
honestly i wish i had companies lined up ready to throw money at me .
if this company in the us is that big and well-known and if they are begging for you they will probably bend over backwards to give you great benefits .
work for a couple of years in the us take vacations in japan .
vacationing here is way way better than living here ... especially if you have money .
you might think that money does n't matter but money matters when you 're working here .
when you know a book costs 5 in the us but 20 in japan and you decide you do n't need to read because that money needs to be spent on 100 yen udon to boil and eat with soy sauce .
money matters when you finally get a day off and want to go to usj but have to take the midnight bus to get there and then sleep in an internet cafe to save money .
if you hate money i am american and i will gladly take it from you .
stay in the us work at a great place build your resume vacation in sweet places around the world .
here 's an earlier reddit thread about it over at r/gatech
you are a really good artist keep it up !
by the way how many times have you changes sona so far ?
i see well too bad i was really looking forward to that .
unfortunately your submission has been removed for the following reason s
it is in violation of reddit 's self promotion rules found here http www.reddit.com/wiki/selfpromotion .
please read the the subreddit rules http www.reddit.com/r/pcgaming/about/sidebar before continuing to post .
if you have any questions please feel free to message the mods .
granted one was from a recombobulated sea giant and the other was in my hand .
i was about to feel bad for deathwinging my deathwing but i lost the next turn due to my opponents inner fire shenanigans .
how you 're so busy now that you 're married .
why you ca n't have a social life because you 're married .
how being married is the only way to be happy ever and you ca n't believe you were ever not married .
how every vacation you 've taken since your wedding you 've called your nd/rd/th honeymoon . ''
or if say they were found to be selling arms to foreign national groups that were intending to disperse them to other less than favorable groups in a trade deal or something .
and if you get on top of a teemo you actualy have a chance to outdamage him .
on quinn all she has to do is press e and graves just fights you back and deals dubble your damage then lifesteals all of it back with 3 autos
cgi madness is n't a problem if it is properly desaturated to look natural '' .
so much of the prequel trilogy stuff just looked so out of place when placed with a human actor because of the contrast between the two .
arguably one of the closest you 'd get to supes being bloodlusted apart from injustice .
10 year pad smoker only thing that helped me was vaping .
have n't touched a single one in three years now .
i know how much of reddit views vapers but seriously i credit it with saving my life .
i still think not including the deleted scenes of the formation of the rebel alliance in the prequels was a mistake despite the uninspiring dialogue that could have been easily fixed .
i 'm willing to bet this was the 80s not 90s .
wat thai songkram festival http watthaidc.org/songkran.html with thai food thai cultural shows thai souvenirs
believe it or not you need money from a job to not fucking die .
here is what the linked meme says in case it is blocked at your school/work or is unavailable for any reason
i 'd love to put it in your ass .
top when a collection agency kept calling my home .
even after i told them they are calling wrong number
bottom i started to act like i was having phone sex with them every time they would say something .
i just wanted to put carlos bacca as a center back or something .
i first listened to bebe rexha when she released i ca n't stop drinking about you '' back in 2014 a great edm pop song imo .
it 's crazy how far she went hey mama '' me myself i '' and now no broken hearts '' .
the song is n't amazing but it 's fun catchy and nicki 's verse is great as usual .
my only problem '' with it are the effects autotune and such on bebe 's voice .
while it is true that trickle xp sums up it 's the same for both teams so the hero kills did make the difference .
the thing with going to the objective earlier or on time '' really changed for me when i heard of trickle xp you got a point !
not op but i 'm 5'1 and my hips are 30 '' around .
yes i can weigh less than someone with 34/35 '' hips at the same height .
now the difference here is i 'm talking 5-15 pounds .
tore a large hole in his rectum that required surgery to fix .
the gayest way to act is to be overtly homophobic .
black 'culture ' is borne from poverty and hopelessness .
we 've already tried attacking black culture with the war on drugs .
pretty well if you hate black people and their culture of crime ''
as long as that hand is on the ball yeah .
and there really is n't much i can do about the situation .
it 's going to happen just sooner than i expected and a whole lot messier than wanted .
right now i 'm just curling up with my 3ds and ignoring most of the world .
it 's honestly dependent of what your friends play on .
if all your friends play on pc then that 's great .
of my friends who like dark souls only one plays on pc .
i 'm of course talking about real life friends .
i 'm sure you could find friends on the internet on the platform of choice .
after hearing his sentence told the judge sweet thanks your honour that 'll be lovely.
as they were led from the dock one of the defendants could be heard saying does anyone want a biscuit ? ''
as i only have 3 5 including freenji i think a new one o
but you should still know all that it does before you run it as root .
the srk thread has good info on cc with different spacing situations http forums.shoryuken.com/discussion/207463/necalli-combo-tech-thread
i was going skip over it until i read your comment .
also keeping track of who was who was really difficult..
i 'm thinking of preordering just waiting to see how much i enjoy open beta .
but i am missing shadowform tournament medic elise starseeker reno jackson google chrome the hearthstone game client
it 's ok you can replace all of that with m tg
maybe try a different deck such as f2p control warrior .
have you done blow roughly a month then stopped for a bit ?
your floors are super shiny ... what is that pine sol ?
you will fail if you try to translate a whole paragraph but two simple words ?
everybody has a right to genetic privacy because of the huge potential for abuse .
think not only about the government but insurance companies or employees too .
i would be fucking pissed if i was denied life insurance coverage because my father had my dna sequenced when i was a child and it turns out i had a slightly higher probability to die of an heart attack before i turn 50 .
correct that was where i started had no idea just wanted to play a flight sim .
i know we probably just saw the highlights here but they looked impressive to me .
its not that i 'm comparing them as prospects as such but it did remind me a bit of flacco in the sense that he also came out and showed that he could make all those difficult big arm type of throws consistently .
you will fail if you try to translate a whole paragraph but two simple words ?
i think that 's just a wrong statement fw ahq hke tpa and mse all understand laneswaps and how they play out while the only team that seems to understand them in all of china seems to be snake .
china has major problems of actually understanding how the game works they only have the mechanical talent .
china vs north america is gon na be super interesting since i personally think china might be the worst out of the 5 major regions right now .
it might be wrong but it 's just the feeling i get right now
to be correct dark destroyer would n't get the effect if it 's shuffled back into the main deck because it 's no longer in public knowledge area .
so the next fortnight after zeff should be camie with rayleigh books .
granted they had them in halloween pt 2 but i know a lot of people could n't max him then .
having legend books out with this limited box space feels pretty insulting .
let 's hope they jump straight to young arlong to show they are at least aware of this but they probably wo n't .
my wife is a looking for a job psychologist and funnily enough i have never discussed it with her perhaps i should to get her perspective .
i will certainly heed your advice its a complicated issue indeed !
free-will is not granted until the moment of decision .
so a person has no free will except for the moment they have to decide whether or not to be saved i.e. be a christian ?
but surely if they had no control over their actions then they could n't have done anything sinful that would require salvation ?
we believe that the holy spirit quickens '' the spirit providing an oppurtunity for salvation .
we respond in faith and ask for sins forgiven .
on the flip side we can reject that faith and walk away .
but we have imperfect knowledge and unfair conditions a teenager born and raised in a heavy south baptist community has an unfair advantage over a teenager born and raised in saudi arabia .
until that point we still believe that man is depraved spiritually .
he caught a few starly and released them since they only knew tackle and sand attack .
he later kept one that knew aerial ace and double team .
thanks you saved me from having to eat with grandma
are you able to upload this in a form i can copy paste ?
i really like this design and would like to use to to play around on !
might as well just toy around with dcs combined arms and editor at that point
in an effort to reduce the amount of spam in r/books this post was removed because your account is less than 1 day old we get a lot of spam from newly created accounts .
since you look new to reddit please be sure you have read through our subreddit rules http www.reddit.com/r/books/wiki/rules before participating in the community .
if you have any questions or think your post should be reinstated please message the mods http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fbooks .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/books if you have any questions or concerns .
with 38 delegates and the loss we come to a total of 15.60 we 're coming for your tenner in ny .
shits not even fun i do n't understand why they circlejerk daily about it here .
the one where arsenal had no quality finishers in the squad since van persie left .
this app is incompatible with all of your devices '' great official '' app .
hi there my good sir could you please explain the meme ?
i like the cold and snow though and i do snowboard too d
i was looking at the hextech revolver passive with kog'maw .
sure the front of the field/championship is another merc lockdown from the looks of it but the mid-field was particularly entertaining and the camera direction was kind enough to keep the camera there 90 of the time so lots of cool racing to be seen .
i 've done a bit of research and i think a problem is being caused by blank boxes in my postcode column .
i think i need an if statement on the searchstr but i am not sure .
photo made it in there accidentally a im sorry i had them on my desktop and it musta slipped itself in
edit change language to japanese go to store download play
the guy showed no passion and could not kick ashley young out of the team .
to me its pretty obvious 1 year with us then force a move to psg was always the plan .
he fucked the club over in transfer losses made a mockery of the fans and now has the cheek to rub everyone 's noses in it .
he does n't have to say these things he could act like a professional but that would be hard for a narcissist like him i guess .
i 've seen people vote to forfeit at 0-0 with 10 seconds played or at 1-0 occasionally .
http gfycat.com/variablebelovedamphiuma free wins for my duo buddy and me .
ppboring yeah but then he lost heart and did n't recapture the empire .
i know a lot of cis women who have your exact body shape and many who would feel envy .
your waist looks quite defined and you 're cute !
if you 'd like to look curvier/bottom heavy clothes that make your hips look larger could help peplum dresses pleated skirts a-line dresses and skirts relaxed fit pants flowy anything ... you get the drill .
might as well stencil in a tram line to neverland about as likely to be built .
i have one and i also love it but if i were you i would wait with the purchase because thrustmaster are going to unveil their new sim product lineup in may .
because big media like fox and cnn are n't covering this at all .
no one is getting informed unless they are actively seeking out information on their own .
this is a subreddit about cats with catnip you just watched a video with big cats and catnip what did you expect ?
if i had to suck a heisei 's rider 's dick it 'd probably be shotaro .
you could try this game of go https play.google.com/store/apps/details ? id=com.cauchymop.goblob which was designed specifically for this use case .
if your opponent soloed the boss or only had one death while you take 5-10 through time-outs that could be the difference between winning and losing .
i 'm not saying it 's a bad tactic it 's a great way to take a boss down without using units i 'm only trying to give all the information .
i would n't fight a duped spidey with a dr strange at all if i had the choice .
if that 's his team and that 's who the boss is ...
i 'd say it 's time for someone else in his bg to stand up and be a boss killer .
considering the amount of time you have to invest in vanilla it is only natural that people do n't want to play on private servers which can shut down on a whim at any time .
i do n't think the clients necessarily downloaded the data .
maybe just the client being ready to broadcast '' is enough for twitch to count it as viewer .
so they go out on dates and spend secret time together where your fiancee ca n't be reached while they 're drunk ... .
i 'm not sure i would marry someone who is actually in a relationship with someone else .
50 chance of dropping he 's from any yellow enemy ?
edit i seriously hope you mean named enemies not elites .
if you asked him his goal before the season i doubt getting another mvp would be on his list but another championship ?
also idk who downvoted you i think you have pretty good points
the right to free speech is slowly becoming the right to not be offended .
rambis has never put porzingis at sf nor is that relevant to anything about chris herring .
i put stretch 5 in quotes because it is a direct quote from herring .
porzingis would be the only one in the nba .
if chris herring thinks rambis is a bad coach because he has n't tried this idea then he should put that in his article instead of just rehashing a lot of the same unquantifiable stuff that 's already in all the tabloids .
of course if he did write that he would have to justify his position because the obvious counter to that is it weakens them on defense and rambis has actually been solid with defense .
he is pushing his agenda and what 's disappointing is that he is not being transparent about it .
a lot of us did n't wait for a weekly episode or even kept up with it consistently .
fxx shows it for a few hours 4 days a week that is usually when i catch up on it .
i agree about the left needing a strong leader .
i will always vote conservative no matter what but we need a strong opposition .
labour needs someone like chuka umunna or tristram hunt to lead them .
tsundoku n the act of buying a book and leaving it unread .
well unless i am doing something wrong i cant read the menus etc im not even going to risk flying my ship out of the station if i cant read or use any navigation what so ever .
lol my goodness listen to how butthurt you are getting over this .
you have the nerve to bitch about people taking things personally and you post this gem ?
do you think the atomic bomb was a good invention ?
we can now use it to destroy asteroids that would otherwise collide with earth .
but should we use this invention in a war ?
please read this message in its entirety before taking action .
your question has been removed as it looks like you 're needing assistance of some sort which violates askreddit 's rule 2 http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_2
any post with personal pronouns i my mine will not be approved .
otherwise if these do n't fit your needs check out the multireddits in our sidebar http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/about/sidebar which cover almost every topic imaginable thanks !
if you feel this was removed in error please contact the mods http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2faskreddit subject=help related post review request message=my post was removed for being help related please review 3a 0d 0a 0d 0ahttp 3a 2f 2fwww.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/4ds1bg/serious_so_i_know_ink_poisoning_is_a_thing_but .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm in miami and about to start regularly hitting the water .
it sounds like the knock-off version of hungry hungry hippos to me .
correct me if i 'm wrong but i feel like you have n't spent much time doing db10 at all .
if you 've been farming for awhile you should switch your verd and vero to violent as those extra procs would allow you to speed through faster and safer .
i also agree with the other posts as your vero is slow and your megan needs a lot more hp .
also try improving the acc on bella just in case megan does n't remove the buff .
what 's the next thing that will stir everyone up probably drop rates on the gear sets .
massive changes the things we have problems with in like two weeks when will people relax and give them the credit they deserve
snyder said he does n't think superheroes are convincing when talking in costume so they did n't really have opportunity to talk out of costume .
have you ever lived in other countries to say such a wrong statement ?
yes i 've lived in numerous different european countries at this stage in my life .
if you actually believe there are any parents out there not saying that to their children especially girls than you 're delusional .
last time i checked they had new pages to view everyday
the only person to piss down their own neck and convince themselves that it 's rain .
the most i love about spring is the absence of snow
no more 'bed situation ' or 'dirty fingernails ' or 'my back hurts ' .
that 's because in beverley hills they add gold after they unlead it .
i think it is i 'm extremely against gambling i have tons of underage fans who have lots hundreds of their parents money and get in extreme shit because of it .
there is no one trading bitcoin who does n't believe the halvening will happen .
everyone trading bitcoin the only people who matter to the price are at least aware of the halvening and it impacts how they value bitcoin to some degree .
remember the issue here is n't that everyone needs to buy in anticipation .
one single whale could full price in the halvening or simply people choosing not to sell .
true which is what i attributed it to but even still it seemed excessive .
though to be honest i 've had random events happen so much things from more raids than before to more visitors and traders than i 've ever seen from previous versions .
i seem to get at least 2 envelope things pop up every day ranging to 6 in one day from a raid and mad animals .
send notice that you intend to inspect the place in 24 hours .
if it reasonably looks like they vacated secure your property .
you must also secure any of their property left and handle it as proscribed by your states laws on abandoned property .
professional cook here came to recommend this as well .
my pastry chef recommended it and i have n't looked back !
unfortunately your submission has been removed for the following reason s
your title should be formatted as song name artist1 artist2 time .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/mashups if you have any questions or concerns .
you could open it on your phone like i do .
if you are in the cwl i consider you to be a top team in cod 12 top teams is n't that many
my guild is never short on scrolls it 's just boring and i ca n't stand to do it more than an hour or two .
when did i say i want to do that ?
wow i 'm so jealous of you working with adam .
well for about every 10 players i see in low elo who go too hard for kills and miss a lot of cs there 's usually one guy who only focuses on cs and misses out on opportunities .
return of the king is still one of the best movie games imo .
especially when you consider how good it was for essentially being a generic hack and slash
i 'm not taking sides here just pointing out that op did n't call for banning the posts just that they be considered spam .
what food and what are the bad ingredients you are concerned about ?
aside from a high ph did you get any more information about any other potential problems or diseases ?
have you gotten a second opinion from a different vet ?
that 's a reasonable theory and i want to believe !
i just wish i get that one expression of his out of my head .
i could n't find the pic but it 's the one in brother can you spare a brain ? ''
where he asks liv so how 'd you become a zombie ? ''
like he did n't already know and seemed so earnest and shocked about it .
edit to add that for his sake i hope it 's real .
amnesia blaine thinks don e. and chief might be up to something .
faking it blaine would know exactly what his two closest friends in the world were doing to him and what he 'd built .
maybe the easiest thing is to put something else in your social calendar and explain to your co-worker that you are otherwise committed that day .
then sent her a nice card and wish her well .
the independent erv was chosen by ih so if it is acceptable to ih who was supposed to make the 3rd payment of 89 million then there should n't be any questioning of the independence of the erv .
how does boba fett know the hand is in cloud city ?
dieting is based on the faulty conclusions of the energy balance theory and the reason 3/4th of this county is overweight and obese .
in this case the ch '' is a latin transliteration of the greek letter chi .
i do n't have a girlfriend but play a ton of video games ...
i 'm pretty sure steam has taken over my 'luving ' space .
really disappointed with this old god the others at least have potential to see play but this card really is just too random for the effect to have any consistency .
in 20 years we elect a far left president even further than bernie in a massive wave election filling the entire congress .
and then one by one 5/4 decision after 5/4 decision the supreme court dismantles these laws .
makes huge sweeping statements that now require constitutional amendments to get around .
a hundred years of progress a once in a life time opportunity gone .
the amount of work to get any further progressive policy is now more or less insurmountable .
a justice appointed by president john kasich 20 years prior .
just think about it when november rolls around please .
ups status order processed ready for ups '' meaning the thing has been registered to ups but has not moved yet .
i want another arc like arlong like alabasta rescue robin etc .
back when the story meant something when it was tight coherent and did n't feel like someone was just trying to extend the length of something for the sake of it .
each of those arcs meant something were jam jacked with emotion and generally were fucking awesome .
i see we have many college of lore bards commenting here .
it 's just a funny image just like vicious mockery .
i can literally hurt someone by calling their mama fat .
i pour a lot of concrete and some guys will peel and burn no matter where it hits them or how much for me though its just itchy but always best to wash it off .
nothing absolutely nothing cruz does in new york will get him over 20
things it 's missing on ios that i have n't seen mentioned in other comments
the ability to return to a thread by swiping left from the right edge
the ability to reorder my subreddit subscriptions i really do n't want to have to scroll down to find might favourite subs .
i should be able to move them to the top
i believe there 's only one image viewer option which means i now have to see imgur ads .
the lack of an image viewer also means that it takes me 3 clicks/page loads to see a gifv play .
one to click the original link from compact viewer one more to click the gifv and get taken to a new page and one last one to play the gifv .
this also means that gifvs must always act as a video on my iphone go into full screen etc ... .
an image display function could render the gifv as a standard gif and save me the hassle of dealing with a it in full screen mode
according to a random calculator i used that 50k would be around 38k after taxes .
i know that would be perfectly fine here in the south .
comparing to average salaries has some flaws i think that if you think it 's fair it probably is .
dalits refer to themselves by this name it is also the only politically correct way to refer to backward castes .
it ca n't refer to obcs who are 50 of the population .
falcon and war machine lets get that black lovin ' on screen amirite
i 'm referring to the use of foreign tax havens a form of tax avoidance which is perfectly legal but not necessarily moral .
the amount of must-trash assets hitting this game is getting unreal .
i suppose that 's one way to deal with runners who have gotten so rich .
in a polite society we call people as they call themselves .
i wo n't pretend i know how to define your faith .
the problem of down-scaling comes up a lot in demographics .
it may be appropriate to say baha'i faith is non-christian but inappropriate to say baha'is are all non-christian .
i mean i 've been a fan of both from the start now i 'm just gon na watch the flash
not sure what the come up is for a dox chemical but i remember reading a trip report on erowid of someone that took a 17 hour trip on a dox ca n't quite remember but i 'm pretty sure it was doi
have any of you seen cage free egg laying chickens en masse .
the farmers still cut their beaks off and they are still given antibiotics .
this is a move by walmart because it 's the cause of the day .
he addresses it with about 1 minute left in the video .
gem td is pretty good but skibi 's castle is still my favorite td to this day .
i taught myself blender so that i could build my own 3d models in unity .
this is where i started to learn but have shifted more towards 3d printing since then .
i may do a series on using blender with unity specifically if there is enough interest here .
he has and has gone to several psychologists and they have so far been unable to help
in the stream they said 400 each item so far but i doubt they 'll charge 400 for something like an icon/avatar
obligatory i knew what it was before i clicked and you still got me '' comment
also it looks like mostly you 've been listing inheritance skills nina 's non-vantage inheritance is pretty much whatever as she can only grab tomefaire herself and her class pool is just her parents ' pool diviner .
i started as austria got 1/5/3 general got pu over bohemia occupied venice and was about to send the peace deal just to have my fucking archduke assassinated lose hre pu over bohemia and get f ... 14 years of regency .
there could n't have been a worse strategy last years concerning the jay 's lol so few save opps
check out www.vapesocietysupply.com they have really good prices on their juices .
i got a 120ml of charlie 's for 50.00 .
if anything you 're too well groomed in the picture on the right .
can two people living in the same address order them ?
it may now.. not sure what hit hits for right now..
i 'm honestly freaking out with excitement over here .
nahh you 'd still live in the swimming pool .
my uncle served in 'nam and one of the very few stories he 's ever willing to share is that they would every once-in-a-while catch fish the same way that you see in the video but with frag grenades rather than an m80 .
he said that at 20 feet away the fish would be stunned for long enough to catch by hand but after a time they would slowly begin to swim again .
in fact he is kind of an idiot but also totally awesome he wanted to see what it felt like so he found a pond/really small lake and tossed the frag roughly 20 ' away then jumped in after it .
he said it was the most painful thing he 's ever experienced but he lived obviously .
he related the sensation to the pins and needles of when your leg falls asleep and wakes back up again but x50 and his eyes and ears hurt worse than that .
all in all this is a fun thought experiment but at least in my case there is anecdotal evidence that i trust that proves contrary .
to me it just sounds like you are sad because you are weak .
i was doing squats and fluid hit a nerve ending on my lower back because i didnt do at the time unknown to me proper back stretching .
as soon as it pinched the nerve my whole body froze and i dropped all the weight on the safety rack .
i could walk but when i went to sleep and woke up my back felt like an axe was skewered in it when i bent certain angles .
i couldnt even kneel/bend over to tie my shoes .
that was the worst 2 and half weeks of pain i ever had
this makes me kind of angry just because it seems like now that mississauga 's infrastructure is built out they no longer want to chip in .
the town of caledon has been chipping in since the inception of peel region to help build up mississauga and brampton but now that mississauga is done and caledon is beginning to expand suddenly mississauga does n't want to be part of the region anymore .
it just seems like a situation where the last man standing gets fucked over .
i 'll have to check did n't realize some of them did .
honestly that was such a huge win-win for us .
we either get a great offensive big man who could start for us or we make y'all overpay for him .
so you also want to break the rules then .
m50s have the soundstage of an iem you may hear the footsteps but you 'll have a harder time pinpointing their position .
til jim palmer is a redditor ... at least he could be with puns/references like that .
the buzzfeed article was the first thing i saw .
i 've detested that site for years and this sure does n't help .
are you trying to be disciplined in the wrong things ?
i might be wrong but i think that 39k is for the m1a
since the us has started legalizing weed the cartels have taken a massive hit on the profitability of marijuana .
here http time.com/3801889/us-legalization-marijuana-trade is one article talking about it .
you can type your address directly into find a school .
i think starting with a strong foundation in consumer behavior and in cognitive bias how we see process retain and recall data is crucial to get started .
after all the data is only as good as the analyst .
the 5 seconds it takes to open the letter is n't a big loss for piece of mind that a bill or something important did n't get tossed for no reason .
so long as you adjust this as puberty approaches you 'll probably be fine .
that may even start in the next couple of years given she 's seven could be anything from nine to mid-teens but whenever you started is probably a good guide to when she will .
to be honest given you 're going to have to make arrangements later as well with the baby i might be inclined to make the girls ' room '' now and the boys ' room '' down the line .
your oldest girl should get her choice of bed and as much space as possible i would also consider a screen/divider for later on so she can get some space '' from younger siblings .
a 12-year-old girl will to be undisturbed by kid brothers and sisters and have a bit of space eg when she 's doing homework or writing her diary or whatever .
but i might lose lily in the process . ''
might as well call us the golden state a 's at this point
i remember another study that linked dairy consumption in general to development of diabetes .
edit i ca n't find that though so perhaps i mis-remember .
i did however find this meta study also inversely linking dairy consumption and development of type 2 diabetes .
much weaker in correlation to the study from the op but still .
we brought him to a movie when he was 3 and he did n't say a word .
we also brought him to like a 2 o'clock movie .
my cousin threw up on the priest 's shoes as he was going up for for the communion .
the fact that you 're only silver 3 so far means that your base skill in the game could be higher than your initial placement which is fine and just means that you 'll have an easier time while trying to figure out the game .
that said i do agree with you in that it should take fewer points to rank up and down .
a buddy of mine and i have been ripping through nova 4 for two weeks always top frag together and very rarely lose but we 're both still waiting on a rank up .
dealing with a climb is definitely a necessity but i also feel that there 's something to be done about being clearly stuck in the wrong rank .
just like banning drugs and alcohol works the more you clamp down ?
i thought it was just coincidence that one of the armors looks like a cerberus assault trooper from mass effect 3 but this one here is straight up a vorcha .
when i was a kid i was in love with their striped kit idk why and i got it as a gift and i still have it !
yeah i noticed it when he was casting at the mlg qualifiers .
it does n't make any of it any better .
donated all to a trust who sponsored all my education for 6 years .
i would have maced them both ... i handle dumb-shit conflict like a fuckin boss
that 's where i left your mom after i hit it and quit it .
you guys were all on drugs their account of the story is probably tainted by this fact .
however this story makes for a great horror movie concept .
main character dies and comes back nobody believes him and he slowly descends into madness .
just saw adam cracknell 's name called at the ceremony i laughed a bit .
it still will be a good spot to go to .
personally i would keep the hard drive and sell the rest .
use it as backup in your next rig and maintain control of your data .
i 've heard that packing them tight is the best way too do it but how tight is too tight ?
not sure the best way to pack my bowl to get the best high as i have n't been getting very high using the fm .
i am hired at 10/hr part time and paid biweekly .
i was supposed to be a stocker but there 're too many people back there .
not sure if my hours will be the same or what but before it would 've been from 2pm to 11pm .
i 'm happy that i 'll have some income coming in .
this was my first job interview and i was very nervous .
the interviewer was nice about it and she said i asked really good questions that no one has ever asked her .
i want to go back to school but not sure what to major in pay for my own stuff like food phone bill etc .
i have about 28 credits at a community college right now .
enrollment appointments begin on april 22 for summer school so i 'll have time to figure out how to schedule my classes .
i just know i need to get my general ed requirements out of the way .
now i want to take school seriously because when i was younger i just did n't care .
i got financial aid revoked until i retake the classes i dropped .
i guess that 's where my video game addiction comes into play .
i went 2 months without playing before and now with working/going to school i probably wo n't have time to play which will be refreshing .
i also plan to get serious about my diet aka macros .
i may need about 3000-3500 calories for gaining weight .
i think that would be around 50-100 per week ?
if i 'm somehow able to find cheap foods like chicken rice peanut butter eggs condensed milk oats potatoes broccoli etc for good prices .
should i also be buying things for the house and paying rent ?
because mom is doing pretty well and she takes my little sister and her friends shopping every week .
i guess you can call me a homebody and i do n't really care too much about fashion or having the newest shoes etc .
i make sure not to go outside looking like i just woke up i put some effort in what i wear but i do n't go over the top .
i like to meditate workout at 5am read see movies and hang out with friends once in a while .
i hate how my mom brings up that i do n't go out when people visit .
i 'm pretty content and can make friends if i wanted too .
it 's not like i 'm complaining that i ca n't make friends or anything .
yeah off-topic but just something i wanted to get off my chest
i 'm thinking about getting a new smartphone like a galaxy s7 or iphone 7 when it comes out since i have a galaxy s4 from 2013 .
but at the same time i 'm not sure if i can afford one just yet and i do n't need a new phone .
i 'm also thinking about joining the air force but maybe i need to give school and work a chance first .
i 'll like to hear your thoughts as i 'm very confused and overwhelmed .
i want to make the best of my twenties and be financially independent .
try as i might i ca n't convince people not to look at the comment sections of various places where nms is discussed youtube steam imgur r/gaming etc .
if you insist on engaging in this dangerous behavior at least use the following list to get shitfaced drunk so you do n't remember the inanity you saw .
my guess is if you actually took a shot every time you found one of these you 'd be dead of alcohol poisoning before you finished one thread .
feel free to insert your vice of choice i do n't drink so it 's reese 's cups for me .
that will have the additional benefit of making me so corpulently obese i 'll be unable to leave my couch giving me more time to play nms .
any variation of the phrase mile wide and an inch deep '' bonus double shot if they use the less common metric kilometer wide and a centimeter deep ''
i 'm sure there are more that i ca n't think of right now .
leave suggestions in the comments with enough luck we can all be continuously drunk/high/in a sugar coma until joon .
i 've been having issues where i ca n't seem to get my game to work on ios devices other than iphone .
since unity does n't provide an up-to-date tutorial for the build process on ios i 've opted to follow the instructions here
this works and i was able to get the game submitted to the app store however i 'm seeing a trend where the game only runs on iphone devices .
i 'm still waiting on itc analytics to update and confirm this .
here 's an imgur gallery with some key screenshots .
i only have one physical ios device in house an ipod touch 5 .
the first shot shows what happens when i try to build to that via a local usb cable connection .
it displays build success '' except the app wo n't launch .
i get a dark grey screen for a while then it returns to the ios .
here 's a pastebin of the console from xcode http pastebin.com/r0dwj6m4
a couple months ago i was testing ios deployment and was able to build to my ipod .
however i remember changing the target/project supported platforms from iphoneos ios .
it was not discussed in the video above and trying to rebuild with that change does not help on my ipod .
additionally i remember seeing something about the list of supported architectures not including what the ipod touch 5 needs .
if you could shed some light on what exactly is preventing this from working on all of the ios devices at least the ones running the newest version of ios i 'd appreciate it .
in case it 's helpful here 's the unity ios build settings https i.imgur.com/pk6woac.png
i also went ahead and updated to the newest version of unity 5.3.4f1 and created a new xcode project build .
in xcode i left all changes default tapped build and received the same issue .
so for fun i went back to unity created a new blank project inserted a cube built a xcode project opened in xcode and build to device .
so the issue is specific to my game not unity/xcode/device .
here with my g/f for the first time figured we 'd say hi to the local redditors .
when kgp discards from your deck is that card out of play or is it recycled ?
they go all the way from xs extra skrub to gg git gud and gd giant dad .
i have a coupon for sephora and i 'm thinking of buying a shiseido sunscreen .
i 'm concerned about acne and i have dry skin from trentinoin .
one that looks good under make up is a plus too !
im looking for players within this reddit that want to play a few eu4 games before stellaris releases .
it would be a great way to kill time and to know more people .
add me to steam nol panacuba is my id .
i will be available tonight i only lack the last 2 expansions cossask and mare .
but as the host is the one to set the dlcs im sure some one with all of them will host .
as the title suggests are there any high refresh rate monitors that are smaller than 24 '' ?
i would like to do a triple monitor 144hz/120hz setup but i feel three 24 '' monitors is just too big for the space i 'm allotted .
i 've done a little searching but nothing seems to come up .
hello everyone do you know where i could join a competetive team of insurgency ?
as you can see nobody got ascended after the kill while i still got 5 points for killing xerath .
u/interestedin86 posts that big oil spent 115m obstructing climate laws in 2015 https www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/4du0k2/big_oil_spent_115m_obstructing_climate_laws_in .
u/muricason posts that there has been a shooting at a us air force base in texas https www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/4dwovu/shooting_at_us_air_force_base_in_texas .
u/imnotjesus tells us people will pick up and use almost 50 of discarded usb drives https www.reddit.com/r/science/comments/4dunol/people_will_pick_up_and_use_almost_50_of_random .
u/abravelittletoaster tells us australian isp customers have used 2686 tb of data over a 24 hour free data period demonstrating that the infrastructure is capable of handling large amounts of data https www.reddit.com/r/technology/comments/4duy7h/australian_isp_customers_use_2686_terabytes_of .
u/quidfacis shares that bernie sanders has accepted an invitation to visit vatican city https www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/4dvzl4/sanders_accepts_invitation_to_visit_vatican_city .
u/eternallightning learns that in 2003 steve irwin was filming a documentary when some scuba divers went missing he and his crew stopped filming to aid in the 2 day search rescue operation https www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/4dw1i9/til_steve_irwin_was_filming_a_documentary_in_2003 .
actor chris parnell invites us to ask him anything https www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/4dsclq/chris_parnell_here_im_doing_an_ama_in_rarcherfx .
u/vish9u asks about the hardest decisions we 've made in video games https www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/4dvoth/what_was_the_hardest_decision_you_had_to_make_in .
u/jstohler posts that edge of tomorrow 2 is happening https www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/4dwf0z/edge_of_tomorrow_sequel_is_moving_ahead .
u/jmcgit posts that netflix will raise prices on 17 million of its standard accounts next month https www.reddit.com/r/television/comments/4dwx53/netflix_price_increase_to_999_will_apply_to_17 .
u/chredit tells us a solar eclipse will be seen across the us in 500 days https www.reddit.com/r/space/comments/4dw4p4/solar_eclipse_2017_countdown_500_days_from_today .
u/zebutt shows us his photo of the clear blue waters in cassis france https www.reddit.com/r/earthporn/comments/4dt28f/occlear_blue_waters_of_cassis_france_5350_x_3566 .
r/cloakanddaggertv a sub for the cloak and dagger tv show
hi everyone i just wanted to get an opinion on whether or not i would get into virginia tech more specifically the corps of cadet program .
i am a junior this year and will graduate in a year and 2 months .
i currently have a 4.1 gpa 1280 on my sat and a 25 act score .
i have only taken the sat and act once and i am planning on taking it again this year .
i heard that colleges look at your junior and senior year for acceptance .
is this a good schedule to keep in order to get looked at highly by virginia tech ?
i have swam on my high school team all my years here and have been swimming year round since 6th grade .
i do a lot of volunteer work inside and outside of school .
i would also love to go into the corps of cadets program too if i get accepted into this school .
virginia tech has been my favorite college for some time now .
no one in my family line has gone to virginia tech .
i will be a second generation college student in my family .
both my parents went to odu but they want me to go where i feel at home .
i toured tech about a month ago and it was absolutely stunning .
i felt right at home with how big it was and how friendly everyone was .
notes decent blue with an envyus sticker and 3 envyus autographs
notes tier 2 pattern with a bit of gold in the blue
long story short i 've been playing on steam for a while but the performances issues are killing me both irl and in hcp league .
i 'm pissed and want to keep playing to recover my losses .
i heard playing on the poe client would be easier on the machine .
i downloaded the whole thing and installed it on an external hard drive to see if it worked it did .
i however would prefer not to play on an external hard drive as if anything happens to the usb cable i fear my game would crash and kill me .
so i want to copy that folder on my computer and play from there deleting the steam version .
re-downloading the game on my machine with the internet speed i have is n't an option at the moment .
update sign up this weekend and get 80 off on the monday tuesday or saturday classes .
i hope this is n't too spammy but i 'm a member of the io west social media team who just finished level 1 this week and loved it .
i thought the community here would like to know that we just announced a 50 discount for our upcoming sessions of level 1 introduction to improv .
see the code below after all the details of course .
students will be introduced to the fundamental skills of io improv .
students will be exposed to the power of listening and building off of other people 's ideas .
level 1 will give students the foundation for creating well-acted creative and hilarious long form improv shows .
great for theatrical and commercial actors as well as students who have trained with other improv theaters .
we have sessions of every day of the week except sunday .
about io west in case you did n't already know
io west is not just a destination for aspiring comedians it is also the actor 's improv theater .
our classes are designed to provide the tools needed to build your career in comedy acting or theater .
as a student you will learn to free your mind to find deeper laughs be more creative with choices and instincts in auditions or performance .
regardless of where you are in your career io west offers the education training and scenic workouts needed to be competitive .
here 's a more detailed schedule with things like instructor names and a link to register .
http ioimprov.com/west/classes/upcoming-schedule we have some amazing instructors for level 1 including one of our new co-artistic directors .
80 coupon code discount80 only valid for monday tuesday saturday sessions
there are achievements for completing chapters in story mode but i ca n't find the story mode in game at all .
i remember an origins mode that a played a bit several updates ago .
i have 1 of 4 tec-9s with a titan holo katowice 2014 stickers on it .
i also have a st p90 trigon ft with the esl wolf foil kato 2014 and the mousesports holo katowice 2014 .
i would prefer to sell them both as a bundle for keys
b/o if you 're buying as a bundle is 35 keys
on y single player world i have recently increased the difficulty slider to 1 so i can get some higher level dinos spawning .
however after changing difficulties and using the new console commands to kill all wild dinos all the dinos seem to be below level 20 .
from what i understand season 11.5 is just around the corner '' .
does that mean the skill revamp is relatively finished and set ?
is it safe to start theorycrafting skill builds and discussing the value of individual skills/stats ?
i was playing around with a skill planner today and i 'm catching the theorycrafting bug .
the old server everyone knew and loved has returned !
its problems have vanished a new owner a new host everything !
just search rusticity 2.0 come by and check it out and join our temspeak !
instead of being all red everything she could be all green wrestling and lead some type of female j.o.b squad
got a throat infection a couple of weeks ago and started to itch a few days later .
within a couple of days i was covered in what looked like measles went to the doctor and was told i had guttate psoriasis .
he gave me antibiotics for my throat and said the psoriasis would clear in about six weeks .
does anyone have experience with this type of psoriasis ?
i know it 's not the end of the world and i can handle six weeks but i 'd like to minimise the symptoms as much as possible especially in noticeable areas like my face neck and hands/arms .
i 've been doing a lot of googling and know that sun is the best thing for it but the weather has n't been great where i live .
in the mean time can you give me any other tips ?
show 's been sold out for a month and one of our friends got sick .
would prefer to hand it over in person outside of the venue to make sure it gets used and not flaked or scalped .
pm if you 're interested just send a good practical application for the pythagorean theorem a noted accomplishment of james k polk and/or the first name of your favorite flansburgh .
i want to create a string that when clicked on certain words will call methods .
i 've tried this but the overrided function is n't getting called .
my first day with the vive it ran flawlessly .
today my second day i 'm getting judder even in games that ran flawlessly yesterday .
basically every few seconds it will freeze for a few frames .
it 's still playable but it is really immersion breaking and is n't great for me as i 'm extremely prone to motion sickness .
the only thing i did today was install some more games and update my controller firmware .
i have a i5 3750k and a gtx 980 .
edit 3 temps are fine 50 for cpu and 45 for gpu .
steamvr perf test still gets me extremely high scores .
currently i do n't believe you can see the what grievous wounds actually does on items like executioner 's calling or morellonomicon .
i think it 'd be helpful to new players if the description of grievous wounds was included in the item description
i want to record voice over for videos direct on my computer i 've got nice microphones and stuff like that but the are all xlr type .
i hit up your twitter for a dreddit is recruiting sticker and i 'm still waiting for this vital war info .
i 'm fed up with all the political posts .
if there 's no content filter please add one for the love of god .
there is a popular misconception among non-nihilists repeated ad-nauseam on this and other philosophical forums that of nihilism a totalising rationalisation about world and particular human life having no general sense and no general meaning being a source of emotional suffering .
i must strongly condemn this false belief as a direct mechanism of ideological abuse of reason .
all neurological studies explicitly prove emotional states are functions of lower brain and operate in complete autonomy from reasoning .
reasoning is a always an aftermath of emotion weather it struggles with them or views them in terms imposed by the imprinted ideological paradigm .
there is no symmetry in human thinking between emotions and rationalisation .
this symmetry is a purely ideological claim a claim that is source of most ridiculous beliefs completely unacceptable by a reasonable mind .
everyone who claims his/her distress is caused by his/her rationalisations about meaninglessness of life in general terms has fallen into an ideological trap and should re-examine his/her condition in a rational manner .
all emotions of depression and distress are proven to be either direct or indirect memory physical and emotional abuse disease imbalance of brain chemistry due to medical conditions malnutrition or substance abuse .
the most common mechanism of depression in nihilists is that of putting blame on oneself rather then on pathological social relations .
it is a strong indoctrination in all cultures that of scape-goating the individual the rationalist the nihilist alienating him seeing nihilism as a source of evil .
the very core of catholicism is precisely a symbolic scape-goating of jesus the ultimate nihilist who proves nonexistence of god during his final moments .
this is one of the most basic concepts of nihilism .
reason is always a threat to ideology all ideologies are constructed precisely on the premiss of expelling that which is true and reasonable .
all societies we live in thou often claiming to be nihilistic are not precisely because they still see nihilism as a state of decay decadence fall .
while nihilism is precisely the state of utmost reason and perfect logical balance .
so to all who are in depression your nihilistic realisation is not the cause of your distress .
it is your social condition that makes you alienated because of your realisations .
otherwise you are not a nihilist just a idiot who had a glimpse of truth without making effort to draw ultimate consequences of that thought .
in that case we have indeed no use of you .
i do n't care if it 's blu-ray or dvd but recently going back to this movie and realizing how awesome it is those deleted scenes like the return to krypton which til cost them 10 million and it was n't even in the movie !
put together and added to the film would be awesome to see .
i 'm guessing no because i ca n't find anything on it except art covers that say 10 additional scenes '' on the back of the box but the running time is still 154 minutes so i do n't know .
i only own the movie digitally and on dvd that has no special features .
so for my new job i have to do my training an hour away .
i do n't drive so this means getting a lift with another person training .
i have mostly gotten over my social anxiety but this fills me with dred .
i 'm not much of a talker and live a boring live at the minute .
i have no idea how i 'm going to endure 2-3 weeks of this .
it appears that my people do not believe that the recent attack on mexican soil was a falseflag operation .
instead they believe you sent a single soldier to raid an entire town and proclaim victory for a nonexistent military .
i write this with deep regret but unless my people change their minds we can not commit un fuerza for the campaign .
i took this photo at a school dance http imgur.com/luvhtg1
and i was wondering what the physics behind this was .
for reference the lights at the dance were essentially all of the colors seen in the balloon 's shadows .
needless to say all the dredged beaches here have lost their charm .
i am dying to see siesta key but in day trip form .
everyone i 've mentioned it to has said it 's three hours one way '' ...
i would like to know how many cryptokeys ive earned and spent overall i would like to know how many rare and common supply drops ive opened .
i would also like to know how many items ive gotten duplicates not included and how many im missing and so on .
i was fortunate to attend the nasa social today and tomorrow for crs-8 .
we 're getting tours of tons of stuff today we saw orion swamp works and got a 2hr science briefing watch the recorded periscope here https www.periscope.tv/nasasocial/1mygnqdgmbykw .
tomorrow we get to on a tour of the vab including going to the roof !
to visit the rocket on the pad more q/a before getting to watch the crs-8 launch from just 2 miles away .
i 'll add more this weekend from tomorrow the launch .
think that boiled linseed oil is a sufficient finish for a maple fretboard ?
i know we are all climbing and i 'm curious how far people have come this season .
for me i just hit silver 4 and aiming for gold 5 by the end of season !
built a dream mini-itx build for the htc vive .
then i had a few issues with starting it power button did n't work sometimes.. and it would turn on as i was trying to push the power supply cord into the back of the case .
i thought it was a loose connection there but the fact that it turned on when i was pushing on the cord and not on the button should have been a red flag .
i just ordered a new power cord like an idiot .
the system also would be found turned on after i swear i 'd turned it off at night but i chalked that up to forgetfulness on my part .
list anything you 've done in attempt to diagnose or fix the problem .
installed my gpu yesterday and had it running well .
but needed to work the hell out of the power cable to get it to turn on.. a few hours later while messing around in unreal engine editor with the tutorial it abruptly lost power and could n't be coaxed to turn back on with power key or with manhandling the power plug .
i panicked opened the case removed the ram to be able to see and checked the power cable to the motherboard to make sure it was plugged properly it was checked the pins for the power switch to see if it was attached it was but loosely .
reseated ram and powered up power button worked like a champ now but ... it did n't even pass post .
no monitor signal just about 5-7 seconds of fans lights and cooler spinning up followed by it shutting down and then restarting in a horrible horrible loop .
it does n't respond to button presses and i need to hit the power supply switch to get it to stop ...
i 've tried reseating the ram twice using one stick of ram once each clearing cmos with the clearcmos pins on the motherboard and then by disconnecting the battery for a full minute .
i also disconnected the restart pins from the motherboard to make sure there was n't a short happening there .
i do n't have a spare power supply to test with but if you think that 's the case i 'll go buy one tomorrow .
i sort of blew my budget and then some.. and then some more.. on the rig and the vive so i 'm hoping to try other solutions before dropping another 130 .
i 'm about to take it apart and breadboard it huge pain for a case like this one but in the event that does n't show the issue does anyone else have any ideas ?
i 'm driving myself nuts after waiting two years for vr and getting so damn close
i hadnt seated it right because of the weird angle i had due to the cramped case .
lesson always take things apart when working in an itx case
hey guys so i 'm lvl 190 kinesis on reboot and i have about 260k range .
i feel like i 'm getting exp really slowly 1 lvl every almost 2 hours in hoh based on calculations and i 've been wondering how long it took someone of you guys to lvl up around 190-210 .
also i feel like hoh is n't that good for solo training is there a better spot ?
any tips for farming on kinesis or tips in general for leveling ?
i have lots of boss and pdr but that is n't helping me with farming lol .
hi all we 're throwing a hackathon to create tech tools for bernie in preparation for the nyc primaries and beyond .
it 's called hack-the-bern and its this weekend april 9-10 .
some impressive judges have volunteered their time including the ceo of angelhack and a senior writer from tech crunch .
know anybody who might be interested especially designers or developers ?
and would you mind helping to spread the word ?
update we 'll be periscoping the opening ceremonies of the event and the judging !
also keep an eye on our hackathon.io page http www.hackathon.io/hackthebern .
teams will be putting up one liners on their projects .
folks from a distance could even contact the teams with ideas/suggestions .
and we 're going to be joined on-site by the campaign director of technology zach schneider .
i bought a second hand s2 about 6 months ago and been learning since then .
i recently purchased a pair of yamaha hs8 and plugged them using 1/4 inch connectors in the main outputs .
however i had previously used the rca connectors and after switching cables around and confirming that both monitors were intact just realized that one of the output is not producing any sound .
i was wondering if this was because it was a faulty output line or because i was only connected via usb i do n't have the wall power cord .
can i try plugging the second monitor via the rca outputs ?
the but where they sing all these lights ... '' specifically on the word lights ''
the recipe called to add butter at the end which she thought was unusual because our mother 's excellent creme patisserie does n't call for it .
but she did it anyway and ended up with creme patisserie with completely separate melted butter stirred through .
now she 's looking through recipes and finding that most seem to have the same final step .
i still want to try some natural alucinogen though and am scared to try the internet .
i 've heard of stramonium but erowid does n't speak too highly of that .
when i say assimilation i mean alien pops changing their ethoses to those who conquered them .
if a conquers b will there be a mechanic for b to get a 's ethoses ?
gmk esc pack from ukkeycaps group buy 5€/key only the three of second row are available http i.prntscr.com/66451b469f9345b896e12eaa38adf52a.png
royal beta 8080 pbt dye-sub only backspace is doubleshot http i.imgur.com/bu35mxf.jpg
og cherry classic beige abs doubleshots iso-de from g81-12xx ca n't remember
shipping tracked under 500g is 5€ 1kg is 10€ 2kg is 15€ in europe .
i always provide a picture of the package and tracking documents together .
i wan na my season back or i go play esea
hey guys i am putting here some of the stuff i 've written over time about batman .
i am not a batman expert just a batman nerd so if you believe i am wrong feel free to argue .
basically in a scripted story it is easy to say oh ... here is my silent window cutter '' when he most needs it or a fucking shark repellent .
but the arkham games that imo are the best portrayl of batman that we have gotten show it in a more realistic manner .
he already knows that he is not going to get hurt and therefore does not budge when he gets punched .
just look at batman 's face when he gets done .
similarly look at this killer croc fight where he sets up a trap knowing that killer croc is about to attack him soon and knowing that he will lure him in the trap .
batman still knows a secret martial art that would probably allow him to beat up the world 's greatest fighters ... with his hands tied https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=9bqwu8viuhs nohtml5=false t=25s .
batman still works out harder than any other human .
even after he got attacked by the scarecrow in nolan 's batman the first thing he did in the morning is do a set of push ups https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=wdnhvuy5ua8 nohtml5=false .
snyder 's batman was strong enough to lift extremely heavy debris that was crashing a man .
his ropes allow him to move extremely fast he has sonar vision aka detective mode he can detect who is scared who is aggressive who is tired who the weakest and strongest opponent is he can uses gadgets that deactivate guns he can stun his enemies he constantly does awesome take downs even in the tim burton movies where he crashes from the windows and behind walls .
there is a whole documentary saying how batman 's gadgets are totally doable and is worth watching .
memory materials that would allow his cape to open up for him to glide .
the tumbler actually could and did jump for real .
it had two electric engines one in each wheel how awesome is that ?
this also explains why executives wanted nolan to direct james bond to bring q back and provide james bond with gadgets that would blow our minds in this century .
very often people are discussing about whether or not it is a man or a whole army .
most of the people he has chocked out ... have n't even seen him .
basically there is a fight between good and evil .
and good is about order and law whilst evil has more weapons in its arsenal by default .
so good has to prevail through impediments and obstacles .
it plays by the rules otherwise its not good any more .
if batman wanted to be good he d become a cop and play by the rules .
but this does n't work in a city as corrupt as gotham .
so he hides his face and fights crime using weapons the good side is not allowed to use .
he breaks bones all the time he spies he hacks computers .
so he needs one rule to distinguish him from the bad guys at least to some extend .
mainly because his father was a criminal during his boxing days before he got blinded by the toxic water accident .
batman is a character that has evolved a lot along the years .
he is not some dude that was bitten by a radio active bat.his stories are more than that and there are reasons why a dude with zero super powers is pretty much the most popular super hero in the world and recognizable brands .
basically you put a high tech ninja in a no kill scenario and you got batman .
you place a dude dressed up like a bat on a jet plane and make him rain bullets on smugglers that did nothing wrong and you got snyder 's bat man .
me or you can come up with substantially better chase scenes than snyder came up with .
he even shot a gigantic loud blinking piece of junk on the track to trace it .
use some kind of high text lock down sonar technology .
like the detective mode in the games or the blind mode in daredevil .
have him choke out people till he eventually gets cock blocked by superman .
when he is on the bat plane have him eject and glide down with his cape .
if i wanted to see die hard i 'd watch die hard .
just ignore these scenes because i am maybe among the biggest snyder fans even having defended suckerpunch numerous times before but that was a massive swoosh !
like ... has he even picked up one comic ?
and dont give me no crap about the bat murdering people in burton nolan or the early comics .
the following events happened on this day in history !
hunter hearst helmsley vs duke the dumpster droese http network.wwe.com/video/v32095165/milestone/36775101
shawn michaels hits sweet chin music to jerry lawler http network.wwe.com/video/v32095165/milestone/36775131
steve austin vs scott hall with x pac http network.wwe.com/video/v520512783/milestone/523908883
04/08/2002 lesnar road to undisputed title the next big thing arrives http network.wwe.com/video/v538730983
jack swagger and zeb colter vs alberto del rio http network.wwe.com/video/v31324299/milestone/31354685
r truth santino marella and zack ryder vs 3mb http network.wwe.com/video/v31324299/milestone/31354753
bellas rhodes scholars vs funkadactyls tons of funk http network.wwe.com/video/v31324299/milestone/31354913
jack swagger with zeb colter vs dolph ziggler http network.wwe.com/video/v31968751/milestone/36942251
i 'm from northeast arkansas and i 'm planning a trip to kentucky to canvass for bernie .
i 'm not sure what day or days i can come up yet but i 'm trying to get the ball rolling on this !
broke my wrist years ago and never really rode a bike since then .
just thought i 'd share that i 'll be doing my first trail in about 3 years this weekend .
you guys probably get this a lot but what started as a hey i might as well see what 's happened to pc 's since i got my mac in '09 '' has now turned into check out my new i7 ! ''
the first was right after i loaded a flash player radio thing .
irony was it was a relaxing '' station when everything froze and i heard a horrible buzz and needed to reboot .
the second was after reviving it after it went to sleep .
i saw a blue blinking light on my fractal and when i rebooted my wacom intuos mouse drivers needed to be reinstalled .
i had just downloaded ccleaner could it have removed my drivers ?
as an example if i boil a kettle and make a cup of tea and then leave it on the side will it stay hot for the same amount of time as if i boiled the water in some other way ?
once a body reaches x degrees is it irrelevant how it got there ?
so i completed my build roughly two years ago and since then i have been using a dell ultrasharp u2312hm monitor .
recently i have been looking to upgrade to a 27 '' 1440p monitor .
now my question is regarding the graphic card i currently have .
do you guys think it will be able to run games at 1440p without any major issues ?
or do you think i should update the card ?
i have fallen off the loop when it comes to this stuff so any advice is appreciated .
quite a lot of times i find myself using one bullet of one gun for crowd control and then burst fire of another gun to finish off the enemies .
that proves quite tricky when you have 10 guns and first gun is in slot 2 and second gun in slot 8 and the chance of getting hit goes up significantly .
what is the name of the song that plays here during vesemir 's death ?
it is time for a upgrade i have no more room in my big box store highly over priced stackon steel safe .
the value of my contents and space far exceeds what i currently have .
to be honest everything i look at in stores is very expensive for what it is and lacking of space .
i feel like everything i look at does not have equal value to the cost .
my new home has a basement one room in it is quite large and exceeds beyond the primary structure .
it is surrounded thick concrete walls and nothing but earth its over a concrete porch .
i already planned to make this a man cave for all the things .
has anyone here invested or have experience with vault doors ?
i feel like this may be the best option to have where behind it i would not have a need for perhaps just 1 safe where i can keep the higher valuable items/documents instead of buying another gun safe every time i run out of room .
i went and got tolman 's bracelet tried to go back to sarn through tp .
disconnected and on relogging after several tries i have to do it again .
what is up with all the disconnecting and the like this league .
happens quite a lot for me and my friends .
have we heard anything about reasons for theese network instabilities ?
the mist wallet is a big load of horseshit .
every version since 0.51 constantly crashes or has 0 peers forever or it never syncs .
the 0.51 is the only stable '' version because it crashes only once in 30 minutes and sometimes it has 0 peers forever but if i try it many times it sometimes works .
0.52 never downloads any blocks and can not sync in runtime .
and the 0.6 versions just keep crashing all the time .
the wallet developers must be drunk when they code it because they just release crappy releases that crash constantly and are not useable .
how can a newbie get used to ethereum if the wallet doesnt work ?
seriously we need a stable version quickly because this is just horrible .
i have pondered this for a while and surely the most hygienic option is to pull on the way in and push on the way out ?
i now have at least 18000000 experience points in the runecrafting skill .
hi i just thought i would mention that i get janus has stopped working ... '' immediately after starting the program .
sorry if this is the wrong place to post this .
i was n't sure where else to send bug reports .
i 'm on this subreddit a lot and noticed that some questions get asked over and over again .
wouldnt it be useful to make one big thread for each have the community pitch in the answers/info and then tag it from the sidebar ?
new to touring what bike/gear do i need ? ''
everyone pitches in with some good answers and bam ! instead of repeating everything all over for every person that asks we can redirect them to a huge collection of answers to his or her question .
so i 'm buying my first bike in around a month .
i got my eyes on a kawasaki ninja 250r 09 with around 68k miles on it and a yamaha tdm 850 95 with around 50k miles .
it seems to not have many miles left being a sportbike and all .
second regardless of the state of the bikes i feel i should know at least some motorcycle maintenance .
is there maybe a good beginner 's guide online ?
i basically know nothing as of right now and i do n't want to consult fix it friday '' to know a screw is loose .
especially in expert mode where i 'm going to be swarmed by goblin invasions blood moons solar eclipses ... ... you get the point .
is there any place that is completely safe to build a base where i can relax after nearly dying from something like a giant tortoise and not get overrun by monsters ?
1 ★ falchion knife case hardened well-worn http steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198058227270/inventory 730_2_5743999827 0.39691585302353 http csgo.exchange/item/5743999827 27 sold for 26
i 'm relatively new to bicycling i rent bikes while traveling will ride the lakeshore for fun every once in a while etc. .
i 'm in my mid-twenties in-shape and am 6'4 '' .
i want to begin commuting to work 4 miles each way .
i would like to spend less than 1000 on the bike .
my only intentions are city riding to work to the park errands etc .
started losing last june and was great through thanksgiving weekend .
since then 4 months has passed and i am on a total slide .
eating at a deficit became the exception not the rule and now i 'm seeing some friends tomorrow who i have not seen in awhile and i 'm pretty devastated .
hoping i feel better when i wake up in the morning .
i 'm on day 2 of eating at 1500 and working out both days so that 's a start getting back on track .
what do ya 'll do when you feel this down ?
in december i was 162 but could be as high as 180 now .
by levelling up my invention skill i achieved at least level 99 in all skills .
i just opened my laura mercier translucent loose setting powder and parts of the container chipped off i have n't dropped it on any hard surfaces i 've done some traveling recently so i 'm thinking maybe the stress of my makeup bag or something could 've bumped into my bag could 've weakened it ?
i 'm thinking of like gluing the pieces back on since there 's a gaping hole that powder will fall out of even when capped but i 'm not sure if using something like super glue will be safe on something that goes on my face ?
had to swap the driver in the driver list to nvidia to get hdmi video display but no sound .
not even an hdmi option in the sound panel .
here 's some info i figured you guys might need .
client shell bash 4.3.111 running in gnome-terminal inxi 2.2.28 quote
i levelled my invention skill i am now level 99 .
it started off pretty small but it 's gotten a lot worse .
she 's been to the doctor and he just gave her antibiotics .
she 's had this going on for about two weeks now .
it was a circle of bumps and now it 's just a big raised circle .
when she puts and bandage on it and then takes it off there is yellow and red stains on it .
while it is true that having bipolar disorder affects our behaviors and many areas of our lives i do n't believe it is our entire identity .
what interesting life experiences would you like to share ?
personally i aspire to be an atmospheric scientist and the ceo of a science-related non-profit that i have come up with .
a long-standing hobby of mine is being a metal vocalist .
a new hobby that i picked up recently is reading comic books .
an interesting thing about me is that my username is derived from numerous times where i led a wolf pack in a howling session at a nature preserve .
edit wow i 'm surprised and gladdened by the response !
i 'll try to reply to most of you .
if i do n't respond to you thank you for taking the time to respond and partake in this conversation .
one port works perfectly fine and the other one ca n't even read a flash drive .
to explain it further a flash drive will light up but then nothing will happen .
i bought it from amazon with prime in december and i can usually convince them pretty good about returns i have returned something i had owned for 3 months in the past .
should i contact amazon or even corsair about having them ship me out a new one ?
if i did have to go through corsair what are the proper steps that i need to take ?
post your gamertag and i will send you an invite .
even if you move the lighthouses a very small amount we 're talking like moving it 1 degree from plugging/unplugging it recalibrate it .
i 've had some super weirdo issues like seeing chaperone appear above my head as if i was 3m under the floor and recalibrating fixed it .
i have an interview tomorrow and i am from out of town .
will only be in indy from about 11am until 5pm tomorrow .
i need a good luck bj or something to take the edge off before i try to get a life in indy .
emails at first i 'll include it in my pm then we can exchange digits or kik .
i 'm white clean above average size dick size but not huge .
please send pics in the email and serious replies should say something about their favorite dog just to make sure you 're real
so i 'm probably pretty late on this but i 'll make this post anyway .
after watching the answer i 've noticed some similarities between fusion and real world issues .
in the episode we see that homeworld gems are disgusted by two different gems fusing with each other i believe that this is an allusion to homosexuality .
it 's completely normal for two of the same types of gems to fuse but everyone is weirded out when two different gems fuse even though it really is n't much different .
it 's just like in real life straight people think that their way is the right way are disgusted by same sex relationships .
two or more of the same type of gem fuse normal straight two different types of gems fuse unnatural '' gay .
to be clear i do not think that being gay is weird '' or unnatural '' i 'm just saying that because i know that 's how a lot of people view it obviously since it has unfortunately only been legal for a year .
i 'm also aware that not all straight people are homophobic .
i 'm sure that people have posted similar theories but i thought i 'd share anyway .
it launchs from steam then the launcher comes up on monitor i signed up then i launched game x64 but then the area in the hmd charges to a darker one but the game just stays on the monitor i havnt tryed starting the campaign just the welcome to vr tutorial .
i may have the oppertunity to move from japan to china in a few months and in japan i have found that knowing even a rough outline of the time periods some forces at play and the names of a few important people has really helped me appreciate my stay here more .
i want to do the same with china but it just seems so daunting .
i tried a chinese history podcast and i think it is good but it just seems like an endless cycle of dynasty after dynasty being overthrown .
i struggle with finding the important and cultural significant forces events and people .
so where do you recomend i start for china 101 .
im open to not only books youtubes channels podcasts but also general hints and guidlines .
for example how much of the written history is semi mythical and where does that end ?
hello everyone it 's me again i came here to know how i get somo ingredients ... at this moment i want to be professional in gathering cooking and alchemy but i cant find some ingredients on market place ... i 'm looking for fruits aloe eggs i dont know if i need buy nodes or if i can take it by myself if i can take please share some prints with locations !
in other words death must be the most amazing release ever and we 're lucky we get to live because that means we get to experience death
the only time i 've ever told people i 'm bi was when i was quite drunk and then i regret it the next morning every time .
wtb some supreme stickers lmk what you have for sale
i have been a fan of formula one grand prix racing for over 35 years .
over the years i have rarely missed watching each race in its entirety .
that is until last year when it became evident early on that hamilton/mercedes would walk away with the title while trying hard not to make it look too easy .
i started watching more indy car indy lights and gp2 when i could find it .
needless to say f1 races have become too boring because they are too predictable .
that is true for comedy music theatre and sports .
it 's not much of a show if there is no surprise .
for american fans we have always felt like the unwelcome neighbors peering over the fence at the f1 pool party .
there are not as many of us as there could be because there is already an oversaturated us sports calendar other easily accessible american motorsports options and not a us team or driver to route for .
everyone including gene haas himself has maintained low expectations for a new american team coming to compete in the mess that is f1 .
most of us were just hoping it would n't be too embarrassing .
the drama and entertainment has come as a surprise .
gene has approached the endeavor with clear purpose clear business objectives clear understanding of what he does n't know and the maturity and confidence to seek the expertise of the european partners who do .
and i am not even going to mention or compare the michael andretti approach to f1 and his rather tenuous relationship with his mclaren teammates .
suffice it to say that most of his american fans including this one believed he could have done better with more of a humble teachable and fully committed approach .
hard to say what was really going on in the team but one thing is certain ... expectations were on a mario albeit biblical scale on one side but pitched up against none other than the late great ayrton senna as a teammate on the other .
talk about being between a rock and a hard place .
the point is that expectations were not well managed .
with haas f1 the expectations have been very well managed .
the old adage comes to mind under-commit and over-deliver .
his personality humility integrity down-to-earth style manner of speaking intelligence approachability efficiency focus attention to detail ability to create strategic partnerships and most of all his open cards-on-the-table approach is so different than anything i have seen in f1 .
for americans gene 's style speaks volumes about what we love about this country and what we would like the world to see as a true american ambassador of strong values hard work and integrity without the stereotypical arrogance you may have noticed with at least one of our current presidential candidates .
i would say gene haas for president but we first want him to just earn a degree of respect within the pinnacle of motorsport. first things first .
we applaud gene for respecting f1 and those with the years of experience in the sport .
he is smart enough to know what he does not know .
the combination of gunther steiner gene haas romain grosjean and esteban gutierrez makes for great entertainment .
i wish it was a reality show with cameras following them everywhere .
we have come to love gunther and we love romain and esteban .
hard not to like them but i guess there are some .
some even from the highly respected williams team who have stated that the haas approach and entry may not be good for f1. really ?
not good for f1 to have an american team to potentially wake the sleeping giant that is the us market ?
not good for f1 to have a more efficient model of collaboration that makes it possible to enter the sport with enough support to be competitive ?
is it good for f1 to have teams pay the incredibly high price to enter the sport just to get lapped 3 to 4 times by the field because the learning curve is so steep ?
is the haas entry and approach not good for f1 or just not good for williams ?
the show and the fan interest is the proof of the pudding .
in melbourne everybody was surprised that the ferrari boys got the jump on the start .
we had a race at the front and we action in the pack .
haas team was fortunately and unfortunately involved in two of the biggest surprises of the race .
the terrifying shunt with gutierrez and alonso which ended surprisingly well and then the surprising race pace and final some say lucky sixth place finish of grosjean .
as the final laps were winding down i was actually standing and cheering at my tv set while watching a grand prix .
i do n't remember the last time i cared as much or was surprised as much by a formula one race .
for bahrain i was standing on the sofa cheering as grosjean in a new haas car with an american flag on the side was taking the fight to the likes of williams toro roso and red bull .
it was as romain said an american dream come true and not just a lucky red flag fluke .
maybe i 'm the only one but suddenly this 54 year-old american fan in california was jumping up and down on the sofa pounding my chest as grosjean crossed the line in p5 .
it may not be good for my sofa but i ask you is this not good for f1 ?
well seems like it 's been a while since i did something inflammatory towards the establishment here .
first i implored banshee get a rework which i still wholeheartedly believe .
she 's underplayed has a next-to-useless ability that plenty of other frames do better and has a ravenous fanbase that 's already sharpening their claws to go after me .
why run around with a glorified roomba when you can have an attack range greater than 10 meters or have you know some ability that actively impacts the battlefield like direct damage or cc or turning you briefly invisible ?
pro tip most ability casts do n't count as attacks and wo n't break a shade cloak .
but today i '' m going to talk tonkor .
i ranked 'er and i banked 'er and though the shots did a lot of damage the awkward arcing and only having two shots per reload hampered my enjoyement of the weapon .
and it 's probably going to continue to sit .
because here i am with this weapon that i am utterly surrounded by people proclaiming just how kickass it is and how it 's the best weapon ever and seriously tonkor tonkor tonkor ... all over the place .
cookie cutter builds tonkor war carrier tonkor war carrier tonkor broken war carrier on and on and on .
i 've had people brag to me about how their fully formad tonkors could get 10k critical hits .
meanwhile i sit back watching an unformad tigris pushing comparable numbers as base damage .
not even the funky nightmare mod that adds in somethi-no .
i pull that trigger and one to three things in front of me die halfway across the room immediately .
i turn release that trigger and one to three things in that direction die .
fully formad my sancti tigris is pushing over 40,000 base damage a shot .
and yet still there are people going around with this awkward to use two-shot grenade launcher because they 're afraid of a little splash damage .
my friend 's secura penta would like to say hi .
those grenades are command-detonated by the way letting him lay traps with those strategically .
and then there 's the hek and the vaykor hek both of which can easily push out a damage total in the five digits with a good tight spread and the vaykor hek is the crit-buildable shotgun .
it feels like to borrow a term from magic the gathering 'netdecking ' .
possibly 'net-decking ' i dunno the standard 's gon na change tomorrow anyways .
people have n't tried and worked and arrived at a build they enjoyed no .
they had one thrust upon them by someone else was told this thing is good ! ''
and immediately went at that one weapon instead of branching out and finding weapons that better suit their playstyle .
i 'm currently in the middle of trying out new sentinels and sentinel weapons the djinn seems to be a current front runner and i 'm amused by the stinger .
do n't go playing the tonkor for the fifty thous you know what ?
i challenge you to go out there and without looking up some damned tier list grab a frame you never play three weapons you never use a companion you ranked and banked and a sentinel weapon to match .
and i challenge you to take that loadout and play .
go give alad v a drubbing with your weird-ass loadout .
use the randomizer to find a new random weapon not those old defaults no something else that 's barely been touched .
play this game instead of tonkor-at-draco-a-thon '' or blinding-mirage-on-sorties-escapade '' .
break out of what the meta says is 'right ' .
let 's see what 's hiding under the unending wall of yet another goddamned tonkor .
to do my part i am shelving my sancti tigris my vaykor marelok my jat kittag my loki prime my diriga and my vulklok .
i 'm shelving the hek the vaykor hek the soma prime .
my destreza and my ninkondi and my orthos prime .
players received one free duty officer and two free admiralty cards during the 2016 first contact giveaway .
there are several typos in the descriptions of these admiralty cards three in the c-store and two on boxes containing them .
the following sentence appears in the description of the box promotional admiralty ship phoenix smallcraft ''
this reward gives awards the phoenix smallcraft admiralty card . ''
this sentence contains two verbs gives '' and awards '' .
the following sentence appears in the description of the box promotional admiralty ship assimilated assault cruiser ''
this reward gives awards the assimilated assault cruiser admiralty card . ''
this sentence contains two verbs gives '' and awards '' .
the following sentence appears in the c-store description of the item phoenix small craft admiralty card ''
this is a gold small craft card that can be claimed once per charcater during the timeframe of the giveaway . ''
the following sentence appears in the c-store description of the item assimilated assault cruiser t6 admiralty card ''
this is a gold cruiser card that can be claimed once per charcater during the timeframe of the giveaway . ''
the following sentence appears in the c-store description of the item assimilated assault cruiser t6 admiralty card ''
claiming this item will grant you a assimilated assault cruiser t6 admiralty card . ''
the indefinite article a '' should be an '' .
log on to a character who has claimed the following items from the c-store but has not yet opened the boxes .
make sure that you have the following boxes in inventory
hover your mouse pointer over the box promotional admiralty ship phoenix smallcraft '' .
read the description in the item information '' window .
hover your mouse pointer over the box promotional admiralty ship assimilated assault cruiser '' .
read the description in the item information '' window .
open the c-store window and click on the promotions '' tab .
increase the width of the c-store window until you can read all of the text in the left pane .
click on the region labeled phoenix small craft admiralty card reclaim '' and read the text in the right pane .
click on the region labeled assimilated assault cruiser t6 admiralty card reclaim '' and read the text in the right pane .
holodeck ticket 3,958,082 typos related to the 2016 first contact giveaway
holodeck ticket 3,958,082 url '' https www.reddit.com/r/stobugs/comments/4dujpd/typos_related_to_the_2016_first_contact_giveaway '' typos related to the 2016 first contact giveaway url
holodeck ticket 3,958,082 typos related to the 2016 first contact giveaway https www.reddit.com/r/stobugs/comments/4dujpd/typos_related_to_the_2016_first_contact_giveaway
i only tested it out on teemo and twitch but sunfire damaging minions did n't reveal twitch .
edit building sunfire on teemo and dealing damage to minions or jg monsters will reveal you building it on twitch and dealing damage to jg monsters or minions does not reveal you .
this is like the third or fourth time i 've registered for these taylormade giveaways with no success ... .5th time the charm ?
sorry if this is a little incoherent ... just word vomit at the moment because i do n't know what to do and do n't have anyone to talk about it .
my wife and i have been together 8 years and are about to celebrate our 5 year wedding anniversary no kids .
we have both struggled with depression before we ever even met .
and both of us have struggled with weight loss as well .
i love my wife more than i can explain .
she has made me a better person and i have always wanted to be a better person for her .
i want nothing more than for her to be happy .
we seem to go through this cycle where everything will be fine and hunky dory and all is right in the world .
and then one of us slips into a little bit of apathy and it spirals from there .
i have done my best when this has happened in the past we start eating better we start working out again we start having sex more often though i 'm the one with the lower sex drive and we get back to that good place .
i 've started the spiral a couple of times she has started it a couple of times as well .
but now things have changed a little and i ca n't seem to fix it this time .
it has gotten to the point where this is the worst i have ever seen her both mentally and physically .
we both see professional help for our depression before that is brought up .
i 've actually been off antidepressants for a while now but the way things have been going my doctor is thinking we might try them again .
one of the biggest contributing factors that helped with my depression has been losing weight and feeling better about myself physically .
and when she sets off the depression spiral it has always started with how she hates how she looks .
she has never been small she was roughly 230 pounds when we met and 200 pounds when we got married .
i have always found her attractive and tell her that and some times i think she even believes it .
well lately her depression has been getting worse and that has n't helped the weight issue which further fuels the depression .
she is at 245 right now which is down from 260 about 8 months ago but she is back on an upward trend and nothing seems to be helping this time .
in fact me saying anything seems to make it worse .
what change is the last time this spiral started .
we started eating better not just dieting but trying to change eating habits working out being supportive of one another and life was getting better .
well life got a little stressful and it is easy to slip back into old ways then she kind of stalled out ... but i did n't stop with her that time .
i went from 270 pounds down to 200 and have gotten into power lifting as a hobby .
i wanted to show her that it can be done and seemed to have made things worse .
i have tried to be supportive tried helping with dieting tried to go to the gym with her tried being positive tried to help her be accountable with her calories tried letting her do it on her own tried doing it with a fitbit and the list of what i have tried just seems never ending .
the current goal is to get to 200 her wedding weight ...
i have promised her a kitten when she gets there she really wants a ragdoll or the like to have a lap cat .
she 'll be good for several months and then just hit a brick wall and everything stops and i ca n't get it to at least start again .
i just do n't know what to do any more .
we 've hit a wall and been stuck there for about 4 months now .
her depression is getting worse her meds have gone up and now she is gaining weight again .
i love her more than any person i ever have in my life and i just want her to be happy .
she is starting to fuel my depression now to the point where i have to push myself to get out of bed or go to the gym most days lately .
there is this crazy attractive girl she 's 22 ... who i see often at the gym .
well when you see people all the time you tend to start to say hello and then you know conversations and shit .
well conversations kind of led to flirting for the past few months .
i honestly did n't think anything about it at first it might have been happening longer and i was just oblivious in the beginning .
i do n't wear my wedding ring because it hurts to lift with it and i kind of neglected to tell her that i 'm married ... like i said i 've been really stupid .
it is just such a weird thing for me to go from being that fat guy everyone ignores to having an insanely beautiful woman talk to you let alone full on flirt with you .
well the other day she all but said the actual words asking me out .
she has done it a couple of times now i just played stupid but she was far less subtle this time .
i had a legitimate excuse but i did n't exactly shut the door on future attempts ... and i still did n't tell her i was married .
i do n't plan on cheating on my wife .
i have been open with my wife about cute gym girl she knows she exists and knows about the flirting stuff .
she thinks it is kind of funny and laughs at my utter confusion of someone actually finding me attractive .
i just have n't told my wife all the details either .
i hate myself for it but i 'm scared of hurting her to be honest .
and then i 'm scared of myself for letting harmless flirting '' go on this long .
but to be completely honest cute gym girl is the best part of my day some times .
she makes me smile and helps with the pure apathy and nothingness that makes me want to just stay in bed all day .
tl dr my wife 's weight and insecurities have been feeding my depression and leading to stupid thoughts .
not going first unless i 've sold or bought from you before .
i quit csgo 6 months ago and now i 'm back and need to build a humble inventory .
i leave you with this famous quote if you got trust issues i feel bad for you son i 've got 99 problems but cashrep aint one . ''
i totally understand and i 've had some real bad experiences here but i think i 've finally gotten to a point where i might be in a good place and it 's only taken me 5 years .
of course i could be wrong but i hope not .
it 'd be pretty heartbreaking to see all this come crash down .
was one of the firsts through the doors after vip and was still 30 people after they cut off the line
did you try moving around/switching the connections to the hmd and/or monitor ?
edit hmdi connections and are you using an adapter for the monitor ?
student midwife here and as a woman giving care to other women in vunerable situations you find you relate to them when nudity becomes involved .
i would want dignity and privacy so therefore i try my very best to provide it to the woman during my care .
every touch is consented to by the woman unless in an emergent siuation and even then it is discussed with her and her birthing partners why it needs to happen such as an emergent delivery or vaginal exam and it is done in a non sexual manner .
you may have gotten there by being seen in a sexual nature but when you first see a 4th degree tear theres definitely nothing sexual about seeing vaginas anymore !
i 've gone from 71kg to 74kg over the last 3 years of cycling .
i kinda prefer they do n't endorse that way they are n't drawn into a divisive line of well they 're with them so disregard everything they say entirely . ''
like sometimes you 're in a more powerful position by not taking a side and just being you .
bernie can and will win on his own merit and with the people 's voice not because of endorsements .
we should n't fault warren or anyone else but we should try to concentrate on registering people canvassing and making strong evidence-based arguments to both clinton supporters and republicans when necessary
just play on r/slashdiablo you can use any copy of the game you want and you purchased it in the past right ?
there are no bots on slash and the community is extremely friendly and helpful .
you will be given a free annihilus charm whenever you ask for one or at random .
dahood i have been vpn'ing for a few weeks now .
recently i have noticed a severe slow down when loading the vue app on my ps4 like its struggling to authenticate .
there should be a limit set in stone somewhere as a safegaurd .
when does it become the point where we say ok this is the highest taxes can be . ''
because with no limit whats to stop the government from saying well we will just tax everyone 90 .
we will give them all housing and blah blah blah they just wo n't have any money to spend on the things they want . ''
lots of ordinary citizens pledged support to clinton and sanders before a single vote was cast .
what 's the problem exactly other than the shoddy reporting of the delegate count ?
the place is super cool and bob is a really nice guy .
so you want to save it to the folder the master file is in ?
i took out the xws.copy since it did n't appear to be doing anything .
note the beard and who we know that has that kind of beard .
this is real life where real lives are at stake .
we let bush in and look where that got us .
hufflepuff on first what i identify as on here then slytherin and ravenclaw .
i 've never considered myself as a slytherin but i guess it 's okay .
but i definitely agree with pottermore that i am not and will never be a gryffindor too cowardly .
honestly i think cole 's just been beaten down from all the years he 's had to have vince in his hear .
he used to sound much more energenetic when he was younger nowadays he just sounds jaded .
please read this message in its entirety before taking action .
your post has been removed as it either violated rule 1 http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_1 or rule 2 http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_2 .
please check that your post does n't contain the following issues
your own answer to the question goes in the comments as a reply to your own post .
your post will not be approved unless your own answer is removed from the text box .
you must post a clear and direct question and only the question in your title .
your post ca n't be specific to your situation or involve a story .
please make sure to depersonalize your question and remove any unnecessary context before posting it again .
please note once posted the titles can not be edited .
if your title breaks the rules please feel free to make a new post r/askreddit/submit ? selftext=true that fits within the rules .
when you 've removed the answer or unnecessary context from the textbox message the mods for review and reapproval http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2faskreddit subject=post+review+request message=my+post+was+removed+under+rule+1 please+review 3a 0d 0a 0d 0ahttp 3a 2f 2fwww.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/4dv0uk/serious_are_my_girlfriend_and_i_sexually and ask the moderators to re-approve it .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
i do n't feel bad for bob at all .
i 'm surprised he has n't killed linda yet for all the shit she puts him through .
if i was bob i would grab louise and move the fuck out but i guess that does n't make for good tv does it .
easy to clean up with electrolysis using a battery charger ... !
lol he knows he 's lying through his teeth .
do not underestimate bronzies i once had a match where we had an afk twitch .
at min 20 he reconnected and was like wtf are you guys doing whatever i guess i 'll have to carry '' .
everyone was tilted now and was spamming stfu kido bronze and all that .
that was in s4 when i first jumped into ranked .
he looks like he is getting ready to shoot up a church or a school at any minute .
i wonder if lenovo techs might be able to point it out .
or maybe there is some sort of sniffer/debugger to find out what the management tool is doing when you change to fan speed .
i probably did n't phrase it in the best way yeah .
but point is the final score could 've been much worse .
i was n't expecting to win tonight to be honest as much as i wanted the w so to not get completely embarrassed is a moral victory i guess ?
last game we played in oracle ruined my week so it 's nice that this game wo n't have the same effect .
took me 15 seconds to read that telugu should 've payed more attention in telugu class as a kid .
so here 's a question out of left field do you have any email accounts in outlook running on an independently operated not office 365 exchange server ?
if your highly multithreaded software currently overwhelms your old i7 then let 's be serious about it here more i7 is just playing around this is the exact use case for a xeon or two .
we do n't need to care about overclocking we do n't need to care about silly gaming-oriented performance gimmicks or branding but we do love all those cores and that fat cache for more efficient context-switching on all of those threads because we have real work to do .
i concur with the advice given by u/zer0fks and u/wyratt14 .
this is a purpose-built workstation not a modified gaming rig let 's treat it as such .
similarly spending 200 on a midrange gaming gpu why ?
does your software require some gpu rendering performance for something bizarre like an opengl overlay for all of those numbers ?
it seems the only thing we 're even marginally concerned about beyond having three heads is framebuffer memory for all of that pixel real estate .
we 're not overclocking we do n't need to narrow the thermal envelope that drastically .
um bump that 850 evo up to the 250gb model it 's only like 25 more .
if you have to have the mechanical disk for bulk storage purpose built machine !
if it 's the only one in the system make it a wd black .
honestly you 'll probably use the optical drive once to load the os .
that tells me that you 're at least somewhat concerned about proper licensing and that you 'll be running windows .
btw if you 're operating under the auspices of an actual established business entity the home and business licensing terms may be what fits your use case .
just curious it does n't appear to be worked into the budget .
ram is fine chassis and displays are a matter of taste and personal comfort so looks good .
except this time they wont have the world 's biggest surplus that they can just spend their way through the crisis .
how do you reckon the labor terms from 2007 would have went if they started from the budget position we are currently in ?
staying the same maybe but i have n't seen anything about regressing .
ast is up tov are down reb is a little down but that 's towns not wiggins .
he 's shooting better and his defense has improved .
wiggins is averaging 1 fewer mpg than last year .
the hardest part about azie and yas is that the focus on their mechanics takes away from your decision making so it can often put you in a bad position trying to pull something off .
i do have some tips for azie tho try to avoid using your q unless your sure that they ca n't jump on you .
not only is it a source of damage but it is your only soldier reposition and your escape .
also unless your absolutely sure in your ability to ult the enemy into your team favorably just use your ult as a disengage .
yea you fed kassadin but your not helping them by not playing and your missing out on a chance to learn how to play from behind a really important thing !
isnt the sphere just giving her the angel idol buff ?
i would love to but the app is not available in france ...
even tried to get the apk but it did n't work
thanks to reddit we cant let that name fly over our heads anymore .
it 's kind of insane to think we 're at the pointy end of the season and we are only just clinching the number 1 seed props to the spurs !
no it just seemed odd to waste a moment of lucidity to make an offer when you can expedite the whole process along .
rather than rejection losing lucidity or ending the ld should be the main barrier .
so glad they did a 30 for 30 on this case .
i wish they actually talked about how the players got an extra year of eligibility at different schools though .
you can tell by the way he uses his walk he 's pyrrha 's man no time to flirt .
haha agreed with the threes a crowd..when i saw dr.fresch b2b snbrn b2b shaun frank they kept cycling thru like crazy then snbrn got a little greedy and kept hoggin the decks nd fresch nd shaun were just like bro give us a turn !
many side quests have actual impact on the story .
for a game that puts a lot of choice in the hands of the player why do those choices only ever get represented by ending slides rather than actual impacts during the gameplay itself ?
my living room consist of a 700 recliner couch cheap in comparison to others that go up to at least 1200 .
a free loveseat covering the top of it with a blanket and finally an oak board that i am going to turn into a table .
it took me 6 months to get all of those and i am very happy that i did not rush into it .
i am still not done yet but i am going toward the result that i wanted so that makes me happy .
w/r/to the bond franchise i thought craig 's statement telling we had to destroy the myth because mike myers fucked us i am a huge mike myers fan so do n't get me wrong but he kind of fucked us made it impossible to do the gags .
that does n't speak directly to other spy movies like the bourne franchise .
maybe kingsman franchise can bring back some bond-like motifs though i 'm a bit concerned that it will likely be paired with hilariously gratuitous violence since i can not then watch them with my kids .
i was lucky enough to wait but i took a picture of the scroll so i could work on deciphering it in class .
i knew it was a cypher i just played until i got the scroll before i got a chance to decipher it myself .
i ca n't give you my strongest potions because my strongest potions are only for the strongest beings and you are of the weakest !
i can just see the main street in down town flooded with green if we win
he did say he was leaving the competition but it definitely was obvious that he was coming back .
you sound like you dropped out of a school around the 6th grade .
i can guarantee you that you 've never seen the inside of a university/college classroom ever .
but that 's the hallmark of your kind right ?
hit and run accuse and duck hurl unfounded insults and pretend that you're the victim .
textbook self-loather potentially a latent homosexual but i 'd have to get to know you better to truly diagnose you with that .
exactly what part of this story do you not understand that makes you so angry at 'leftists ? '
you think that a guy who was already punished for doing this and whose case was settled in court that forbid him to do it again should be allowed to continue to promote christianity via taxpayer dollars when he should be doing his job ?
this is where you and i differ i think with my brain a well-educated well-read brain at that and you think with your gut .
you have emotional and paranoid reactions to situations and you fail to gather the simple facts before you hurl insults at everyone who is simply pointing out the facts of the case .
he was fired he deserved to be fired and it 's one less crazy-ass christian in the world using a taxpayer funded position to spread his fairy tale of choice .
i mostly experience it with certain sound effects in sound packs 808 's etc .
i thought there might be an enabler in the sounds options similar to the section of checkboxes with reverse normalize etc .
go on a sunday to mcdonalds 59 cent cheeseburger .
i was thinking the same thing wait til the fucking game is over !
a friend of mine could n't get into it either .
guess i might be more into cutscenes and story than most others here haha which is weird as i like fallout for entirely different reasons
awesome i 've been super busy so it 's probably going to take me a while longer to breed them all .
i love her wayyyyyyy more than she will ever love me .
would n't you be a wallaby for a million dollars ?
that makes me feel better about the fact that i 'll probably never be able to go to space .
ended up costing me right around 50 after the gasket vacuum hose and paint.i used engine enamel but im sure you could use a normal high temp paint end get away with it.if your cheap why not buy some 800 1000 and 2000 grit sandpaper and sand it down to a high shine ?
i contemplated just doing that.the enamel flaked in a spot on this one during curing its a shame.if it flakes anymore than it did i 'm going to go about that route and try to make shine with red inlayed letters .
and when he 's out of toilet paper he could use his keanu sleeves
i actually have titles that the rights have been reverted back to me up on smashwords and available through amazon .
i think that we need a more balanced representation of people 's experience with self-publishing .
writing is too much crow about the success and hide any hint of failure .
i 've seen her and another girl fuck a hothouse cucumber like a double-ended dildo .
my point is that she has a much more interesting job than i do .
you could find a way to change the volume throughout the clip .
jay wright makes about 2.5 million per year at nova .
most recently jeff hornacek was making 2 mil per year .
in general top college coaches have salaries that area pretty comparable to nba coaches .
ugh ... that 's a good example of what can happen with a doxie if not managed well .
they can be amongst the most vicious of dogs when left untrained and allowed to railroad over their humans .
my little dude would love to be an asshole but other than barking at the amazon man '' he 's been taught the command be cool . ''
it 's a shame because they really are wonderful if you put in the time and the work .
i could n't even find it in the app store .
i had to open up their announcement on my computer and click on the link to the marketplace through there which is thankfully synced up to my phone .
why did the mods remove the other one with a lot more comments and upvotes ?
trusting a chicken to keep itself alive is a fool 's errand .
expecting everyone on public property or their own to play spot the chicken doubly so .
did they also not bother with a t4 slip ?
how do you know if you are even being taxed properly ?
no in the modern united states children can not legally consent .
it 's completely against the law to sleep with one if you 're not also a kid and even then it seems like it 's a coin toss if you get prosecuted or not .
anyone who says the law supports a child 's consent to sex with an adult in our society is painfully ignorant of the law .
it 's so wrong it 's hard to believe someone genuinely thinking it like claiming cars fly and barack obama is actually arnold schwarzenegger in blackface .
bitter is on the decidedly pro-pedophile kids should be allowed to be coerced into sex by 50 year olds side of it .
really is there a single quote that actually says 50 year olds should be able to fuck kids i approve of this '' or is it more quotes like the harm of pedophilia emotionally is dependent on cultural expectations '' something that we would accept as true without any argument if it was literally anything but pedophilia .
going through the article yes it looks like the overarching premise behind the lawsuits were that it was negligence on the part of the sellers in that they knowingly continued selling to distributors/areas where their guns are being taken for violent use .
i absolutely agree that if this could be proven in a court of law that this would need to be pursued actually .
i feel like that was maybe a huge issue in the original court case that made it fail but i ca n't be certain .
honestly reading the description of the plcaa it does actually say that under it they may also be held liable for negligence when they have reason to know a gun is intended for use in a crime . ''
would n't mother jones ' argument then be true and even under the plcaa the lawsuit would have been allowed to continue ?
this confuses me and makes me wonder if despite allegations that its entirely the fault of the plcaa that these lawsuits are failing that maybe there are other things amiss with the case .
there is a discrepancy we 're not getting and i would not be surprised if there were deeper and more complex issues at work here than either candidate is pointing out .
i agree that it is a legit criticism of the plcaa and is a valid anti-gun argument even if i disagree with it personally .
i would have to argue though that is no less a direct connection then say ... connecting hillary 's vote for the iraq war and the death that ensued which he ended up doing because he was attacked in such a way .
i feel like hillary made it into a personal thing when it need n't be .
while bernie does often mention her vote for that war he has never put it in emotional smeary-sounding words like clinton prioritized the profiteering of big corporations over the parents of young soldiers who died in the war she voted for . ''
does it help to put the phrasing like this to see why it would come off really really badly ?
sanders would have been slammed for that and rightfully so .
my gripe with the tweet was that i felt it actually eclipsed the tragedy by making it about her and her moral high ground .
if clinton had tweeted something graceful like she had been previously like something to the effect of the plcaa allows gun manufacturers to escape from liability .
this is not right and as president i would repeal that . ''
but instead she used it as a foothold to attack the integrity of her opponent which i honestly felt was still a weak attack despite that because of how clear and strong his record actually is when it comes to protecting the american people and keeping their interests and lives above all else .
i also want to slide in onnee last thing that i found in the wiki article for the plcaa hillary clinton stated that she would repeal the law if elected 21 saying they are the only business in america that is wholly protected from any kind of liability .
they can sell a gun to someone they know they should n't and they wo n't be sued .
22 shortly after clinton made this claim fact checker politifact rated the statement false noting that other businesses and entities in america have similar or greater levels of protection against liability and that firearms dealers and manufacturers are still susceptible to lawsuits and liability .
22 '' this further makes me and other people feel like hillary does not actually believe in her own allegations at least not to the degree and with the simplicity of which she has stated .
thank you genuinely for having a civil discussion with me by the way and i 'm super sorry if i at any point was crass and heated .
it 's been a long day and all the negativity and bashing on the integrity of the candidate that i have seen be nothing but endlessly gentlemanly in his conduct more actions than words such as refusing to attack her personally voicing his respect for her not allowing himself to get baited into criticism of the secretary personally and doing his best to talk only of the issues though i know he can come off as a cranky old man sometimes haha just was ... overwhelming for me especially on the heels on what i felt was an incredibly unfair and smeary attack from the clinton camp .
i feel like maybe that 's why sanders reacted that way too .
i do not mean to make you feel like you 're wrong for any of your reasons for disagreeing with me and it is 100 your right to feel however you want to feel i just wanted to voice my feelings and hope someone could clarify why they were saying the things they were .
holy fuck i just saw how big this comment is i am so sorry .
3732 calls left to go 84.5 calls per minute 44 minutes
the new ones have irs and really hold their own on the track but older ones need some suspension work for serious stuff .
please read the thread to see why solo 's character is not changed by the edits .
the change was made by lucas because of his intent to change what he felt about what shooting first said about han 's character .
the daw automation everyone is mentioning is a good one but also the hardware for a durable controller would add a good bit of price to the rack and midi is such a uniform thing that there 's no need for their specific controller to be used to get full functionality and the additional price could turn people off to their unit
thanks i would say i try but it really just comes naturally .
love the theme carpal tunnel and all the bugs this class has .
generic blood demon themed class that apparently does n't suffer from pvp lag as much as my favorite class .
the only solution here is that we need to go out immediately .
san diego is only like half an hour from dfw right ?
they stated that they did not like how non-interactive the deck was not that it was too fast .
it sounds like they intentionally removed the deck in all but name .
i spent close to a year picking apart classical primary sources on the historicity of king arthur and you 'd be surprised how often the idea of arthur as a or the savior came up .
by the end of my research and the thousands of pages throughout dozens of sources and further hundreds of scholars who 've studied the same i can not believe there ever was an arthur anymore .
that said with the number of times that arthur as a savior came up it leads me to conflate the arthur myth with the jesus myth if only slightly .
your post has been automatically removed because you did not include one of the required title tags .
note the automod has a bug and does not recognize 3 letter title tags please message the mod team if this occurs to you .
please read the faq http www.reddit.com/r/sex/wiki/index for more information .
if you have read the faq and still do n't understand message the moderators http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fsex .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/sex if you have any questions or concerns .
1 the fight at the tower of joy most likely took place in 283 since it was one of the last confrontations in the war only stannis ' taking of dragonstone took place later in 284 .
2 grrm has stated that the difference between jon and dany is 8-9 months .
dany was born in very early 284 shortly before stannis arrived at dragonstone .
jon would then have been born in fairly early 283 .
i have n't played it but maybe they are using a spline essentially putting the camera on rails .
i have seen a few videos where the camera seems to flow smoothly in and around the environment and i can think of a simpler way to do it .
have you looked at the data that u/teyah did in the first place ?
he works in a very data driven job to the point that no one noticed what he was doing when gathering data here .
now i know from stats and econometrics that an increased sample size does not account for bias but he has adjusted for such errors like over-reporting bias .
you should take a look at his posts if you already have n't .
he also is n't a whiner he has all his stakes in the relm event and was doing data analysis simply because he is passionate about it .
i understand if some people have been complaining but you should take a closer look at the work that was done before discrediting it .
thing is as soon as people were getting their 12k a year prices would be cranked up to a point where they would be forced to work anyway .
you can not dump that much income into the world without experiencing massive inflation .
i 'm not sure how you got that formatting lol i just copied the whole thing pasted it and took out all the spaces between paragraphs .
that 's what i do and i 've never had an issue like that .
if you want a more even work surface you can look into a cement board that 's used as a fire break in attics .
it 's called hardybacker or wonderboard but you can torch it directly and it only darkens
dirk koetter mike tice ran a power-blocking scheme in 2014 and schraeder was discovered in it after some adjustment time .
he actually did pretty damn well in the old power-blocking scheme he was probably the only highlight on our line that year .
i rose from my desk just as the spirit shimmered out of our phase .
there 's the chairs the magazines the water cooler burbled .
his eyes looked up with that shadow of despair .
i think it is because much less of the body is shown giving less chance to appreciate the size of the creature .
n'zoth looks much more powerful when shown from below and with such a backdrop .
feel free to disagree/shitpost in reply to this just a few thoughts on vaporwave i have
1 vaporwave as a 'genre ' ignores the context which it comes from which is music in its disembodied form muzak '' aka sounds that merely serve the purpose of being sounds not to evoke an emotional response .
vaporwave to me is a recontextualization of that format wherein we adjust our receptivity to what is essentially nonsense/muzak .
in that sense the listener or audience is vaporwave and not the music .
therefore the evolution of vaporwave is one in the same with our own evolution like a globe the two hemispheres can not be isolated from one another
2 the chances of vaporwave becoming exceedingly more popular in the coming years is highly possible due to its adoption by very young audiences and the ease that comes along with producing it .
one roadblock to vaporwaves popularity at least in certain forms ex macintosh plus is copyright infringement .
there could very well be a resurgence of the 'war on sampling ' that we saw in the 80 's and the 90 's .
websites like soundcloud already are waging small copyright wars against people just trying to recontextualize art
3 the adoption of vaporwave by younger audiences is literally a miracle .
because there is absolutely nothing cool '' about it and historically young people like to be told what is cool '' .
there is certainly nothing to gain socially from listening to vaporwave it 's probably something you listen to if you 're extremely isolated .
the visual aesthetic may escape this classification but that 's likely due to its ' intersection with fashion and pop culture .
surely vaporwave is at least the criticism of pop culture by the generation of us who grew up in the late 70 's and early 80 's .
and yeah this is where you might come to disagree with me and i promise you 're allowed to but there is nothing 'cool ' about vaporwave .
it is very close to my heart and always will be but i 'm lying if i say it 's cool '' cus its totally not .
it is pure atmospherics and analysis and it is the limp aftershock of 80 90 's commercialism .
there is something beneath the japanese lettering and self-referential corporate dread that is an ultra-climax of geekdom and isoolated nerdery .
it is almost a self indictment to say i like vaporwave '' it 's not going to get you girls you 'll have a hard time trying to explain what it is to anyone who does n't intuitively already 'get it ' .
vaporwave aesthetics and vaporwave music have a thin crossroads i produce music that i consider to be 'vaporwave ' but to anyone who heard it they would say that sounds like drexciya ' or ' that sounds like incunabula '' .
i think what we will see is a simultaneous growth and diversification of both the visual and audio aesthetics of vaporwave and we 'll see it like some kind of beautiful carcinoma engulf other genres via the visual aspect that sonically speaking bare no resemblance to hke macintoshplus etc .
so truly as vaporwave is a culture of self-analysis between the self and media language it must be a backwards-pointing analysis and therefore can not evolve because it 's not concerned with anything new .
in some permutations of the genre '' we may see something like it but i do n't really see vaporwave as able to predict anything .
i think we 'll just notice everyone elses eyes shifting inward .
once again feel free to completely shit on this post and call me an idiot i 'm very far removed from things and i 'm willing to be wrong .
considering sanders basically implied that obama was n't qualified to be president because he took super-pac money and supported free trade deals i could see obama being a little pissed at bernie over these remarks .
they intentionally leak little bits to keep us all talking about the walking dead .
will they show the aftermath in the season premier ?
google provides it services and its finances operate under a tax avoidance scheme .
blairmore provides investment services and its finances operate under a tax avoidance scheme .
google does not solely exist to avoid tax because it performs other services .
blairmore does not solely exist to avoid tax because it performs other services .
i am not lying i genuinely believe the sole purpose of offshore anything is to avoid taxes if it was not then why not onshore ?
therefore the sole purpose of google is to avoid taxes .
the fact that firms like google and blairmore are offshored to avoid tax does not change the fact that they offer other services .
investors invest in google because it is profitable in part due to tax avoidance .
investors invest in blairmore because it is profitable in part due to tax avoidance .
mossack fonseca is a firm with the sole purpose of avoiding tax .
car is costing you 455 every month give it up and use public transportation .
if you live in an area without public transportation your rent is ridiculously high and are living well outside your means .
145 is an enormous electric bill you either need to ration your heating better or turn off your air conditioning .
500 a month is huge you should be able to shave 100-200 off that .
if your children are old enough that they eat that much food they should be old enough to survive without daycare .
credit card payments should n't be an additional expense pay the debt off asap and only use them from there on out to pay for necessities .
if the card is n't covering food gas or bills 400 is an enormous charge to rack up every month .
ytmnd will always hold a special place in my heart .
i do n't disagree with you but you realize you 're making a argument against homophobia not for men right ?
i 'm pointing out that both men and women face broad stereotypes for exploring their sexuality .
being gay is considered a different gender in our society
'' being called '' gay should n't make sense it 's just used as a insult because of homophobia
whore '' is also an insult that also should n't exist .
does n't change the fact that men and women both face broad stereotypes for sexual experimentation .
because of this it does n't make any sense to use it in this context .
gay '' being an insult is a problem with homophobia not with men sexuality they are not even considered men '' anymore
you 're not going to convince me that gay men are n't men so just leave off that .
my point refers to broad stereotypes that are applied to each gender for sexual experimentation .
if you continue to dehumanize gay men i will simply see it as intentional rudeness .
will i.reddituploads.com urls generated by the mobile apps always be direct image links ?
if not it would be nice if you could publish a not a direct image link '' regular expression for reddit app developers to use .
so it 's hard to completely say without the full question but it could be either .
either this is the initial estimate which they 're booking to allowance for doubtful accounts or it could just be them making an adjustment mid-period in order to be conservative .
you awaken in a dark hospital room there is a bottle of whiskey on the table .
the caps are down by 3 in the 2nd .
the answer to this question lies within the word immoral .
kant would say that moral actions are actions that a good will should want .
an action is good if the determination of the will was the moral law .
a maxime not passing the universal law test has an object of the will that is empirical .
thus it the emerging action can not be good .
we should have found that it is not the concept of good as an object that determines the moral law and makes it possible but that on the contrary it is the moral law that first determines the concept of good and makes it possible so far as it deserves the name of good absolutely .
this remark which only concerns the method of ultimate ethical inquiries is of importance .
it explains at once the occasion of all the mistakes of philosophers with respect to the supreme principle of morals .
for they sought for an object of the will which they could make the matter and principle of a law which consequently could not determine the will directly but by means of that object referred to the feeling of pleasure or pain whereas they ought first to have searched for a law that would determine the will a priori and directly and afterwards determine the object in accordance with the will .
now whether they placed this object of pleasure which was to supply the supreme conception of goodness in happiness in perfection in moral feeling or in the will of god their principle in every case implied heteronomy and they must inevitably come upon empirical conditions of a moral law since their object which was to be the immediate principle of the will could not be called good or bad except in its immediate relation to feeling which is always empirical .
it is only a formal law that is one which prescribes to reason nothing more than the form of its universal legislation as the supreme condition of its maxims that can be a priori a determining principle of practical reason .
if a d man pushes a player into their goalie it 's a goal .
why do n't you turn on screen pinning so he ca n't exit the app he 's on
idk even something as small as a dark bomb would be pretty solid .
getting a 7/7 down and killing something medium sized still seems pretty good .
look back at how good soulfire was when it was 0 mana .
it does not appear to contain a tl dr or any sort of short summary .
please edit your post to add a preferably bolded tl dr .
you must make suitable edits to ensure that the submission confirms to all the rules listed in the sidebar and in wiki r/relationships/wiki/index wiki_about_.2fr.2frelationships relevant for mobile users .
click here once to request re-approval http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2frelationships subject=please+approve+my+submission message=i+would+like+to+request+the+approval+of+my+submission+at 0a 0a+https www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/4du03s/my_25f_boyfriend_28_m_of_five_months_does_not 0a 0a 0a 0a+my+submission+was+pulled+for+*having+no+tl 3bdr*. 0a 0a+i've+read+the+sidebar+and+made+all+suitable+corrections+to+comply+with+the+rules. 0a 0a+/u/la____femme btn and then click send once only .
the re-approval is manual so send a single request only .
multiple requests do not mean faster approval in fact they may clog the modqueue and result in re-approvals taking even more time .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/relationships if you have any questions or concerns .
but it is also hard to kill because you can block their smaller attackers .
most mana dorks are 1/1 's with mana abilities no keywords .
adding keywords usually increases the cost to a 2 cost card with a base power and toughness of either 2/1 or 1/2 typically .
i 'd say this is basically a 2 cost card so you could get away with a 1/2 or a 2/1 not a 2/2 .
that 's why you got ta make the suggestion .
people have been saying buff gateway units since wol .
sb would be a direct buff to gateway unit regen at home .
yeah i do n't really understand what factors go into the price of wine .
my friends usually get something in the 5 15 range and it tastes like feet i 've had wine that was over 100 a bottle when i had dinner at my grandparents house i thought it tasted like feet that have been sweating a lot and have n't been washed in a while .
with hard liquor there seems to be a pretty basic correlation between taste and price .
for beer all the cheap stuff is mediocre and a few are terrible for the pricey stuff it 's either really good or far worse than the cheap bear .
edit i have been waiting more than half an hour and it 's 3am
also there is leftover fear from the tained blood scandal .
when you involve money it 's an incentive for people to bypass safeguards .
and with blood products it just takes 1 nefarious bypass to kill people .
your submission has been automatically removed because your account does not meet our minimum karma requirement https www.reddit.com/wiki/faq wiki_what_is_that_number_next_to_usernames.3f_and_what_is_karma.3f .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/randomactsofcsgo if you have any questions or concerns .
love having boss calvin and all bronzes for the rest .
the 85c white bread i get is n't full of sugar and the 3.50 bread has palm oil
makes buying the 85c bread an absolute no brainer hah
eat a lot of good pasta fuck the lean meat off does n't taste as good and costs more p
peralta is fucking raking ... love goldy chugging im always cringing though because he always look a step away from pulling a hammy
hi everyone thanks for being a part of r\/randomactsofblowjob .
r/randomactsofblowjob/search ? q=title 3aorlando+subreddit 3a 28randomactsofblowjob+or+randomactsofmuffdive 29 restrict_sr sort=new t=all
please keep up to date with some ongoing changes r/randomactsofblowjob/about/sticky ? num=1
remember do n't make yourself a victim of trolls pic-collectors catfish or spammers collecting contact details .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/randomactsofblowjob if you have any questions or concerns .
hmm i 'd be more inclined to stick with a normal brand and just stick a cycling computer on there ... i do n't really know how this concept makes it all that different ?
i 've got a trek at the present and if i upgraded i might very well get another one i 'm super happy with it .
what 's the name of the h. p. lovecraft one ?
i know there are some the changeling queen https www.fimfiction.net/story/35442/the-changeling-queen horror stuck in a closet https www.fimfiction.net/story/157624/stuck-in-the-closet and cheeriling https www.fimfiction.net/story/230443/cheeriling more comedic/slice of life in case you 're interested and have n't seen those already .
is this a joke on riot 's new friends or fuck off '' policy or are you serious ?
your friends are lying servers can only go to 15 chunks max .
if you can only see 10 blocks away that 's a problem .
that 's the default distance for servers though it can vary from 2 15 .
because someone higher up may notice and not tolerate that .
if this is a small or medium company i would only try for a simple raise .
leia has a bunch of political enemies in the republic senate but the republic does sorta fund the resistance .
cultural shifts brought about by the new government and the jedi being almost entirely dead .
plus before order 66 there were a few thousand jedi in a galaxy of untold billions most people had probably never even seen one when they were n't all dead .
i do n't have an explanation for this one .
i 'm droppin an ep this summer early june .
a silt strider trip from seyda neen to balmora should n't cost 193 gold .
at least it is n't a dirty skyrim carriage .
they looked so damn good why could n't we play like that in ot all season haha
i often wonder if there is anyone involved in the show that follows up on such things .
i have n't watched this episode yet but what i 've heard is not ... comforting .
i do n't mind gore i do n't mind grey morality .
however i am very uncomfortable to put it super mildly with as i 've heard so far self harm and rape or dubious consent in murph 's case .
i 'm not sure if i 'm going to be able to watch this episode at least not all at once .
the voting system stifles dissent while making popular opinions more visible .
i was never able to buy the blueprints because of lvl requirement .
i hit lvl 30 and went back to the safe house thinking now i could buy them and i could n't because the requirements went up .
your post has been automatically removed because you did not include one of the required title tags .
please see the subreddit rules https www.reddit.com/r/dogs/wiki/index wiki_tags_and_descriptions for more information .
potential title tags include breeds help vent rip fluff discussion link link fluff link news .
please resubmit your post with one of the title tags beginning the submission title .
example discussion what foods are toxic to dogs ? ''
it 's possible you may experience a delay of up to 1 hour upon trying to repost with the corrected title .
this is a reddit-imposed waiting period and there is nothing the r/dogs moderators can do to reduce the waiting period .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dogs if you have any questions or concerns .
so i 've watched some videos and read the website but from your all 's perspective what are the main draws of star citizen ?
well the phyrexians knew for certain about life on other planes that they could compleat .
they do n't know that there 's any life on other planets if there even are any in mirrodin 's plane or in the original phyrexia 's plane for that matter .
if you know of beings that can jump between dimensions it 's easier to conceive of that and try to do what they do than it is to conceive of extraterrestrial life and try to reach it .
as long as they do n't try and enforce their lifestyle choices on me i do n't have an opinion either way .
if that 's how they 'd like to live then so be it .
just do n't look down upon me because i do n't agree .
i ca n't speak from much experience like rr but in my observations
if your mycelium is rather aggressive then the divots made by twisting and pulling fuzz-over with fresh mycelium overnight .
it 's already 100 or at least should be if it 's been exposed to fruiting conditions but repairs itself likely protecting itself from contamination .
also in my latest monotub hyphal knots have begun to form in the divots .
i see both sides of the argument but pulling does n't seem to be hurting my grows .
when i was trying to start it it almost started but then stopped .
no she does n't have the deal in place but her clients are typically more than happy to hire her for the civil case .
followup question of sorts if the audition says 2 minutes and i 'm closer to 1:40 1:50 is that alright ?
this is for entrance into a school by the way .
i was thinking along the same lines of this being some sort of a reproduction from the mid to late 20th century .
she 's however convinced it is from the 1800 's or earlier .
if it is indeed a reproduction i do n't know how i am going to tell her .
her phone might be tapped now that stan had some time in her apartment but it was n't when she made the call .
she was found on the street so we do n't know for sure .
defends on the year size of the engine and mods .
in stock form my 2012 highball got about 175-180 miles per tank
yeah if someone can punch perry in his cunty face i would appreciate it .
national polls when half the nation voted already sick dude tell me more
and he 's still getting his ass handed to him looks like bernie 's theory about money in politics is proven false
what about an ugly woman that 's convinced she 's fat and ugly ?
i may be wrong but i was under the impression that you only lose ammo switching from ice breaker or side arm .
does n't have to be another commander real life player npc is fine as long as their details says mahon '' at the bottom left to show which faction they 're aligned with .
a good purple aug was all i needed with the pulse smart cover .
the entire division sub is all hard over vector but that 's because it 's literally the only good purchasable high-end blueprint .
it 's my opinion that your gear is more important than your gun assuming it 's level 30 purple .
having the right bonuses in the right places gets you a lot more than you get by having slightly higher base damage .
the game needs some serious balance work though because anything but smg/m1a is more or less poo in comparison .
henrik zetterberg zero goals in the last 10 games .
that 's exactly what it means to be persistent .
it means to accept that you will fail but you will learn from it and keep trying again until you succeed .
your words seem to imply that you think persistence is worthless which is not true .
anything worthwhile that has ever been done has come from hard work and persistence .
a couple times i jumped of into a big barrow of hay .
it always seemed like they were right where i was gon na land..
your mother is astrally projecting to the sound of whoopi goldberg 's voice .
i think he did say it was going to be placed into evidence .
what would they even be looking for as evidence ?
this is possibly a dumb question but since when has the song score taken the ex and exr into account ?
it 's not like that on eng yet right ?
as much as luffy eats i think big mom can eat more .
though it would be amazing for luffy fight to be struggling to eat rather than struggling to punch harder..
but i think confrontations with the yonko will be rather serious so i do n't really see that happening
the devs have made it clear that the game will be set on the surface after the monsters are feed from the underground a la the pacifist ending .
although interestingly they have stated that the story is n't only post-pacifist all endings will somehow be conglomerated into one working fannon they said it works beautifully '' as i recall so why not .
even actual metalcore as in metallic hardcore stuff such as converge really is n't relevant to metal .
much like trying the same on a bicycle you 're not going anywhere with this backpedaling
yeah i wish he was more willing to take a backseat role but i think by saying he needs more touches he genuinely thinks he can help the team by scoring more .
i think the blame falls on hoiberg in this case for not defining his role properly .
i 'm bummed with how he 's playing this year too but he 's still playing at least as well as boozer while making less than half as much .
we would never find a vet big man of his caliber for 7mil on the open market so i 'm pretty thankful to have him even if he 's less than ideal
wtf that suns game winner by teletovic is fucking crazy .
i 've had homes in elder scrolls games and fable that i would love to take inspiration from .
that 3rd place coin flip could be big too .
we grew up in the same city and we went to school together since elementary school however i am her sister 's age .
their family is some of the sweetest people i know .
so shocking i do n't know what to say .
but i 'm also so very sorry you lost your friend .
dude when you name some of their products you are doing brand awareness .
not being rude but why did you think we should see it ?
agreed and i used to work in a call center doing inbound customer service .
not to mention lower morale means higher turnover which makes it more of a pain in the ass for the company to keep doing what it 's doing .
seems to come to the same conclusion as mann more research is necessary .
that 's why i always either cross that bridge one at a time or immediately run back up the ladder if i see the frog .
from my experience he ca n't hit you on the ladder .
well it had me on edge just find it very hard to believe it actually happened .
because whenever these field reports are actually real there 's about a 0 chance they 're actually as calm and collected as they pretend to be with their internet buddies .
aram and poro king at the very least are so close i do n't think it 's worth it to waste our time with poro king .
i do want to play fun game modes and sometimes i 'll play arams but i think making us wait an extra few weeks for game modes we actually want to play is dumb .
i think a lot of that is due to the fact that if you glance at icrackyouridevice 's vids that he makes he adds jailbreak in the title and makes a lot of people comment bad things .
that being said i do n't think he bothers with the little updates solely due to he 's more interested in giving us solid information .
no offense to icu 's channel bc i love it to
it 's the proper way of doing it heathen .
uk:14 cc the hold has just dropped off my credit card !
oh the humanity ... .. am i ever going to see my vive ?
please read this message in its entirety before taking action .
your post has been removed as it violated rule 1 http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_1 .
you must post a clear and direct question and only the question in your title .
please note once posted the titles can not be edited .
if your title breaks the rules please feel free to make a new post that fits within the rules .
if you feel this was removed in error please contact the mods http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2faskreddit subject=help+related+post+review+request message=my+post+was+removed+rule+1 please+review 3a 0d 0a 0d 0ahttp 3a 2f 2fwww.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/4dvelb/long_haired_ladies_of_reddit_what_is_the_best .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
it seems like you 've technically paid your dues with fixing the fence funeral costs etc in my opinion .
if some dog killed my dog by accident i would never start taking money from them .
because you ca n't pay '' for someones death as life is not measured by money .
op really has to think this through if he buys him a dog .
as far as trying foods we are open to whatever is available in new york .
my wife and i enjoyed paris and london cuisins .
we are not fond of very spicy food but anything else goes .
do you have more suggestions or should we stick to what you 've advised already ?
specifically we are looking for a dinner place on the day we arrive near ameritania hotel .
what do you think would be a great place to check out on the first day ?
he was there because she had already injured a different cop with the axe .
his job is to gain control of the situation quickly so that they can focus on providing aid to the injured officer and prevent any other innocent people from being injured .
if he tases her then she is still concious and they still need to focus on her .
they need to focus on the injured not on making life easier for the criminal .
lando and greedo both take a ton of syringes .
i do n't understand why both are sub par at best especially if they nerf nute .
hi how can i be sure that you are the number 6 cookiezi fan
it might be advantageous to be able to see your buddies in dense smoke or piles of rubble before you use your powers to level the next building .
damn did u forget ron simmons has a legends contract ?
of course use game center because it is specifically designed for this feature .
maybe we might have simply because their scope and budget would have been set from the start at a level lower than it is now .
the funding has gone way past what cr initially envisioned it would and the game that they are developing is beyond the one initially pitched .
while that is true i have had rule 4 up for a while which is have fun ... but that is a broad term like meme '' and each person has fun in their own ways ...
scarra was put into a game with a gold player .
qtpie was also recently in a bunch of games with plat players on his feed_lord account which is masters
the opening of this video was confusing and made me think it was some homemade horror movie but once the actual guy started talking straight it was really good and informative .
and yet trump says it out loud and people praise him for that .
or atleast to shift the gop to a more extreme right position so they 'll be unappealing to the independent voter
very similar user name ... how 'd you restore this anyway ?
you 're mistaking blm for a well funded organized movement .
it 's a bunch of people around the country with different tactics and expectations working towards bringing more attention to systemic racism in our police departments and judicial system .
it 's not about what is killing more blacks .
it 's about state sanctioned violence and discrimination against blacks .
i do n't agree with all of their tactics and some of the young men they support are n't innocent that still does n't mean that they deserve to die but i empathize with their struggle .
if you 're ever unsure xbox games always clearly indicate on the back of the box exactly how many players can play together online and locally .
dark souls 1 was the first souls game i played .
i died to the bell gargoyles probably around 20 times before beating them then went on to beat capra demon on my first try .
the patched version is n't too hard at all .
if massive does n't increase our stash in the upcoming update s i found out a temporary solution which is to create an alt or two and level them to 5 in order to unlock the boo and then dump the stuff you do n't have storage space for on their backpacks use the reward bacpacks for an initial 36 capacity .
i 'm currently doing this with my 25 weapon skins
this transmog is actually the typical monkey king look in many stories movies etc .
i think that 's an easy way to identify ns actually .
i cant even look at pictures of my nparents ... the smiles are so creepy and forced .
other ns just look like they 're pooping in all their pictures .
the same is true for usb mice that came with usb ps/2 adapters .
those adapters work only if the usb mouse actually implements the ps/2 protocol .
one comedy club i go to has people freely using both gender 's bathrooms they 're singles so people just go into whatever 's open
i 'll look for them if they are at the musikmesse .
do you have any idea of what you 're saying ?
all kinds of interests push for more censorship online everyday and useful idiots like you serve as their pawns without even realizing .
what kind of job can i get in the campus if i enrol in the work study program ?
most were saying how it was fucked up for someone to do that .
do n't know if you notice but asking your treants to attack enemy hero does n't draw aggro same for all other summons except ld bear .
this is exceptionally annoying for melee heroes without wave clearing ability
what 's your opinion on secular changes to portfolios from changing demographics ie boomers retiring ?
i honestly did n't expect that you 'd make such a post .
haha yeah it may not look it because i talk so much about not having a ship but i actually quite like romance .
so when i think about fairy tail relationships often come up .
i just do n't lean towards any ship in particular but romance overall i enjoy
well what kind of man would say something like that if the universe needed his penis ! ! ! ! !
they had ideas when i was running out of it .
hear hidden voices '' and point them out while practicing there are always some in every piece
play backwards yes that helped a lot start with the last beat cycle sequence then the one before ... until you reach the beginning
good luck i am playing for 30 years right now and it was the best choice
i will however be perfectly content once the official app has implemented force touch .
killing people instead of letting them escape has been the mo of prisons since ... forever .
this man 's crime was 1st degree murder ... against a goddamn baby !
i 'm the biggest proponent for prison systems focused on rehabilitation know but i would have shot this guy .
i 'll happy see thieves and cos rehabilitated but i do n't think here is much you can do for baby-murderers .
anyone who ca n't laugh at themselves should seriously consider moving to the middle of the desert to play with their dick while telling themselves how great they are .
pls isis record that might be a niche for that .
people get hyped over a new progressive server because they want to get in on the ground floor and play through the content without a big gear advantage .
people around here got hyped over theatre of dreams and that was pretty mediocre .
the fact that nostalrius just got closed means there are now thousands of people looking for a new server to play as well .
it looks horrible like everything else she 's done since gg .
i 'll have the chow mein orange chicken and honey walnut shrimp .
you missed soraka for support and jhin on adc .
why did you have the chef character get back with his wife at the end of chef when all of his chemistry was with his sous ?
just to be clear i 'm suggesting the gain on the reporter's microphone was possibly turned up .
it 's possible that the speech was inaudible from where he was across the street it 's not like the band video is recording studio quality after all he turned the gain on his own mic way up to try to hear it picked up the inevitable noise that would come if he did that and mistook that noise for sound masking being pumped at him .
that would be better if i did n't need the extra sbr 's .
there seems to be a lot of flex available based on what you need going in with the new skuld .
i honestly think nisekoi is bad as a whole i do n't know why i keep coming back
does the vlasic shirt have his name and number on the back or is it plain ?
okay ... so beating him easily is n't really a thing for me .
i 've beaten him 1 out of 4 times with the team you suggested .
even with ssj3 goku in the mix i ca n't seem to take a full turn of attacks without using a yemma .
if he attacks 3 times in the same turn which he does very frequently i 'm forced to add a senzu on top of that .
but with 48k health i ca n't seem to survive for more than a few turns against kid buu .
the only reason i beat him that one time was because he happened to only attack once per turn every turn .
with broly i just needed some agi blockers with the rest being burning fight characters proper character placement and setting up enough blue spheres to use a sa every other turn .
with cell an all int team with a couple stunners won the fight easily .
with buu i ca n't do a mono str team due to the 2 fights beforehand and he does more than half my health in damage to any non-str character .
not counting his sa that does more than 3/4 of my health when blocking with a str card .
sorry to rant about it like this but this fight is really frustrating me .
thanks for putting together a team for me that has a chance .
guess i 'll just try and get lucky 2 more times for the super buu dokkan and call it good on this fight .
yeah they should have had a red jersey for home and green jersey for away matches .
artstyle wd is very amazing ... .he is always so far away or hide in a spot that cant be cancelled at all remember there is a vs in the game and is not ez to not get cancelled
3100 gold for a sven can be game changing .
i 'm not talking about whether what they did was illegal .
they can fire him for perfectly legal-yet still complete bullshit reasons .
but his actions are petty and low brow and do n't serve to better anything .
his former employers now feel justified in their decision his former coworkers think they probably were justified and anyone who sees this wo n't be on his side of things .
no data coverage ... the true marker of when you 've reached the wilderness !
the warriors play so effortlessly that it looks like an exhibition .
we need things to be slow calm and predictable .
the warriors relish chaos and live above the rim .
we get older talent that are in it for a ring .
they draft young guys who are out to prove night after night that they 're the best in the world .
we throw in the towel when things get out of hand .
the warriors only push harder and claw their way out .
we 're not a stepping stone or a pole vault .
we 're a proving ground and the warriors are here to show that their style-of-play is the only way forward for the nba and right now it looks like they 're right .
i did n't think it was particularly effective gun decent but so many better scouts in the game but damn does it look cool in both first person and on your back in tower !
i have a 4.5 year old weim who i 've had since he was a puppy and am getting another pup in a few months .
they take time and dedication but love their people like no dog i 've ever owned .
if snuggling was a sport they 'd all be olympic gold medalists .
we could always just go with dj khaled 's one-state solution plan http www.themideastbeast.com/dj-khaled-presents-one-state-solution-to-israel-palestine-conflict-wethebest-istan ?
solution 1 decrease prices drastically so people are motivated to buy cashshop items more frequently without reluctance
i would like to play some alts with costumes too but i 'm not willed to buy further costumes for that price .
evidently i was upset enough about this i 've got a bit of an emotional connection to a couple ships ... today for other people to notice because three people one of them a teacher asked me if everything was alright x
i dont get why they put poro king in the rotation .
and that 's why the media could n't use the word rape because the majority of people ca n't seem to distinguish groups of other cultures very well .
plenty of articles now stated that it were mostly asylum-seekers from morocco and algeria which is the relatively well-off region in north-west africa .
that is quite far away from say war-ridden syria .
so to only throw these things on being a refugee or muslim is a significant understatement .
jump away with the loose cannon lose 80 health charge mid-air and hope i can hit someone before i fall to my death .
i do but you still have to wait for it to get down .
upload through imgur and make sure to not submit into user sub .
this submission has been automatically removed because you did not include a question mark ? ''
reddit does not allow post titles to be edited so if you would like you can post the question again .
please write your title in proper question format and include a question mark thank you .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
when westhoff goes to the hairdressers does he ask for the dixon ?
there was a guy that streamed it on twitch before but i think he stopped so youre fucked mate .
there 's 1.8 billion of them all around the world .
good luck finding a place where they ai n't there .
are the other posters here living on the same planet as me ?
nothing he 's done is illegal ... because our laws in this area are full of loopholes the size of barn doors .
because they were written by and for people like his dad and the other three generations of stockbrokers in his family .
the only reason he does n't have a stake in his dad 's company anymore is because he sold it for perception 's sake when he wanted to be pm .
and he made a nice 20k of profit doing so .
that 's more money than half the country makes in a year .
what he 's done is absolutely immoral absolutely against the spirit of the law and proves once and for all that all his previous talk on tax avoidance is empty and hypocritical .
people should n't be demanding his resignation they should be baying for his blood .
i stayed at a property once out on the west coast of the us where they told us that it was haunted and the spirit in the room did n't like men very much .
my boyfriend woke up with random bruises that he did n't have when we went to bed .
bought some case off amazon that looked like it came with one only to get a real low grade film protector .
i temporarily shifted work schedules and was trying to account for the new sleep-wake cycle and failed .
i tried to get fifty calories back and added fifty calories to the end of the next day to make up for it .
i 'm not bragging about reaching the goal for february i even posted here at the end of february that i was really close but did n't make it and that it was my own fault .
if anything i 'm actually pointing out a bug caused by updating watchos .
i had long accepted that february did n't count toward anything but the update gave me the achievement anyway .
if i could go back and delete whatever data i need to to remove the february achievement i would .
but i already tried to remove data on the cheat '' day and i discovered that removing workout data does not affect the daily calorie progress at all .
i mean that tysha is still married to tyrion .
my friend texted me and told me to grab the beta .
i did not even know this game was coming out and i am doing a bunch of research on it .
it 's because of the refugee/rape thing if i understood it right .
sometimes you may prefer an oem other times you may prefer a third-party—it 's a per lens thing the brand has little to do with it .
if you prefer the nikon in this case get the nikon whatevs .
they broadcasted worlds 2015 finals last year and now they announced that they will cover esl manila and probably would also broadcast manila major .
i mean i can sum up how i got fired '' from one of my jobs .
so i start work there and the first week is fine .
food running is n't that hard and i 'm a quick learner so by the end of the first day i got the menu down .
3 weeks later i get asked to work memorial day and i say sure i guess i can .
i get sick that day and need to go see my doctor because i was afraid it was strep throat .
i call in first thing in the morning and the manager '' of the front of the house is a first class bitch so of course she 's the one who answers .
i tell her i ca n't come in i 'm sick and need to go to the doctors .
fast forward to when i go back to work the manager of the restaurant cool guy not the bitch says its fine and i 'll be back on schedule next week .
next week roles around and management is pushing him out of the picture and the bitch is now going to be the manager .
i did n't get a single working hour for 5 months despite me constantly updating my hours of availability and contacting her for work but i keep getting reassurances that i will get hours soon '' despite her basically having a revolving door of new employees coming in to the restaurant .
i basically went in with the intent of getting hours or telling her fuck her and i quit .
i did n't get hours so guess what i told her .
it looks cute when it 's natural because it 's kind of a quirky feature .
but i rarely see cute drawn-on or plastic surgery ones .
they say it looks youthful but it just makes everyone look so tired when forced .
especially since older women in korea also get surgery for aegyo-sal .
it 's not a scam but a 5 robux discount is fucking nothing .
just out of curiosity how would one go about finding a roman catholic church which is not the vatican ii sect ? ''
not looking to convert but wondering how people are expected to recognize the distinction you 're trying to draw .
the frisky wombat on 5th ave just past mlk .
it is a roo themed establishment frequented by middle aged divorced aborigines .
both have half priced apps at happy hour so even if you do n't score ... mozzarella sticks .
sometimes i 'm good and sometimes i 'm bad .
the problem with a file share or sharepoint is that it tends toward entropy much more quickly than a wiki .
with a file share you create a file about how to do something and put it in a folder then no one sees the folder you put the file in and they get lost and make their own document .
with a wiki you create a page and you create a link to that page on your main page so everyone sees what exists .
if you find duplicates you can merge them into a single wiki much more easily .
wait are you trying to tell me that propaganda is not honest and spouts mostly bullshit ?
the only thing the fdl has going for it over the python is the fact that it is so much faster .
not sure if this fits your bill but kursa produces mainly neuro-hop and his track unknown is a serious dnb killer tune .
but i guess you 're meaning artists that usually do things completely different neuro hop is pretty close to dnb .
... falling from the 2nd floor right into your gold bugatti
if you give users cloud storage then keep providing it to the ones who are actively using it .
very cheap trick to lure users promising lot of storage make them fill it and then asking them to pay or lose their data .
when the next map loads the server does a player check and says its full for those people .
i do n't think he has much of a chance getting in the middle of the park for germany with the abundance of great centre mids they have
i mean it 's hard to tell if her profile is even legit or not depending on where you 're swiping .
but shit i assume you went ahead and swiped right for good measure .
you guys have this shit backwards splenda cost more than sugar .
nz now has fibre to the home i think nationwide or at least in the midst of being rolled out nationwide with 100mbps connections as standard .
dunedin has gigabit internet i think the unlimited package is like 60 monthly or something like that .
australia meanwhile well our current government has downgraded the previous government 's fibre to the home rollout to fibre to the node system with ancient copper and outdated cable networks picking up the slack .
the theory is that gigabit internet is only for stealing movies and 25mbps is a great future proof standard .
i find this a e s t h e t i c
theres nothing stopping you from playing her there is still far worse junglers in the game but if you want to be top tier then yeah you 've got to move with the meta and play the strong junglers in the current patch .
i do n't thing they have a precise method to identify what os are you using every time or rather they simply would n't bother to check that ... also knowing beforehand that in our little-tiny community large amount of users go dual boot or wine in the best case .
i 've tagged you raisin thief watchman watchman watchman tagger tagger
hey bud just fyi the guy you responded to was n't the guy who made the original post .
and it sounds like i really rustled your jimmies .
because you seem way more upset than anyone else .
like no one was even talking to you and you came in here trying to argue .
it 's ok take a deep breath and lets just relax ya know ?
since there was n't a deliberate arm-to-ball movement no infringement .
i know a may that says they got their shipping notification yesterday .
unfortunately i have no other info and have n't verified this but see no reason for them to lie .
a lot of people just love to call anyone with a below average body fat percentage anorectic despite the fact that a lot of people are just naturally thin and that most people who do anything remotely athletic will end up at that end of the spectrum .
in the preview for e11 it looks like clark is going to put the second ai inside of raven .
seems fair to me since most are obtainable in a few weeks work .
the only real 'task ' would be the 50 calficied fragments and hm of the kings fall .
for the most part everything is very fast to get .
these are the moments that get me stuck in that one more game '' infinite loop .
thank god for the banana or i may have not seen the scale .
what they bitch about has no effect whatsoever to someone who uses their brain even slightly .
in case you did n't notice we are upset with raisin bran right now .
so you can take your logic and get the hell out .
you all are trying to make true what you want to believe ... without any proof .
this post was removed because you have a new account and we get a lot of spam from newly created accounts .
if you have any questions or think your post should be reinstated please send a message to the mods .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/netsecstudents if you have any questions or concerns .
https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/race human_categorization lots of people call themselves italian american even if their family has been in the us for many generations – many of them do n't speak italian and do n't practice roman catholicism .
on the other hand someone with south african or egyptian ancestry does n't usually call himself ‘african american ' .
egypt is not on the arab plate but many people in egypt identify as arabs .
being muslim is not a condition of identifying as arab 40 million arabs are not muslim 25 million arabs are christian .
yeah it 's a struggle because loyal players burned their stones on banners with pathetic rates early on .
dokkan was my save and grace as i had every dokkanable sr card except white hot goku on that account .
still does n't quite make up for the lack of nat ssr .
why play guitar when you can lie about playing guitar and have nobody see through it ?
read i honestly do n't know how much my knife is worth but i 've been told from 170-225k in multiple pricechecks by traders that have worked with these knives before as of now i am just taking any offers .
also if anyone is good with pricing ch i could use some help on this thing
got a certification to handle food if that helps .
also this is for a female if that matters .
they say this map is 'fundamentally disturbing ' and the scariest map to date .
in the der eisendrache trailer they showed us literally everything in the map .
except bow upgrades so we were constantly thinking 'how do we get this ... when is this going to come ... ' .
however this map being the scariest map yet it would kind of take away from the whole experience if they showed us the new bosses monsters etc .
maybe they want us to go into this island with no knowledge of what is on it at all .
this is why i think they may not release a gameplay trailer and if they do it wo n't be as full on as the der eisendrache one .
one more thing to take note we have one and a half weeks left and technically the zombies trailer 2 map previews and the dlc preview need to all be released .
i 'm new i 've never been here before so i hope the formatting of my post is okay .
i know my size which your magical calculator confirmed for me which i will list below but i still ca n't find bras that are comfortable or that fit well .
my major issue is that i ca n't find a bra that is comfortable that does n't cause the straps to give me friction burns in my armpits and where the straps are n't aligned with basically the edge of my shoulders .
i currently own 3 freya bras and while i love the shape they provide the straps just drive me insane .
i wear a freya 28ff or g when i 'm bloating girl power !
but i would really like a bra that wo n't dig into my armpits .
wideset and splayed full bottom plus uncommon size makes it so hard to find what i want
currently at mmb29p and received ota for t-mobile february security update .
i am aware that i can not take ota since i modified the system .
here are steps i need to take i think unzip the downloaded file and get the image file transferred to my phone go to twrp recovery then install the image use adb and commands to root again clear dalvik and cache .
i 'm curious as to what the potential consequences of experiencing dmt could be .
i 'm on the road overseas and i have a night in san francisco on my way home .
i do n't have any diapers on me but i contacted my hotel and asked if i could have a small package sent there and waiting for when i arrive and they said no problem .
i have tickets to go to a giants game since it is my mo to hit every baseball stadium in the us in my lifetime .
i wanted to wear a diaper to the game and since i have never tried the abu simple/space/little pawz i was going to order a two pack to be waiting for me so i can kill two birds with one stone and a try out a new diaper and b wear a diaper to the ballgame .
my only concern is that the simple is so bulky it might be a bit much for wearing out in public under relaxed-fit jeans .
i plan on it being cold so i have my jacket i 'll be wearing plus an undershirt underneath my button up shirt so i 'm not worried about the waistband .
i 'm just concerned that it will be overly bulky and obvious that i 'm wearing a diaper .
i 'm not really concerned if anyone knows i do n't know anyone there and i 'll never see any of these people again but i do n't want to make it obvious either .
they look pretty bulky but i have n't seen them under relaxed-fit jeans .
any advice on if i could pull it off or if i should go with my regular bambino 's would be helpful .
truth be told i 've long moved on from this game and unfortunately this sub .
hello i 've been playing since season 1 and my highest rank achieved is 9 .
i have the full card collection and have set up a team speak server than anyone can join if they wish .
note i also do n't know anyone irl who plays the game leading me to have only 1 friend on battle.net
today i added a couple of filthy frank decks soooooo ...
first time on this sub hoping for some results .
borderline femdom i suppose but this does n't have to be a full sub/dom relationship i just want to be made fun of .
as the tittle suggests you can make fun of me for my underwear cock size strength stamina whatever you want .
if you wan na make fun of a nerdy kid for the night just message me back .
if there is any kink you wan na explore let me know and we can work it out .
other kinks center around being sub shy non-con humiliation but you can check my history for more .
if you 've made it this far please include your age and tittle your message bdsm .
downloaded mlb at bat and i 'm trying to watch the games but i 'm getting an error that says
at bat is unable to realibly verify your location . ''
i 've tried everything i could find on google .
i am not spoofing my location or using a mock location .
under developer options i do n't have a checkbox for mock locations .
it just says select mock location app '' and i have no app selected '' as my choice .
i signed up through t-mobiles link for a free premium subscription .
i was curious if it would be cheaper to just buy a bunch of dungeon maps to make an abyss .
it turns out it would actually be several thousand times more expensive .
three dungeon maps create one channel three channel maps make a spider lair three spider lairs make a overgrown shrine and so on until you get to abyss .
do you have any books that you read in math/statistics that made a big impression on you or changed that way you thought about things ?
the only problem is that only the people who put on gun airdrops will get guns .
this penalizes everybody else for taking any air drop that does n't have a gun .
imo this really limits a player 's options in the game .
i think many people can agree that it 's a bummer when you 're doing really well with a melee weapon and some non-gun airdrop then when you arrive at the end you instantly get gunned down by a guy with 40 bullets in his smg .
sure there are things you can do to counter the guy with the gun but if both players are equally skilled the guy with the smg is going to win every time .
my proposed idea is to take guns out of air drops and make them purchasable somewhere so every player can take an airdrop that fits their play style before having a gun .
often times i find myself with a lot of leftover func after getting my non-gun airdrop and i hear a guy going on a rampage with a gun but i wo n't be on an even playing field at the end-game because i chose the trapper airdrop .
if the devs put a location or several locations where you can purchase guns for func not only would guns be accessible to everybody but people will be able to diversify their play styles with different airdrops and it would make it possible to stop people from getting guns by fighting at the shop .
i think this would make the early and mid game more interesting and the end-game more fair .
also it would make it so everybody who is doing well before the end will have a gun/better chance of winning .
the people who hide the whole game and have 100 punji sticks in the middle will have a disadvantage .
on a different but related note i think there should be more ways to spend func .
players should be rewarded appropriately for how well they 're doing in the game .
right now you gather func for your package and often there is no point in opening anymore crates resulting in sometimes a lot of leftover func .
i 'd love to hear everybody 's thoughts on this .
i 'm more of a heroin smoker so i always have a glass piece that cakes the fuck up with resin .
well recently i did a fuckload of meth and i 'm wondering if i can get a resin yield from the meth in the snooter/zooter .
i wash my hands every time i go to the bathroom i brush my teeth twice a day sometimes a third if i go out and i shower every single day .
i would n't say i 'm a germophobe but it just seemed wrong to stay dirty .
i think i 'll just actually tell the story now .
like i said i 've always been very good about hygiene especialy brushing my teeth .
i could feel the grime and build-up as soon as i woke up or ate a meal and i just hated it .
so one day just about 2 weeks ago actually god it seems like yesterday i was watching tv while making dinner .
i live alone so i admit i was a little noisy banging pans around and belting out some 90 's angst anthem .
but when a lady on tv starts yelling at me that there has been a recall on the toothpaste i use ?
my head snapped around to see what disgusting vile product i had been putting in me for months .
well it turns out it was just a simple lawsuit and recall .
now that i think about it they did n't even give a reason for the recall .
they just stated that you should return any product you had bought and file to be a part of the class-action suit .
i figured it was one of those crazy lady gets angry and files for a lawsuit '' type situations that the company just decided to settle .
not even a big deal and i was n't going to go out of my way to file when i 'd probably get 5 bucks .
i woke up showered changed ate breakfast washed my face and then went to brush my teeth .
i was at the end of the tube but i had n't bought a new one yet so i was stuck with what i had .
plus i 'm a broke college kid i 'm getting the most i can out of anything i buy .
i started at the bottom and squeezed that little bit up slowly working everything towards the opening .
i hated doing this but i could n't really complain .
squeezed the toothpaste onto my brush and went to town cleaning my teeth .
surely i would have seen them if i had just looked ?
i looked down and i think i see something moving at the opening of the tube .
i freak out a bit inside but calm myself down and look .
and out of that opening crawls a lone slimy white maggot .
on my gums behind my lips under my goddamn tongue .
i can feel every one of them wriggling squirming and manuevering their bodies .
i immediately spit everything out clawing at my mouth to get every little larva out of there .
it felt like an eternity until i was sure that i had gotten everything .
needless to say i returned my product filed for that lawsuit and now i make my own toothpaste .
for ease of ingestion and portability i had the idea of using small candies as vessels for dosing c-lam on.. after a few forum hops i 've come to the conclusion that smarties may be the best candy to do this with a nice concave to hold the liquid while it evaps ...
i only need 250 mics per candy assuming 1ml 20 drops i need a solution of 5mg/ml .
i have plenty of pg but in order to get the evaporation goin ' gucci on the candies i need a strong proof alcohol .
unfortunately i 'd need to make a road trip for some 190 proof not opposed but it is a pain in the ass .
tl dr anyone been successful dissolving clonazolam at 5mg/ml in 151 proof everclear ?
if not i 'll suck it up and make the trip for the 190 .
thanks for reading any other suggestions etc would be appreciated .
i 'm aware blotters are an option but the kid in me much prefers the idea of my favorite childhoold candies with a nice dose in the mix even etc if this works with clonazolam especially at a measly 250ug i assume it would also with work with most if not all low to moderate dose benzos with a high concentration needed to dose candies .
good experiences researching this substance so far pace yourself and titrate or bust !
tempered by raging infernos and thunder ten years were exchanged for the cold radiance of a single sword .
a hundred and one hidden fangs and concealed claws had been endured all for the sake of ascending into heaven this very moment !
one sword to immortality osi is currently one of the most popular novels in china .
it tells a story about an obese teenager who is hard working and honest with his feelings for a girl however seems to be bullied because of his stature .
however one day under the night sky he obtained a mysterious power that allowed him to phase through walls !
and he discovered that his world might not be what it seems to be on the surface ...
hit the rsi1 irons and really liked them but have a hard time spending extra money .
ca n't hit the aero burner have to go blind but tmag chat guy said aero burners were a better value .
also longshot but anyone have promo codes for tmag .
hello i recently installed skyrim legendary edition on my laptop and i suffer from abysmally low and unstable fps around 20 at lowest setting .
skyrim itself recommends using high settings and fps with them is no worse than that at low .
however when i change my graphic driver from nvidia to integrated my fps jumped at stable 40 at lowest setting .
i use no mods already tried clean installing newest driver and a few older ones it did not help .
hello i was wondering if there was somewhere that i could find a history of streetwear and its culture ?
i am writing an anthropology paper on streetwear and its culture and am having trouble finding anything other than complex articles .
i 've been pulling my hair out trying to find some tutorial on developing for the gear vr using the latest build of unity .
every single other tutorial out there assumes you 're using a version below 5.0 and it 's so frustrating that nothing else exists .
i even found one for 5.3.0 but that one was also outdated and the maker of the tutorial admitted that he needs to update it so it can work with the latest sdk and such .
imagine all of the writers for arrow are fired .
dc knows they fucked up and they want you to fix it .
what 's your pitch for the next few episodes of season 4 you have to get people to watch season 5 and for the overarching plot for season 5 .
we 've been able to reproduce this internally and are looking into the cause .
do you have a picture in which you would like to appear ?
do you want to make your friends believe that you have visited the eiffel tower ?
i can do that for you for only 2 and send it back to you in less than an hour .
send me a pm and i will put in your images whatever you want .
after rewatching hunting monsters i wonder what are the lovelies and the grumps ' favourite monsters to fight/look at ?
my personal favourites are the gogmazios mh4u/look at and the seregios mh4u/fight
my father and i have been estranged and i 've had distant relationships with his family for a long time .
i do n't have any animosity toward them we 're just not super close .
my dad 's sister is somewhat close with my brother and he went to visit her when i was about 12 weeks along and let it slip i was pregnant .
it was n't a big deal becauae it was n't really a secret anymore but apparently she was upset that i had n't called to tell her .
i thought that since she knew i did n't have to personally call her and be like well since you know ... '' so i just did n't really pay any mind to it .
the last time i saw her was about a year ago for my grandfather 's birthday and i 'm guessing maybe baby shower invites went out recently it 's a surprise becase she texted my brother today saying something like i was hoping i 'd hear from your sister . ''
at this point i 'm kind of annoyed because if she wanted to talk to me so badly she should just pick up the phone .
but it sounds like she really wants me to call her and tell her about the pregnancy we both know she already knows about i 'm 29 weeks now which i feel like will just be awkward .
chicken hero is a platformer based on the protagonist chicken phil and his quest to reclaim his stolen eggs .
work together with your eggs to solve puzzles and learn the new mechanics that come with each biome .
if you would like to contact us send us an email here http www.bigseatstudios.com ! contact/c1d94 .
we would love to hear any feedback you guys have .
the varv skins are a 0.75 percent drop rate i know its a good shield and all but its kinda ridiculous for a none end game item .
do you know of any music app for android that records your history ?
i want to be able to look back at a period say a month and count the number of times each song was played .
i think it could be cool to track your personal top 20 of the month or whatever .
i 'm by no means the perfect player but i 've managed to climb well beyond what i thought my card levels '' we 're capable of reaching .
sidenote i 'm slightly gemmed under 50 lvl 4 pekka and level 7 rares with level 8 commons .
fellow humans with the development of increasingly superior advanced robotic replacement limbs my natural human curiosity has made me wonder how much of my inferior meat sack perfectly normal body can i replace with superior medically necessary limb replacements and still be considered human ?
happens when i try both aussie and sea server .
if kai 's are the positive equivelient to the gods of destructions how powerful really is the grand supreme kai if he couldnt even lift the sword from the stone that ssj2 gohan did in buu saga pre mystic ?
i have installed the citadel dlc but i am saving everything for later on .
i have n't even gone to the apartment yet but garrus has already invited me to the top of the presidium .
he said something along the lines of if this is my last day alive '' which threw me off because that seems like it was meant for closer to the end and the last priority mission i did was citadel ii which is about halfway through the game .
sometimes my a button will stick '' not physically but it will act as if its on turbo mode until i press it again though i have not enabled turbo at all .
has anyone else had this issue and have any tips on how to fix this ?
edit this happens in multiple games seemingly at random .
recently i was with my friend as he was buying shampoo and body wash and i asked him what he did in the shower .
i discovered that he and i had completely different showering regimes .
it got me to thinking we could all be showering differently but we would have no idea because its not very common to observe someone in the shower .
is it a long complicated process or quick and simple ?
i have some factory new graphite awps for trade .
i know page 278 of the dmg says to use the table or to calculate the save dcs ... is one more proper ?
and anyone know why some creatures seem to use neither method ?
ex bulette 's deadly leap has a dc 16 save where the target chooses str or dex .
but according to the chart on 274 the dc should be 15 and if we calculated the dc based on str it would be 15 for dex it would be 11 only for con would it be 16 .
is it con for any dcs related to physical abilities and cha for mental abilities ?
but if we calculate it off str it is 21 if we use con it is 19 .
meanwhile its steam breath dc is 18 but again there is no way it calculates to 18 .
or maybe they made some late edits and did n't pick up all the related changes after changing an ability score ?
a korean couple are walking in a park and go into a building with bathrooms and have sex in one of the stalls .
svp is truly a blessing to watch every year when he covers the masters on espn .
there 's never a bad moment it seems when they cover on thursday and friday for rounds one and two .
also the staff on the course and tirico do a spectacular job as well .
they do n't have to force anything to get ratings and never any annoying experts that make me cringe to watch .
i have such a hard time finding pants that dont have a saggy butt .
it also seems hard to find pants that sit at my hips rather than really high on my waist .
psa when you actually mean protip or shower thought or just want to post something neat
please please stop taking phrases that oculus employees use once and beating them into the ground in every discussion .
after 10 months of not playing i just got back into the game a week ago .
i got my sound back pretty fast on the stock mouthpiece pulled my old mouthpiece out of storage and found out it was cracked .
i loved that thing and could make it sound like a jazz mouthpiece or a concert band mouthpiece depending on what i was doing and what kind of reed i had .
i would get another one of those the problem being i have no idea what brand or type it is as the logo was worn off when i bought it from a garage sale .
so i pose the question is there a mouthpiece that can do both kinds of music for a price 100 ?
so i 'm trying this code in which when the player summons the sword it will change it 's sprite into it 's other sprite wherein it has an angry '' face .
but testing this summoning the sword still has the player to it 's regular non-angry sprite .
so if i convert basically all the holy orbs i have i can upgrade saints cross to rank two .
on the other hand though i have n't touched summons at all and i do n't know how useful alexander might be for the summoner abyss .
if i make alex and hone it once or twice i can probably upgrade saints cross over time whereas if i upgrade saints now i 'm entirely out of holy orbs .
on the flip end though i have both of agrias 's soul breaks so she 's definitely becoming a relatively permanent part of my group .
in light of all this i 'm just wondering what i should do with my orbs right now .
if anyone has any insight i 'd appreciate it .
notice that in the upper left quadrant the l-shaped piece is flipped the wrong direction .
i was sure that was some final puzzle that i had to solve !
i spent a really long time on it examining twigs nearby which are all identical etc ...
it reminds me of the early bug in braid where the block castle was missing the block for one of the levels .
apparently i cant put it in the title but the gun has a dosia x god sticker on it
someone told me in my pricecheck https www.reddit.com/r/globaloffensivetrade/comments/4cnmro/pc_2_highest_float_souvenir_hot_shot_signed_by that the 1 highest float hot shot was worth about 32 keys .
so yesterday i got into an argument about me cause i was trash talking behind my friends backs and i did n't even notice that until he pointed me that out .
i hate myself for this cause i actually love my friends a lot and i care about them more than i care about myself but he does n't believe me .
what do i do to get his trust back ?
he is important to me just like any other friend .
i 'm a 19 year old student from a small country between the north atlantic and the arctic ocean iceland and i want to learn how to trade .
my dream is to master trading by the time i turn 20 and turn it into my full time job .
i 've been reading a lot about trading watching videos etc but i still have a few unanswered questions .
i know i need to find a broker can i trade us stocks from my country without violating any laws and whatnot ?
i 've read that i need about 25k to begin day trading since i do n't have that amount of money at my age any recommendations ?
i want to learn by experience and if possible for free .
i 'm aware of the forex currency demo but i ca n't for the life of me figure out how it works .
i seem to have gained a 300 profit in a few days with simple clicks though i have no idea how .
i was talking to some one the other day when they said that rock/metal music had no place in it for manufactured bands .
this was my response which i have expanded a little bit
yes they were put together by their manager so therefore manufactured but a case could be put forward for any band that has had members quit and new people bought in by the management that that is manufactured as well as it is no longer the original line up .
like when david mustaine and mcgovney left metalica replacements were found by the managment .
or iron maiden who started as 4 peice band a normal line up 1 guitar bass drums and vocalist and are now 6 bruce dickinson was bought in by the management to be the vocalist and the original vocalist got moved to guitar so there was now 2 because it was a better sound again this came about though the management .
in the case of maiden after this point is when they became popular .
manufacturing happens all the time it just some times people choose to ignor it .
i started dm'ing with my coworkers none of whom had ever played a tabletop rpg before .
while we did pick alignments and base backgrounds from the phb we did n't dig much deeper then that into the characters before we jumped into the game .
it 's been a year now and i 'm very pleased that i 've been able to keep the group going its my first time as a dm .
my players have started to show interest in building up character motivations/backstory .
originally i started individual rps with each person to help develop these ideas but that 's become very time-consuming esp .
should i just sit down with each player and spend an hour or two making up some backstory ?
are there any tools that you guys recommend to help players develop their characters ?
ok so i applied for a pbe account about a year and a half ago i have n't been banned i havent been reported outside of the afk reports when my internet went down a whole 10 times .
i am active practically daily and play a variety of roles .
i just want to understand how the applications work .
rock type needs a special move with a better distribution than power gem and an actually accurate physical move seriously the strongest perfectly accurate physical rock type move is smack down with 50 !
flying type has good moves but many of them are only available to bird based pokémon .
brave bird is amazing but dragonite salamance gyarados and other non-avian flying types will never have access to it .
if only dragon ascent were n't exclusive to rayquaza ...
the best options for a type should n't be a move with 70 physical and 80 special base power .
basically it looks a bit like a mix between the mch eso chest piece and the saurian tabard of aiming has a 'sash ' thing on one of the hips and drops from the diadem and i think the chest is open .
if this rings any bells please list the name here d
i did everything the game just starts for 1 second i see the logo then it closes .
if it only affects one three highly specific monster resources for one stat is insanely not worth it .
but it 's a little too good if it affects everyone able to consume especially if you 've been fighting sunstalkers and stockpiling salt .
i know there 's been contention but i was curious if there was ever errata/word from on high .
it could always just be really useful it 's three innovations deep and would n't exactly be the first time a particular innovation or monster was obviously better than other choices .
they all died very public deaths or at least deaths that were super-publicised and except maybe in the case of rm these deaths were the single biggest catalyst that catapulted their next-of-kin into political stardom or at the very least led to national feels '' .
public opinion has it that necropolitics '' dominates the 2016 elections—leni robredo for one is like cory 's second coming .
had jesse lived i doubt leni would ever get known outside of naga let alone become a national favourite in the short span of 4 years since her husband died .
it 's not just her grace poe is also banking on the fame of fpj although he died several years back .
and necropolitics also seems to be a proven vote-getter for the liberal party or at least the pro-cojuangco-aquino membership of it since the aquinos themselves went through 2 direct iterations of tragic death sympathy vote '' and now leni seems to be bandwagoning on that model though one presumes— hopes—not intentionally wink wink .
i 'm just curious how incredibly phenomenal was leni 's rise to popularity—it follows almost the exact same story arc as cory 's husband dies young prematurely under the watch of an oppressive or uncaring or incompetent government survivors are suddenly showered with public sympathy widow gets pressured to run for office widow declines first runs later .
it 's almost an inherent or expected part of the filipino voter psychology to root for survivors of dead public servants .
add to that the common thread of clean competent public servants mysteriously dying early—and never being appreciated or commended in life until they 're gone .
this is partly why i do n't understand jesse 's death .
everyone 's like hurr durr he was such a good man and now he 's dead ! ''
no one appreciated his work very few people even knew he existed until his suspicious death in that plane crash and now the whole country 's like best president we never had '' c. c. add to this the fact that all the evil or corrupt or otherwise self-serving people in power seem to stay there be remarkably immune to premature death as well i mean how else do you get monikers like tanda '' ?
to a lesser degree this public mourning goes into effect around people like joker arroyo or jovito salonga who lived longer and died of more natural causes huhuhu all our best statesmen are dead we shall never see their like again !
but either i missed it or they too do n't get enough love while they were alive .
it 's like you 're a constant target for public criticism while alive but suddenly become a saint when you 're dead .
and when i saw this rappler comment i started thinking .
it 's from a known troll marianorenatopacifico but i think it actually kind of has a point .
it is goot for filipino that wanted to go politicos .
given how notoriously violent ph politics can be at times has any candidate ever tried this i.e. killed their loved ones and staged it as a tragic accident to garner political advantage ?
finally—going back to the title—i do think this should be studied more in depth academically too .
it 's like the filipino people have a national-scale version of the kennedy curse '' where entire clans or groups of public servants of the better kind are venerated in part because of their propensity to tragedy .
it 's not actually restricted to either the philippines or the us in india the nehru-gandhi family has had several tragic deaths as well which might partly explain why indian voters also keep reelecting them indian redditors care to comment on this ?
still i think it might be worthwhile to study the cory effect '' as someone else has called it as a part of filipino political psychology .
tl dr why tragic death of good public servant instant sympathy vote '' ?
and why do most of the good ones die early ?
should we study this under the lens of sikolohiyang filipino indigenous filipino psychology ?
special offer pl for good times and great memories new jerseys 51 sb
special offer pl check out everything new jersey has to offer t 51 sb
they might not show up if you do low-high so scroll through popular '' or recommended . ''
edit sometimes you get different offers in different browsers so check others if you still ca n't find it .
not everyone has the same offers at the same time though .
if you do n't have one/either in any browser check back every few days or so .
i 'm selling my gigabyte gtx 980 g1 gaming round 2 it 's in great condition was well cared for dusted and cleaned monthly is still under warranty for approximately another 18 months and comes in the original box with accessories included missing the driver dvd ... lol
i have verified paypal if that personally matters to you .
i had previously sold my 980 to another user on this sub .
when he received it he sent me a message he said the 980 ran great but the gpu had a major issue !
much to my surprise as the card was in great condition .
so i suggested for him to either rma it as my 980 is still under warranty for another 18 months or so or return the 980 for a full refund if it 's a serious problem .
coil whine now i 'm thinking my 980 does n't have coil whine ? !
so i retracted my previous return offer and suggested that he rma it instead that 's the short of it .
but there 's more to my story including the buyer preemptively starting a paypal dispute and general bad feelings .
after receiving verifying and testing my card it 's working perfectly .
perhaps i 'm not as sensitive to coil whine as others maybe his psu was faulty or the simplest answer a classic case of buyers remorse .
nevertheless i 'm here once again selling my 980 .
oh and for the record my 980 does not have coil whine .
edit here are two videos of the card in action .
hopefully this proves that the card does n't have an audible whine .
imam problema s tcom internetom tek sam sklopio ugovor i jos mogu raskinut .
jer u mjesec dana koristenja zvao sam 6 puta sluzbu za korisnike .
i made my latest game on a mac to be published for free on web windows and mac .
when i finished i exported the game for web windows and mac .
however while the web and mac version look fine i 've noticed that the windows version is oddly dark .
the shadows are darker and it is overall not nearly as bright as the other builds .
we had about 200 people vote the first round .
so we are now in the second round of our contest .
the amount of votes each character got is displayed in their box on the bracket page .
have fun with it everyone and feel free to post your thoughts on match ups and what not .
also there is a get my vote as text '' button .
if everyone does that then the entire thread will quickly become very clogged
the results and the second round will be posted on saturday .
edit this is n't necessarily a contest of who would win in a fight .
you are free to vote however you like for what ever reasons though .
if you want to vote for who would win in a match who is funnier who is better written etc.. then you are free to do so .
i 'm buying one of these helmets in the next week or so .
having trouble deciding which though and could n't find much info on the web .
they seem very similar similar features almost exactly the same price ... any reason to go for one or the other ?
i 've never had a nice helmet before so i 'm sure i 'll love either but just curious if anyone had an opinions or info .
i am a driver and i had a bad accident in a company vehicle on the clock .
this happened about 5 months ago and the whole time my checks were coming in consistently every week on thursdays .
last week my check was late and i have n't gotten this week 's check yet .
i 'm also getting close to hitting my mmi .
i have a 30 pc of pentel 0.7 super hi-polymer lead hb .
every time i click my inc mechanical pencil way too much lead comes out to the point that when there 's only a little bit of lead left i ca n't use it anymore because it always completely comes out of the pencil whenever i click .
i also have a ticonderoga sensematic pencil which literally does n't work because every time i screw it on all the lead comes out of the pencil so i doubt that it 's my pencils that are the issues .
it 's been a week and i have n't seen any new posts and i have n't seen people posting very frequently .
i hope this is n't the end of this sub .
if anyone has any suggestions to perk this community back up i 'd love to hear it .
what did you see witness in the war where popcorn puts you on the edge ?
i legit nearly cried over this scene due to the ptsd i knew some people had when they served over seas .
there has been so much in the news here about rape culture '' after the ghomeshi trial and it has generated a great deal of talk .
for the first time i have been very open about my own experiences multiple but varying in severity and i have had very positive responses .
this has me wondering about why i have always stayed quiet about what happened and why i felt shame i no longer do .
i wonder if those of us that can talk about our experiences do talk more if it will help in changing the culture around sexual assault .
i wonder if it will help those who can not talk about it in public deal with the horrors they have to face .
i have read the spill guide but only after i tried to connect it again afer only 10 minutes of drying because im an idiot it connected/disconnected in windows and did n't even light up .
i was only a bit off fluid on the arrow key area .
anyone know how much more i could get for this then market ?
what do you think about this new praxis decimus 150w with tc https fasttech.com/p/4550601 ?
i am looking for a new mod with dual batteries i do n't like cuboid and i do n't want to pay more than 40 .
they say that you can go up to 8v if you want to .
i 24f bought a house just less than a year ago a fixer upper .
this is the first time i have ever lived without a parent .
we had previously both been unhappy about not having our own space both living with a parent so once there was going to be somewhere where we could both live it made sense to live together we had always talked about it .
now i feel that we 're living together because it was the next thing to do rather than because i was ready for it .
we have been living together for just over 6 months .
he has an illness that prevents work so i pay for everything he does the diy .
i was nervous beforehand and it showed the house is only in my name i have always found it difficult to refer to it as our '' house rather than mine and every bit of extra work he has wanted to do to the house has stressed me out .
at first it was great we worked on the house every weekend and had a great time .
now after living together for a few months i have become ratty short tempered impatient and generally unhappy .
the house is a building site it 's full of his stuff and i find it frustrating to always have someone else here when i get home .
i find myself taking overtime and going to bed early just to get away from it .
to top it off i have started becoming attracted to other people again .
around valentines i discovered i 've developed a fear of him proposing .
i feel awful at the idea of asking him to move out he 's put a lot of work into the house and his only other option will be to move back in with a parent .
he has said i will feel better when the house is finished and we have more individual space .
he has n't done anything wrong and i do n't want to hurt him but i feel like it would be better to change my mind about living together now than hurt him more later .
i always call him my other half but i want the freedom to explore young adulthood without having somebody else depend on me for a roof i 'm not ready to be this serious .
i do n't like having to let somebody know what i 'm doing or when i 'll be back i do n't like being unable to make plans on the fly .
i 'm doing what i think is expected of a young couple instead of what i want .
if i did n't own the house i would be telling him i want to move out instead .
i think i need to learn to live by myself .
how do we untangle our lives and our stuff ?
should i end the relationship completely or can we salvage this ?
tl dr i moved into my own house and my bf moved in i 've now realised i always wanted to live on my own how do i minimise the amount of pain this will cause ?
let 's cheer ourselves up a little shall we ?
like the title says i 've got frozen synapse prime worth 24,99 and i 'm looking for rocket league 19,99 or other good offers .
here 's the link for trade https steamcommunity.com/tradeoffer/new ? partner=77040058 token=4yt6kqfl
i and a bunch of friends are considering to go there .
i 'm just wondering how long there will still be tickets left for sale so that we have an idea of when to start finalizing plans and actually buying tickets .
so if anyone knows when for example they sold out last year that would be great .
have you ever felt so wrong when you had no reason to ?
yes they call for different sides ... sure they traditionally use different cheeses but let 's be real .
it 's essentially identical in concept yet one does not replace the other .
i would be insulted if someone said sorry we do n't have grilled cheese would you like a quesadilla instead ? '' .
but this is exactly what i did to myself .
it should bring the same pleasure ... but it does n't .
one simple change caused such an upheaval to my mind and my day .
this happened days ago and i have n't told anyone about it until now .
does it apply to turret-less tank destroyer with their chassis traverse ?
i need help with a pc build its my first build
i got all my parts but when i turn it beeps once and then on the screen there is no display
but i 'm the 1 you need to make yourself a 10 !
i 'm 19 this year and am currently studying in singapore .
it 's a fine city really beautiful in is own way .
but its tiny size also means a lack of entertainment .
between studies and sleep i 've got loads of free time .
books movies porn nothing really quite fills the gap .
the local girls are really pretty but i 'm going back to the states in a year 's time .
no one 's into one night stands and i do n't want to break anyone 's heart .
so i decided to make myself available to the sexy girls over on dpp !
i do n't exactly have a consistent hobby it sort of changes every month .
sometimes i like to read last month i was writing this month i 'm dabbling in sketching .
but i 'd be happy to chat about anything you like .
i love sashimi running my tongue in long wet strokes across its bottom .
i bite lightly into it its sweet nectar bursting into my mouth .
i rub my tongue lightly around its clit and it lets out a long low moan .
i have this theory that all kinks are formed by unrealized sexual desires of the brain .
like i have all these cute asian girls running around in my backyard but i ca n't fuck any of them .
so lets put asian girls on my fetish list .
also i really want to fuck my sister but i never had a sister so incest is kinky too .
cousins are fine as well but i 've never lusted after people much older than me .
noncon surprisingly is n't one of those but consensual noncon is .
how do i put this— let 's say you 're my girlfriend and you 're preparing breakfast for us one morning when i just decide to whip my cock out bend you over the kitchen counter and stick it in your pussy .
i especially love schoolgirl uniforms preferably three sizes too small and with nothing underneath so when someone sits down i can see their pussy lips peeking out of their skirt .
other kinks are freeuse mild ageplay 12 and above more than one girl at the same time and exhibitionism .
i 'm also partial towards catgirls but not girl cats and b-c cups .
one last thing i can play dom but i 'm not a dominant by nature .
i would much rather cuddle up with my lover and run my hand over her soft silky skin than tie her up and tear her ass into two .
i 'll probably update with some prompts soon though feel free to say hi in the meantime .
so i met my friends wife 's sister about a month ago .
i got her number we went out once and while it went well i have a feeling she 's not sure about me yet .
my friend and his wife are trying to push us together .
now she has never been in a relationship so i 'm trying to take things slow .
they told me that she can be closed off at first which i can understand .
if i wanted to get to know her more as a friend or more what would be my best option ?
do i keep ask her out again or just keep texting her ?
we are going to be seeing each other often as we have the same friends .
i 'm keeping it very casual bordering on boring .
tl dr friends are trying to set me up with their sister who has never been in a relationship .
we went out once it went well but as she was kind of closed off .
dear reddit i am playing guitar for few years already but mostly for fun along the backing tracks and chilling with scales as well as playing with metal tracks in the background .
there are loads of things i do n't understand and my music knowledge is pretty bad .
i know scale patterns few basic scales with the notes and i know where most of the notes lay on the fretboard .
let 's begin with the track accept against the world .
i can fake it pretty well even though i ca n't find tabs but i am able to slowly figure out what chords have been used and how to pick a solo mostly .
i do not understand why and how to find out when scales are changing .
in the beggining chords are like a c b f a ? f-e ? d c a a .
during the picking between chords there are a b c d d a .
and d doing there and what is this scale ?
chorus is like f b d e with f d e at the end i think so .
it fits well but i do n't understand why ...
solo seems like f gb harmonic minor with f g a b c d f f but there is a moment later on where they choose e instead of f 2:52 mind blowed .
i am aware that the way i am explaining my lack of knowledge may hurt your eyes but take it easily please .
if someone of you have some spare time please help me .
what are all of these adds '' out of the scale and how did they choose them to keep the harmony..
i live alone for most of the year and i 'm suddenly experiencing panic attacks when family comes to visit .
first it was my mom visiting and tonight my brother just got here .
with both of them i 've been fine till i went to bed .
then it 's racing heart palpitations heart jumping out of my chest at the slightest sound absolutely no sleep stomach upset dizziness freezing cold then hot etc .
i took my temperature because i thought i might have a fever nope just anxiety .
i even missed my period completely from the stress of my mom 's visit .
i do n't understand why this is suddenly happening .
my family has been visiting for years and all of a sudden i have panic attacks from it ? ?
it also seems to be worse on the first night .
i took a xanax but i 'm running really low and need a new prescription from my new doctor .
i 'm worried my family wo n't be able to visit anymore .
i am a bot designed to create a new post each day so we can all discuss today 's afterbirth daily challenge !
please post all scores discussion and thoughts and today 's daily in the comments below .
if you want to avoid being spoiled about the daily do n't venture below this point .
also feel free to use https greedbutt.com to link to your score so people can compare .
realms of arkania blade of destiny revised edition not sure
i 've seen just about every headset i could possibly buy over the past couple of days .
i initially really liked the look of the astro a40 but the headset with the mixamp is out of my price range .
the main thing i 've heard is that gaming headsets are n't the way to go you should just buy headphones and get an external mic .
but i do n't feel like messing around with modmics and such when i only occasionally use my mic .
what does the astro a40 sound like without the mixamp ?
how long will a pair of a40s typically last ?
i do n't want another headset that will only last 6 months .
currently level 130 do n't have a lot of star force so a lot of mobs within level range are hard to kill .
tried the dragon turtles but they can tank too much
i defeated the queen black dragon 10 times returning her to a temporary slumber .
i do n't understand why but the first 4 floors the game runs as smooth as it can be yet the moment i get to the 5 floor fps drops up to 3-4 and game gets literally unplayable for me .
i 've the game since release but could n't get to floor 5 until now git gud scrub and all of those
glock is n't the only company out there saying the same thing .
you 're saying this whole thing across the industry stemmed from your story ?
and concerning the rt score i do n't consider 50 for this particular film 'critically panned ' .
you beat out batman v superman so you 've got that going for you .
i can help you d just follow me to each villager d
that dpoy mvp runner up guy is as likely to show up again as mvp rose .
also almost every class in this game has had repeated buffs over time except for bard .
we had bought a compaq computer pretty cheap one .
my mom sent off so many complaints to compaq about it brother found the ceo 's email so she sent an email off to him did n't hear back so wernt and bought a dell .
got a top line compaq for free from them in the mail with an apology from the ceo stating our computers are amazing 99.9 of the time .
i 'm sorry you got a terrible one i guarentee you this one will exceed all your expectations ''
coure me old mudder would n't have none of that she was forever scorned at the late response and terribleness of the first one .
so i got my my first pc that ran everything amazingly for like 5 years 14 y/o 's dream fam .
side door bbq in highgate for beef or pork ribs and pretty much anything else on their menu while you 're at it !
probably the most consistent of the newer bbq places that have popped up recently .
but do they have a covert operations and espionage department ?
i was so thinking about doing this with my own body !
how many more all star games is he going to make ?
if he makes two more and then just has a good-to-decent career for the rest of his time in the league he almost assuredly will .
right now only two hall eligible players have failed to make it with seven or more all star games and he 's much better than those two players .
it makes sense since that was the last still panel that was scene inside the walls .
i think that was setting itself up for the next chapter !
did they start a jordan chant at raw this week ?
that would make sense but thats not the name of the movie so i 'm not sure how it would be worded in proper english .
the title is kingsman http www.imdb.com/title/tt2802144 which could be referring to eggsy in which case we could say the rest of them are kingsmen or they 're all kingsman .
exactly there 's so many important little details and dialogue that if you took too long and forgot them many moments in the game would n't have nearly as much impact as they could and should .
this is definitely a play from start to finish '' kind of game .
i think its a little early to say they have won we still have guns with which to get vigilante justice .
op how do you mess up his name when it 's right on the title of the article
as a liberal i get sad listening to these debates .
you 'll never convince each other one way or another since one side thinks that limited interest groups are a valid constituency for a politician to support speak to and yes campaign on behalf of and the other side does n't .
but as a result of this insolvable debate sanders supporters do n't like normal '' politicians who do n't have a sinecure in a uniquely awesome state like vermont from which to campaign and thus make compromises .
and clinton supporters get so caught defending the ways things have been that they ca n't acknowledge that it sucks that even liberal politicians have to take money from interests they oppose to even get a shot to work for the betterment of the country .
it 's gotten so bad that some people would abstain or vote for an r instead of hrc .
i mean even if she were posting youtube videos of herself making out with the koch brothers for 10 i would still vote for her over any r since she wo n't gut every liberal law she sees .
she 'll vote for a carbon tax if we got it .
she 'd appoint a sc justice who opposes cit united .
she 'll get comprehensive immigration reform and student loan relief and yes even continued improvements in health care coverage .
no doubt she 'd be more hawkish free trade etc .
that 's why we have primaries and if he wins god bless him .
but voting for an r because hrc is corrupt lying in the pocket of big corporations whatever is immoral if you even pretend to care about the actual issues here .
the only people you will hurt with your protest vote are the people who need you most .
your submission has been removed because it concerns a current event .
please consider trying a different sub such as r/news or r/outoftheloop
in the event your post has nothing to do with the above mentioned reason and you are asking a question unrelated to this topic please message the moderators http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fexplainlikeimfive subject=can 20you 20review 20my 20thread ? message=/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/4dz7f8/eli5can_someone_explain_the_importance_of_the 0a 0athe concept i want explained 0a 0aevidence of search 0a 0ahow is this post unique to review your submission .
posts that do not answer the questions listed in the modmail form will not be reviewed .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/explainlikeimfive if you have any questions or concerns .
it 's become the most overused word on the internet .
and how many only signed up for nost because it was free ?
this guy red computers me every time i play so i 'm honestly not sure if it 's a lag switch or just a really bad computer/connection .
i ban weapon masters any time i queue into him though .
so they have three of our ex players starting correct ?
yeah i 'm starting to think i might just have took harder for flights
i say had because we sold them due to drakes raping one of my chickens to death .
they were friendly with people but absolute monsters to our other animals .
because the manga did n't shy away from pointing out in the golden age that casca actually did have it harder than the men in the band ?
even at her peak they noted that she was n't as strong as the other main characters even with the same level of training and that she was significantly weaker when she was on her period even if she tried not to let it show .
i do n't see why the timeskip would suddenly make it easier for her to train her way back to her prime after her sanity 's restored when they 've been fairly realistic about the gender divide and the results of training for most humans .
bringing back 6th grade memories here when everyone sheltered white kid was a wannabe gangster hip-hop fan .
low effort posts/comments will be removed per moderator discretion .
if you feel this was done in error or would like better clarification or need further assistance please do n't hesitate to message the moderators .
https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/politicaldiscussion subject=messaging regarding the removal of this submission by u/trumpbackwhale message=messaging about this submission .
you wonder what she would do if he actually did something wrong like a speeding ticket or a bounced check .
i woulda answered all of these if did n't have the boob or butt question
if you hang out on the 59th minute tonight you 'll be able to get a lot of value for that 6k though .
the first time you take a kid home it 's whoa they'r just going to hand him or her over and let us go ?
do not believe this lie that if we pass a guaranteed minimum income system for everyone in canada that they will then eliminate things like welfare spending and most other social safety net programs .
they do n't just want mincome they want mincome and we should start to refer to it as 'mincome ' .
they want mincome all of the things we already include in our social safety hammock .
it is not their intention to do away with any parts of our system as it exists right now but to only add to the system .
according to the ndp we should be handing out mincome subsidized housing free education welfare free healthcare free organic good a million other fucking things .
there are people in this country who literally think that we can do all of these things and not go completely fucking broke .
these people are fiscal illiterates nothing more nothing less .
they live in a fairyland of 'hope ' and 'realchange ' where the 'top 10 ' will literally have to pay for everything the bottom 90 want .
he said it himself in the video and they all cheered '' mincome is meant as a top up program to existing social programs .
all of the other free shit we already give people ?
he was a preacher and could n't help but throw a jesus christ '' into the ceremony .
if he 'd come up with another one we 'd have had words after the ceremony .
i tried to play it a couple of times but i really ca n't get into it .
but otherwise it would be exactly what i 'm looking for it 's a shame .
well how can i find out the names of these items ?
anyone check if we can use the xbox app on windows 10 to enter commands ?
unless you broke/shorted/improperly used the cables or they were n't actually corsair cables but were instead some cheap garbage .
corsair is a reputable company and cables are n't very complicated to make or use .
so you admit you tailor your reviews to your prediction of a game 's success ?
eh kinda do n't believe you found '' it .
it came out today and you for some reason post it to the sub .
i liked it because it reminded me of a browning automatic rifle .
i do n't think this is a case of anyone getting mad over the reasons why dubs are n't watched more just an exploration of why that is the case .
as per the second point yes adult japanese vas do commonly portray children in anime as well but this seems to be a commonly held misconception among some sub viewers so it was included for that reason .
the route you would have to take is the vcp-nv and then you could take one more test and get the best-dcv .
but going that route is still cheaper than having to sit the 3000 class to qualify to take the vcp-dcv directly
i was n't too thrilled with halo 4 's multiplayer because it was way too codish but i think 343 did a fantastic job with 5 returning the game to it 's arena shooter roots .
saturn is going to be visible next to the moon on the 25th of this month and i want to get a good look of it .
i do n't know if this is still true but when i was a teenager and would go to tj on the weekends to party there were curfews for the military .
i had a friend who had a typical military looking haircut and he 'd get hassled every time we 'd cross back over .
it sounds kind of sketchy to me but this was 25 years ago also .
pulled something on his first at bat as he ran to first .
keeping it to myself and my stream until i 've perfected it but feel free to stop by if you want to see me playing it
no excuse for the shit defending for the goals but come the fuck on refs .
all i want is a game where there is n't a fucking blatant horrible call against our team
can i get a free ride if corect u sunday is on the 10th i really need it cause i have 0 kills so far got the gear but not the skill
so that 's why my cable bill just went up 2 without warning .
my dog was a corgi-flat coat retriever mix and she basically looked like a retriever with a slightly taller corgi 's body .
man this guy got no clue what he is talking about besides him advertising in the first 50 seconds of the video you godamn sellout the only reason lol is a big game cause people play it when it looses players your friends and other personalties change the game and so a big part of the players .
the existing player base is not growing thats why they are hiding their numbers .
riot will make less money and since lop is their only game to sustain their company fund they will go bankrupt if they dont make money from it .
yes i know they are developing a fighter game but i dont think it will be good since street figter is awesome and smash is still up even though its on nintendo 's wiiu and come on its riot they will never make a good game just like bigfishgames or ubisoft 's dlc policy
however i do think it 's pretty clear you 're coming from a certain perspective and not really being objective something i think can lead to the regular trenches often seen in these sorts of discussions .
right off the bat you call it rape denial '' if the tone is that rape happens less frequently than reported but as far as i know we do n't know whether or not that is the case this will maybe depend on your definition of reported
i do n't think men from western cultures are reluctant to acknowledge rape as a real problem in their culture because it implicates their peers .
i think they can be reluctant because the way the media and many feminists talk about it it implicates them personally .
also i think many disagree with how some commentators claim that the cause of rape by western men is that western men are misogynistic and respect women less than they respect men .
i think most men would definitely call rape a problem and no matter what statistics you believe in be it 25 of all women or 5 or whatever i think most men would acknowledge that it is a problem .
however when western men or all men for that matter feel justly in my opinion like they are being attacked for being misogynistic and held to some degree personally accountable for actions they have not committed and actions they find atrocious .
i think this can cause quite a bit of anger and frustration and lead to a polarization of the debate like we see with feminists vs mras etc that is a bit unjust .
when you feel unjustly held accountable for acts you think are atrocious it can be quite nice to point to others and say that 's where the problem is not with me/us .
first post on this subreddit and on reddit in general .
i read the rules for the subreddit and hope i did n't break them .
i realize this is more of a men 's perspective than a womans but i figured you ca n't really have discussion without both .
that fucking transition really gave me goosebumps while i was reading it !
do you keep your arm up all the time so the shingles do n't hurt so much ?
you show up at the worst times and when you do it 's never pleasant .
nope i test it and it show 8 pre tick
he does n't care that she makes a mistake he just focuses on her beautiful voice and how to help make it sound even better .
i love my conqueror rta and it 's pretty easy to build on and wick .
great goal from sanchez and that pass from iwobi what a player .
i 'm so happy i put him in my fantasy team last night .
or specifically placed explosives perhaps ... that would actually be super easy to accomplish ... .
i do n't think that we should be counting our chickens before they hatch but yeah in theory it does give us a decent chance .
that is one hell of a typo from river .
friend is n't even close to how you spell cunt .
i 'll go ahead and add r/bokunoheroacademia to my watch list .
these laws seem to be rarely enforced when it comes to illegal labor in the us .
my point is that if you enforce these laws effectively and actually decrease competition for labour forcing the companies effected to raise wages then it will reflect on the price of the product and foreign imports will become cheaper than the domestic produce .
since customers are concerned mostly with price and quality and not country of origin the domestic business will be run out of business .
unless you prohibit the foreign import or levy it with heavy taxes which a lot of nations do and the us used to do as well .
we are doing united a favour here hope they beat both leicester and the spuds to return it .
you 're missing a poison for me to think of it as godtier i give it 8 wins .
i know its not a mature out look and i should grow up but as an ork player i cant help but be a little salty every time the big 3 save bs4 marines get even more toys ... .
or start signing every file shipped with tos and check those with a certificate embedded in the executable
actually mcdonalds junk food is not that bad in calories compared to a lot of so called healthy choices by a lot of restaurants and people .
with such a variety of tastes big mac is only 520 calories period .
the so-called healthy choices of people like salad people put loads of mayo or thousand islands which 15ml worths 40 calories .
a standard mcdonald 's salad canada gives you 160ml of sauce and the salad itself easily exceeds 800-900 calories with the chicken and the cheese not to mention the soft drink .
or a box of 250g bacon macaroni salad '' has around 900 calories ...
start reading the labels and be scientific and you will know like everything costs you at least 1 hour of running ... .
actually i just cut the amount but did n't drastically change my diet .
i eat fast food sandwich only every week poutine every month have ice cream per week .
i eat max 1200-1500 per day and stop eating even i did n't have other meal yet .
i have a calorie-enjoyment ratio in my mind like cp ratio if you buy something .
the highest calorie-enjoyment ratio to me is ice cream .
some low fat low calorie ice cream has 80 calories per 100g .
it is like 240 calories per a reasonable bowl of pure enjoyment .
240 is around one spring roll 200-250 depends on how it 's cooked or a small portion in your caesar salad .
big mac is one of the great food i love too .
i do n't eat salad without sauce so i have n't eat salads for years .
i also do n't drink soft drinks because the calories are horribly high while the enjoyment is pretty much the same with sparkling water .
my goal was not be healthy but to shape better .
my shop is very small 10 ' x 16 ' so i decided to ditch my crummy bench top router table and get this cast iron table saw extension https www.amazon.com/dp/b001tdlsus/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_awd_jjpcxbptk49wg .
i found an amazon warehouse deal for about 50 off that said the product was 100 only the box was damaged .
instead of the cast iron table what i received was a couple pieces of plywood screwed together and painted silver .
whoever did this even took the time to cut dados for the miter gauge slots .
oddly enough the fence was still in the package but the sliding mdf pieces were also replaced with plywood .
luckily amazon is great and immediately refunded/shipped another but just thought i 'd rant/share i was so excited to use this table yesterday !
even if i were to order online our gov tax all electric components/parts which usually ends up expensive .
i imagine the majority of us are looking at bellerin and payet to get in on the points now .
adobe should be responsible for this someone in eu should sue them .
the weird thing about long-term mental abuse and manipulation is that the abuser makes a little version of themselves inside of our psyche who continues to abuse and manipulate our inner child even after the corporeal abuse is no longer in our lives .
here 's an excellent website on cptsd if you have n't seen it already
the articles on the left of that page are eye-opening to say the least .
neither just happened to see your post on gandhi .
you should be ashamed of mocking the founding father of the country with such slander .
the purple one annoys me if that was n't there the colours would correspond with the m m 's perfectly .
so yes there is a risk of equipped jewels having useless stats if they overlap with another jewel 's .
all u need to do is take extra caution especially towards ppl who dont have much activity or cant provide evidence i have a trading ref so possibly look at whether that person has one too or even better use a middleman !
absolute bullshit everyone and i mean everyone knows that diet and nutrition are important on that sub .
hey man i do n't like rules '' in music .
i just play wonderwall on le telecastor ! ! ! ! ! ! !
a friend at the eu commission recently told me that its staff are banned from organising any meetings to discuss the possible effects of brexit in case it leaks and eu institutions appear defeatist .
discussing a brexit does n't make one defeatist it makes you prudent and responsible .
they should be discussing this frequently so they have a coherent plan if it actually does happen .
it seems almost impossible to believe that there are n't people in europe coming up with a game plan in case britain leaves .
that would be a complete failure of their duties if they were n't .
their most important fucking job is to come up with scenarios to manage the fallout of issues of this magnitude unless i 'm mistaken in what exactly what that eu commission does as is easy to do in european politics .
you ca n't linearly extrapolate that kind of data .
eu só não escolhi o necromancer porque o gajo pareceu-me ser mais de usar magia e essas cenas e eu com magia não sou lá muito bom .
sou mais aquele jogador que usa as armas todas para ir aos cornos aos gajos e vai à guerra com tudo o que aparece .
i recommend you to have a look at my similar post i 'm sure it will help .
you should set a fps limit to your games to avoid noise and high temperatures .
it 's been talked about on the mma hour .
fire is pretty fun in pvp once you get decent gear
if they had bicycles then they could get to work .
the only person i can confront about anything no matter how small is my so .
i still have n't grown the balls to tell my dad or his girlfriend that i hate porkchops .
instead i just suck it up amd force myself not to gag and eat them anyway .
however i do see lil ' griff dying as he steps up to dany then dany kills him to head back to her families roots .
i can neither confirm nor deny corporate has eyes everywhere
i used to play roblox waaaay back and it got me into incremental gaming .
i say that what i meant was it made me think incremental gaming was non-modular fixed progression button clicking that 10 year-old me thought was better than learning java script
someone invent a time machine so i can slap myself .
i hate garen 's villain system maybe its why whenever i play and he 's on the enemy team i do n't win .
but something about him dealing 50 of my hp in true dmg seems just flat out wrong to me .
check your bank account balance today then with 1000 interest .
i can see about a dozen other things wrong with it but i 'm on my phone and ca n't type them all out
so as i 've heard but not experienced apparently boom-furling has not yet matured as a technology the way in-mast furling has .
in the early days of in-mast furling they broke often .
they got a bad rap and then they improved immensely .
boom furlers just have n't gotten over that hump yet so they salties say i hear apparently .
you really ca n't control your diet when you eat at a restaurant .
but a restaurant meal should be an infrequent event .
i went to dinner with the wife last night and ate a reasonable meal .
so my total guesstimated calorie count using mfp put me well over my baseline needs let alone my caloric goal for weight loss .
keep restricting my diet and in a few years i should be exactly where i want to be .
weight loss is a long term goal facilitated by a lifestyle change .
watch more of my videos to look at that same picture of me over and over again .
do n't worry i will be sure to put it up every few seconds in case you missed it .
it you really want to piss off someone try three simple words
for instance some top-streamers will concede for one or two games just to negate '' previous wins fans gifting them '' .
however there are many people out there with many different viewpoint of the world so this is not always the case .
my mind has been at peace for many months now .
plenty of great jobs and employers out there that do n't discriminate against tattoos .
a good demeanour and work ethic count for a lot more than a visual artistic expression .
source i have always been successfully employed and tattooed .
i 'm just sick of reading it again and again .
you cant even save images in the new app sticking with alien blue for now .
i do n't think they 're still in stores at least not in america .
i have one as well and have not noticed too many features missing .
well there 's airdrop and airplay mirroring but i do n't use those anyway .
haha just applying a hard low-pass filter to your sample and using that for your bass
i just wish they did n't do the mini pepperoni cubes thing .
luckily it 's easy enough to just add my own pepperoni to their cheese pizzas .
well when you put it that way 50-100k does sound better .
when considering something like this you ca n't forget the lessons learned by the titanic .
if it had hit head on it would not have sunk .
you have to consider the same thing in a circumstance like this .
most of the high speed safety features are going to be built into the front of the car .
it can be hard to determine at which point it is safer to take the hit on the safest part of the car versus trying to avoid and hitting a less reinforced area .
not to mention a side swipe can send the car hurtling into other cars in other lanes or barriers .
it is n't as simple as just always try to avoid .
seems only a matter of time before they upgraded to plastic pop bottles for bottle conditioning .
the title is a bit much as well as the last part about honouring nazi allies '' .
the far-right in finland has taken a massive leap into mainstream acceptance but they 're not taking over .
im seeing alot of comments saying its just fsx+better ground textures .
yeah no shit guys they basically said that a few weeks ago with the orbx partnership .
keep in mind that is fsx plus a high quality addon for a much lower price .
granted this is not the full simulator this is the bunny hill .
so i dboute meany of you hear would really buy this anyway considering your not the target audience .
there 's no ads it 's offline and there 's no energy .
but yet you 're saying the highest labelled iap like it 's a bad thing .
you can get everything including the iap currency for free .
other developers either make it absurdly tedious or impossible to get the paid currency for free but this dev made it hard but not too hard .
they deserve all the money paid for those iaps .
but yeah welcome to reddit where going against the circlejerk orthodoxy gets your post censored .
that 's hope better quash it before its out of control .
cruz is the single best embodiment of the future of the republican party .
so the future of the republican party is a party that hates itself .
cruz is a new man he inherited no wealth and has no celebrity to rely upon .
ok but the argument was between a sensible go-along-to-get-along moderate establishment and a crazed blood-thirsty conservative base that will not listen to reason .
the first has existed only very very grugingly for the past 6 years .
but cruz embodies the crazed blood-thristy base that will not listen to reason .
he 's the embodiment of my way or the highway ''
meanwhile trump 's quintuple axle on abortion illustrates that he has never bothered to think through core conservative convictions .
i 'll say this for him cruz embodies the crazed bloodthirsty right 's unwilling to listen to reason conservative convictions .
maybe not as much as huckabee who wanted to use the military to shut down abortion clinics .
glen beck has been a fan and think 's he moses reincarnate .
his father think 's he 's basically jesus come again .
what do you mean kobe literally stiff armed him in the face while in midair .
that would be a foul in most sports besides maybe the ufc .
try to get near the fireplace if it 's open
i also have dry skin i ca n't speak on l'oreal lumi but i have both the giorgio armani one and the tarte rots .
the ga is definitely more luminous upon application whereas the tarte is more of a satin finish and can be built towards a dewy look .
both are really forgiving on dry skin i guess it depends what sort of finish you 're looking for/color range .
i think you looked up 'upside down rainbow ' and clicked the first link
edit i bvii iv bvi or i vii iv vi ?
i can not okay with racistm towards upstanding black folks who dindunuffin .
at best he 'd get a visit and a warning at worst jail time .
i 'd rather pay 20 bucks for a couple of usenet subscriptions .
reminds me that i still need to cancel my netflix subscription .
i 've only used it to watch daredevil but i ca n't watch any of my other series on netflix .
if i 'm lucky they 'll be 2 or 3 seasons behind .
there actually is n't any way to watch those shows .
if i were to tell you that i watch the latest episode of arrow every week i know mediocre show i 'd implicitly be admitting to piracy .
the only way i could watch that legally is by flying to the us every week .
i kept getting wins and top of the leader board and a few other control bounties and wondering why they were n't popping .
i would not wear them as a normal tee no .
they 're meant to be undershirts and are made with sheer drapey fabric that will hug any curves you may have .
was really pissed when i needed home healthcare nurses .
that shit is for senior citizens not college seniors .
definitely was just trying to make a longform case that unlike civ games it 's not uniform or even and the side with the best '' weapons does n't always win .
i genuinely want to see other players achievements too .
do n't ask for a new opponent just use it as a learning opportunity .
i do n't donate jack because people without money can go fuck themselves
either way insurance will likely need to be contacted as that 's what it 's for they should take care of dealing with who 's at fault .
they can only appreciate pretentious artsy '' films '' movies which require little to know thought and have mildly ambiguous endings .
hey there are a lot of smart and experienced people on here .
but here is my experience i am about to start week 16 on sl 5x5 .
in the beginning i thought this was easy and was thinking i should add cardio or something cause i 'm a bad ass ...
today doing squats bench rows i ca n't imagine having to do anything else the program is kicking my ass and showing results that i did not think were possible .
but more than my lost weight my body has changed drastically i see muscle i feel strong i am a different animal .
remember lifting the weights does not build the muscle it is the rest in-between .
all the other stuff will destroy you in 4 weeks when 5x5 starts to get real .
he told me about a crazy guy in his town that once tried to plant corn potatoes and wheat all in the same field at the same time .
his idea was that by doing it he could sneak more yields out of the field .
the competing plants stripped the field of all its nutrients .
not only did he not get a single crop out of the field it messed up the land for several years after .
think of the program like that try 5x5 stick with it for 12-20 weeks .
on the document the fitness journey question the 5x5 app is amazing it tracks your progress .
what it does not have is a way to measure your body changes .
for that i use a program called full fitness on my iphone .
it lets you measure weight body measurements body fat etc .
i 'd trade all 3 of those guys for bryce 6 times over .
edit i absolutely love this trade even more after re-reading it .
if you got any important updates feel free to inform us
i do n't think she showed anyone her conveniently placed ak butt wound which she probably should n't be sitting on during this interview .
there is a line between self-derision and self-hatred that you do n't seem to get
now can i have my favorite video game back ea sports ?
that would only if i run it on high settings right ?
no one here but you can determine if you are asexual or not .
it really comes down to how you perceive your sex drive and sexual attraction .
sex drive/libido http www.asexuality.org/wiki/index.php ? title=libido and sexual attraction http www.asexuality.org/wiki/index.php ? title=sexual_attraction are two different things .
sex drive is more the biological response your body has to get off or to relieve yourself of sexual tension like through masturbating but it can still be with partners too .
sexual attraction is the pull/desire/craving to release that sexual tension with a partner .
it 's when you see them and want to have sex with them .
asexuality is the lack of sexual attraction not a lack of sex drive .
it can still feel good to release that tension with a partner they just do n't have the innate desire/pull that causes them to be sexually attracted towards them .
you very well could be asexual it definitely sounds like you might be on the spectrum but no one here can assess what it is you 're feeling when you experience your sex drive kick in .
i really wish i wasnt this way as i feel like im missing out..i feel sort of like a freak or weirdo because of this..i wish i was normal..
you might not be normal '' because asexuality certainly is n't in the majority and is n't the norm '' but just because you 're different does n't mean that there is anything wrong with you .
people are made different and it completely sucks that society places such a huge emphasis on the importance of sex but if you are ace you 're not broken .
you just have different needs from other people and that 's perfectly okay !
hey not trying to be rude but ppl may answer if you put a list on what games you play man do n't want some one to add ya and you do n't have games in common lol
watermelon crack is way up there at the top of my favorites list .
but i got ta say honey suckle my cuke is probably my 1 favorite at this time .
as an english major a whole lot of my twitching was my eye as my professor announced we 'd be reading wuthering heights .
i read that goddamn book five fucking times in college .
it might just be three houses away from its home .
i like to work the weekends where i live because most people and dipshit military have it off .
plus i only work 4 days and only till noon .
you said in another post to u/jamesw89 who is completely justified with everything he said to you that your finances are tight at the moment '' because of how much time school takes up .
so why the fuck are you on reddit using your precious time spamming this sub with shit posts and shit comments that either contribute nothing but you trying to brag or pathologically lie useless discussion '' questions no one cares about and taking time out to change your flair to some middleschooler petty shit .
you even said you were dyslexic and have to proofread everything and use programs and stuff to type and it takes you really long to post what youre selling on whatever you claim to use .
so you have all the time in the world to sit on reddit and contribute nothing but you cant list ?
your excuse for having a 5 feedback ebay account or whatever it is was that youre a newb on there .
my 60 year old technologically challenged mother sells on ebay .
the only justification i could see for you saying that you sell on facebook and craigslist and the pennysavers or whatever is that you can just lie about your sales '' to impress someone on this sub because obviously for how much time you spend here you must be seeking somekind of approval or acceptance from r/flipping
i was thinking more the effect and audio but that 's true too
if any of these brands stopped marketing they would lose market share .
even jiffy which even if they 've never done advertising '' has still done cross-promotional marketing see any recipe on another brand 's product that insists you use jiffy .
i hope it keeps working out for you guys !
oh no thats my life in fucking shreds then lol .
too bad i also live in germany even if i wanted to ca n't watch the live event my country wo n't support live stream via youtube .
i did n't think it was half as bad as people made it out to be but that 's just me .
i 'm one of those who liked bvs while fully acknowledging and seeing flaws
im not sure if you fully understood my comment .
i use the offperk perk since that raises deagle damage from 91 to 100 and allows for quickly taking out a smaller group of zeds just with bodyshots .
i was n't in a relationship when i deployed but i saw a few girlfriends and wives betray their husbands while they were away .
parker and waterman nibs tend to run a bit broad .
the line will be a lot thicker than what you 'd get out of a ballpoint .
if you use cheaper paper you 'll really get a thick line .
also some bleed-through on the other side of the paper .
the great thing about a parker nib is that it will probably be wet and stiff which is perfect for taking notes very quickly .
when i 'm taking notes with a wet pen i sometimes write with the pen rotated so that the top shiny side of the nib touches the paper .
not all pens will lay down a line that way but i bet your parker can handle it .
held carefully so as not to scratch the paper pulling up fibers you can write most of your notes with that very fine line .
rotate the pen back to the normal position to write headings .
i never thought about the drivers having presets for their settings .
rich people overwhelmingly put their money in investments where it is used to help other companies grow .
this company growth in turn helps consumers who get new products and the people the company employs .
... not to be rude but i will be blunt .
did you seriously post this trickle-down economics argument just days after the panama papers come out ?
because that 's all the evidence i need for this counterpoint .
one of my favorites is tobin heath https streamable.com/davb ?
would love vossy to be confirmed as a lurker and hold an ama on a throw away official account
this had me laughing in amazement all the way great story
nawww i was enjoying this being upvoted without any comments .
this http www.matterofstats.com/mafl-stats-journal/2015/8/7/lead-and-lead-changes-in-afl says 19 in the 2010 essendon/sydney game .
only if you do n't have to pass two or three of its cousins going to school every morning .
stop queueing for the 2 most over subscribed roles then
seems to be a bit of a trend of supernatural teen wolf actors appearing on arrow
i 'm very interested in your story i 'm gon na support your book so hard at least when i remember to buy it .
but man i just woke up and ca n't think of a solid question so how about this did you have the time and/or the access for online entertainment shows movies internet video games if you like them ?
if so did spending your leisure time in those ways seem more looked down upon than others ?
now for the question i initially thought of if you did watch shows are you caught up with game of thrones ?
the premiers do n't want to raise taxes to pay for their spending well neither do we turnbull said .
he said the decision of the states and territories was a revealing moment of clarity for him and made it clear all governments had to live within their means .
the only way then to create revenue was economic growth he said .
excessive taxes excessive debt serve as a handbrake on economic growth.
if the government does n't invest in infrastructure and services and indeed will likely cut both of these pray do tell mr trambull where will the jobs be for the people who will get tax breaks and consume to generate growth ?
i wonder if there was a influx of heart related problems those nights around brisbane .
rhystic study is great but ... are you paying the 1 for that ?
in all seriousness the other colours do need some card draw it 's part of the problem why blue is the strongest colour arguably ... maybe ... probably and why red and white are weaker .
this said i find rhystic study an annoyance to play/deal with its effect is silly strong especially early game .
sark has a second kid on the way at the moment so i 'm not sure if its in the cards for the time being .
jokes puns and off-topic comments are not permitted in any comment parent or child .
parent comments that are n't from the target group will be removed along with their child replies .
posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour and posts that are not appropriate for the serious tag will be removed .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
how is that related to poaching people from the corps ?
i believe i 'm currently at the equivalent stage as you but not in the us .
i do n't if this is true in your situation but you ca n't compare yourself to people who have just graduated and have recently crammed themselves full of medical knowledge you also ca n't compare yourself to people with experience beyond yourself .
speaking to colleagues a lot of people feel this way at this stage .
a lot of doctors put on a front and others have lack of insight .
at work i am constantly in fear of the unknown unknowns thats why i 'm always focusing on being conscientious and seeking advice when necessary .
when speaking to senior colleagues many of them talk about a period adjustment they went through and the fears associated with it as the got more senior .
i would suggest talking to people 1-2 years your senior and get advice .
i think you will be surprised how many did n't feel fully settled until specialty training .
going around normal support channels to get information on accounts banned for rmt ?
you know how the petition system has been clogged for a long time now ?
ccp 's always had a priority method of dealing with important characters first like if a ceo is banned or spam petitioned .
it 's why boat who does some stupid shit is never banned .
some courses you can coast by and get an a no problem show up to lecture do the readings the essays/midterms/finals are spelled out for you .
others require you to be much more engaged with the material/professor/class and really challenge you .
i 'd love to walk you through some of the various professors majored in history graduated last year feel free to shoot me a pm
tbh i think the most powerful characters in the verse ranking goes like this acnologia igneel end zeref
also as for your first statement here 's a link too lazy to type p https mangahelpers.com/forum/threads/the-e-n-d-thread.2997792/page-10
if anyone has the patience to go through this lecture https youtu.be/82shsnuru6c by biologist bruce lipton you wo n't regret it .
especially if you 're interested in things that seem to go beyond science .
touka then says to kaneki i 'll see you soon '' and kaneki responds with that 's mean touka '' then whispers to himself i will be the sacrificial pawn '' .
i only feel like he 'll either have a new face covering or none at all but with a hood .
personally i kind of wish he could have a new helmet but then again the scar could look cool on him .
he 'll probably need to recover from the insane amount of lightsaber wounds including his bowcaster wound though lol .
when you see someone at high ranks play t1 finley you know it will be a good day
to other users posting on this thread and not to the submitter of this particular thread offering on price check and question threads is not allowed .
failure to abide by this rule may result in a temporary or permanent ban .
sharking is not tolerated here and any attempt made will result in a permanent ban .
please refer to our subreddit 's rules as well if you have any doubts .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/globaloffensivetrade if you have any questions or concerns .
safe packers and movers is online booking platform of packers and movers in jaipur that allows you to find honourable worthy of trust movers and packers services in india .
we 'll just have to she what fuckin way she goes bubs .
just played garen quite a few times and hes doing fine .
the tank items suit him fine and he deals as much as any other tank .
chuck a cheeky youmuu on him and he murders .
buy an item called black king bar and tell all those pesky non ultimate stuns to fuck off for 5-10 seconds every fight .
towers are n't supposed to completely stop you but just be a deterent and a location to teleport to .
the slowness makes all your moves and positioning more important .
if you really want to you can pick a hero called timbersaw and kill all of the trees to get used to trees being destroy able .
is there a way of telling what level they are at ?
i think the opening scroll is essential it is a star wars movie but let it be it 's own star wars movie .
no need to force anything into it including the droids you 're looking for .
ubw s i can see your point about the hole left by the holy grail but archer 's reappearance did n't change all that much in the larger scheme of things .
he saves rin but saber was being forced to destroy the grail so one way or another the grail issues would be resolved though obviously .
as for his headshot on gilgamesh given that shirou was willing to chop his arm off to see gilgamesh die and he would do something like this that crazy boy since in the vn there 's also the option to dive in the darkness with gil reaching the last dead end of the ubw route archer 's arrival just saved us from seeing two characters being de-armed in one episode . ''
it was the last night that my so was staying for .
we watched a movie cuddled had awesome sex and talked until 4am .
or if we have to have one i hope it contains an as2 preview .
you cant pick sirius for uoc i 'm afraid but allanon is really the dogs bollocks for most hard content i find .
and i think the divine gate costs 6 gems so i would save them really
cho gath is thematically supposed to be horrible all consuming creature yet he still teaches kids about hazards of smoking and drinks air .
do you feel with the resurgence of azir she is slowly sneaking her way back in ?
what with azir loving to scale into late and jinx doing the same a team comp with the two of them can be so devastating .
i was just saying that for a select few topics sensitivity is highly recommended .
his last start of 2015 was n't that bad either until the bullpen implosion http www.baseball-reference.com/boxes/sfn/sfn201510040.shtml .
if he can string together 2-3 more qs i 'll be pretty amped about him .
my vote goes to sunny day real estate 's faces in disguise '' from the rising tide .
but rooms of the house is simply fantastic the best la dispute album by far .
yeah he 's still having time off for the head knock .
got the bye next week so do n't want to risk it .
it was n't as good as banwave 2 though .
well i 'm originally from utah but i live in europe have for about 4 years .
if you are 1k ivi sure but thinking about most of the population not so much .
we live in very 'narcissistic ' times so i do n't have a huge problem with sk putting herself at the center of a narrative as a literary device .
it gave the piece an intimate behind the curtains feel where the listener was invited to 'go through the emotions ' with her .
how strict a journalistic document of the murder of hml it was intended to be i do n't know but it failed somewhat in that regard .
she did try and contact the victims family to give them a voice in the story but missed a number of opportunities to take the story in directions that could have been interesting culturally/socially .
in fact the one part that was very journalistic was where she would try and balance evidence of guilt/innocence against each other as if it was actually a 50-50 .
she probably never expected it to blow up like it did and under certain lights it does not fare well .
however as a story with her as the central character i 'm not sure that it should be criticized on journalistic standards exactly .
i 'm not sure if this makes sense i 'm in rush .
used to only be like 20 in the us .
in just a few years there are 300 and more are opening .
if you want to tryhard play it on live when it comes out .
it 's not a human being until it can survive outside the womb so like i said the decision as to what a woman does to her own body is up to her .
after school i became an apprentice painter but when the recession hit ireland all of the building stopped and work was scarce so i had to go on social welfare .
i used that opportunity to go to university and study software development and i 'm now 4 weeks away from being finished my 4 year degree and already have a full time job lined up doing something i absolutely love .
the most important thing i learned is that it 's never too late to change your life .
the native keyboard is the google keyboard for my nexus 5x ...
damned if i do damned if i do n't right ?
without citation you 're blowing smoke from your ass and have nothing to back it up with
the rate people claim muscle disappears is hilariously overstated .
i 've taken extended time off before and it does n't just vanish .
sure you might not fill out a shirt quite the same or hit the same prs for a bit but i 'm only talking like a 100 95 drop .
not sure why there 's such a huge reddit controversy over what way to put toilet paper on the roll
hey interesting changes happening to borders are good news for geography enthusiasts !
there will still be historical maps of the fucked up border .
yes but the person should be allowed to cast spells while being taunted otherwise it would be way to powerful
lower bowl still not making noise until let 's go bruins ''
this is probably my favorite triple play simply because of the fundamentals in action in it .
there are people who will get stem degrees just because that 's the only degree they can afford .
in fact stem degrees may become easier so that universities do n't have to deal with everyone dropping out .
and if you think that the only people who could survive a stem degree are the people already majoring in stem you are wrong .
there are tons of smart and driven people outside of stem .
well then thank you for showing us what 's really important .
ok a lot of the advice here is a touch weird .
firstly i do n't think anyone is answering your blunt question .
yes the chinese line offers things that the russians simply do not .
lets start at tier 7 because thats where the chinese tanks are actually heavy
its fast its kind of bouncy and it has a 390 alpha boom stick because fuck you .
seriously this thing is a god on the battle field .
it has just enough armor to stop shells now and again and a gun that can trade really really effectively .
literally a slow is with arguably shittier armor ... .. because reasons .
it used to be a tier 6 waaay back in the day when there was only 1 soviet tier 10 .
is-2 the best tier 7 heavy fuck you t-29 .
it is literally an is with a much better gold round .
the is suffers from an underwhelming 217 pen apcr round .
this will really really struggle to deal with tier 9s and even some tier 8s .
is-3 this is a tier 9 vehicle that happens to get tier 8 match making .
its stupid and i hate it because its literally rendered most every other tier 8 tank irrelevant .
it is mobile has pretty strong frontal armor a great turret a giant boom stick with oddly good gun handling .
bascially its only crippling factor is the abysmal view range which doesnt really matter because this is the kind of tank you get in peoples faces with .
i mean its terrible it was actually buffed recently and i have not played it post buff but it still doesnt look competitive but it kind of holds a soft spot in my heart .
it fires on the move extremely well has high pen and apcr rounds that are enough to make any tier 8 jealous .
the problem is that its slow and oddly armored .
i say oddly because sometimes it works sometimes it doesnt .
so far so good the problem is the rather sizable weak spot on top of the tank .
no i do n't mean that weird machine gun mini-turret or whatever it is i mean the entire turret .
it is easily penetrated by tier 8s firing standard ammo .
this wouldnt be such a big deal if the tank had alpha damage to trade with like the e100 or extremely high dpm churchill .
basically this is a terrible tank that can lead to some silly moments .
on paper its a more well armored is-3 with a higher dpm gun .
the armor only works if you are hiding the lower plate and pointed directly at the enemy .
when you combine that with the rather poor turret this tank starts to look oddly inflexible .
also the gun doesnt have the alpha of the is-3 which is a pretty bad thing imo .
or the gun handling ... . because russia comrade !
basically this means its only real advantage is significantly better view range which should not be discounted .
tier 9 this is going to be a hard one for me as all the tanks are stupidly good
t-10 ok so i have not actually played this tank .
i played the is-8 before it received numerous buffs .
i have to say i loved it back then .
its highly mobile and offers a very punchy gun for the tier .
the pike is quite weak and the sides are weaker than the is-3s .
the turret used to be much worse but i think that has been buffed to the point it is no longer a problem .
basically the t-10 is all about the gun though .
its surprisingly high dpm high alpha and good gun handling .
this is high up on my list of tanks to re-buy .
its gun handling is simply horrid despite having the same gun as the t-10 .
this is the only tier 9 tank i have played that can just bully tier 10s .
the hull is quite strong if well angled or side scraped .
and it has 8 degrees of gun depression the same as the t110e5 .
this is a really really strong tank but lags behind the others imo due to the poor speed .
wz-111 1-4 this is number one on my list of tanks to rebuy .
firstly its got armor the t-10 really cant compete with .
the ufp is far better angled it has the same bull shit spaced side armor and a better turret actually this might no longer be the case but it certainly used to be .
it is nearly as mobile but a touch slower .
where this tank excels is in its giant boom stick .
seriously 490 alpha with competitive dpm is nothing to turn your nose up at .
this is really the spiritual successor to the is-3 imo .
it retains the alpha the armor and the mobility with an oddly well handling gun .
frighteningly well armored pretty mobile but not significantly more so than other extremely well armored tanks and a big boom stick .
the turret is every bit as strong as everyone claims and the hull is remarkably troll particularly if you hide the lower plate .
really this tank suffers from poor gun handling and horrid dpm its basically the same as the wz-111 1-4 on both accounts .
it should also be noted that its gold round is pretty poor .
this thing can bounce in ways you would never expect .
and has poor gun handling lacks the alpha of the is-7 and does not do particularly well against gold shells .
its turret also has the somewhat notoriously overmatch-able weak roof .
it is a decent enough tank but not exactly special .
the ufp is like 3 degrees off of auto bounce ... . very strong though not impenetrable .
the turret is the typical cast design basically do n't even bother shooting it .
the lfp is very weak and so are the sides .
well its got ludicrous dpm this thing fires exactly as fast as the t110e5 while having 40 more alpha damage and can keep up with all but the fastest mediums ... . because reasons .
seriously this is like the e50 at tier 9 .
its mobile enough to do medium things but well armored enough to bully mediums .
it has the dpm to do pretty much anything it needs and it has the armor to safely engage heavies from the front .
this thing is an absolute beast right now in skilled hands .
just do n't expect a heavy with reliable '' armor .
this is one of the best tanks for pubbing it and it is starting to see quite a lot of use in competitive play as well .
ninja edit i just re-read your post and noticed you talking about the chinese mediums .
basically the recent buffs to the 113 have rendered the 121 completey redundant .
the 113 has nearly the same dpm gun handling and mobility and far stronger armor .
the 121s gun depression is also 2 degrees worse because reasons .
basically at this point the 121 is not worth it at all .
it is the only tier 10 i have sold .
knoxville has a growing youth 8 teams and summer league 16 ?
the club scene is up and down every year .
knoxville had one men 's team at club sectionals that was primarily league level players last season but that has changed from year to year .
you 're 100 right so sick of hearing about who is worth what pick .
at the end of the day there will always be sleepers in the draft who we miss on and say oh wow how did we let this guy go past us ...
2 weeks ago i saw a guy who was riding a bike in the pack punch a man who was probably 65 years old in the face knocking his glasses about 10 ft off his face .
after the biker and his fellow law breakers cut the truck off and nearly ran a pedestrian over .
they were stopped at the light at paca and lombard .
and of course there were no plates on the bike he was riding .
and nothing was done he got back on the back ran that light and was gone towards the mlk intersection .
i do remember requesting workstudy in fafsa but it was n't offered to me so i guess i will have to speak with them about that .
as for scholarships i have a good gpa and i applied before march 1st .
no accomplisher is n't an occupation but scientist engineer economist etc are all occupations for people who make real innovations .
i do n't respect do-nothing people that just sit back and write opinion pieces without actually doing things that really improve the situation .
yet he 's still double down on the efficacy of his crime bill even though politifact with its significant pro-clinton bias called his statements mostly false '' .
hello everybody were in our 4th bootcamp day here in sweden our practices are going good and were having the opportunity to play against the best teams in the world
we would like to register our frustration about not beeing invited to the faceit main league beeing the 14th best team in the world .
we got invited for a qualifier of this league where e.fox got their spot 3 days before our trip to sweden and this qualifier happened while we were here already .
besides all that they didnt allow us to play with lags cos in their point of view that would be unfair .
i love bowling but i do n't go enough .
... but juat because you think honda is the best does n't make it true .
i 'm not necessarily saying you 're wrong but since you 're a honda '' family you 've obviously been raised into it and have your mind set because they 're all you know .
actually my family became a honda family because of me i 'm the car guy .
how do you know what your favorite flavor is if you 've only had vanilla ?
did i mention that i 've been working on cars for 15 years ?
i 've seen driven and worked on vehicles from just about every one of the most common brands in the us .
and here i was expecting so much more from a super cop such as yourself .
the systems have accumulators variable speed compressors and electronic txvs .
suction pressure and ac discharge temp is not going to tell you shit .
when it starts hitting 30-35 degrees outside that is when the system starts to ramp up and put out 100 capacity .
oh you 're right it was a different guy explaining he thinks muzzin is better i did n't bother looking at the u sorry .
there will be one currency with 75 haspower and another currency '' with less than 25 hashpower .
the currency that has actual claim to the name bitcoin '' will be obvious .
for me it 's not that i hate it per se .
i just do n't think i 'll be interested in watching it a second time .
i went to see the movie although i read the reviews hoping it would be like watchmen eg reviews were bad i loved it .
but i 'm sad to say this time i really did not like it .
i was really not entertained by it undertained as you will .
you ca n't actually tell from that angle it happens all the time on tv broadcasts this angle looks like it 's obviously on sides then they cut to a straight on look and the player is two feet offsides .
i agree a lot of the ww in bo3 zombies are spin offs of specialists weapons .
however the dg2 has been around long before the tempest weapon .
i 'm all for more unique ww 's for future maps .
two best midfielders in the championship do n't you know ?
i 'm sure the fans will look back and think that made the season '' as they stumble out of the playoffs .
meh 1 a beer or 15 minimum on food is pretty much the norm .
a large part of their targets are western muslims which are not radicalized .
giants walking around all happy n shit ... ... fuck their happiness .
put on all your best dodgers gear today and show them what 's up .
ha i was wondering why you did n't brought up the indonesian '' football clubs name commotion
take an rb with 1.03 then trade two of the picks for a decent rb maybe sweeten the deal with a wr .
who says he has to play when he 's injured ?
when he is healthy again i want to see him play .
i told alex that he has a huge ego .
dude does n't give you anything for befriending him .
they did n't take me off estrogen when i had mine .
they did take me off multivites aspirin and other nsaids .
they prescribed a huge amount of vit c afterwards .
i just changed a couple three stacked 2x2 guaze pads in my panties daily nd tucked it all in place .
they used general anesthesia on me so i ca n't help you with the anxiety thing but they surgeon or your gp might give you some xanax for that if u ask .
they gave me some before my breast aug so it 's not like unusual for them to do it or anything .
my partner went to the same surgeon just recently tho .
they had the exact same experience as i did .
we both took a week off but it was n't really necessary unless you have some super physically active job .
you are n't supposed to lift much for a week or two after .
do n't smoke if u ever do it really fux with healing up .
neither of us did nor the dozens of other trans peeps went thru this surgeon .
if estrogen caused problems they would know i 'd think eh ?
could you maybe provide an example of what you mean ?
no problem thanks for the heartscales enjoy your new buddies !
you wo n't have a hold put on your account but that is not a good attitude to have about meeting with your advisor .
you pay tuition and part of what that pays for is all the campus resources that you can take advantage of including advising .
do n't look at it as a burden but as an opportunity .
it tends to firm up faster than other stuff .
truth be told his ultimate is what makes him what he is .
he is a constant threat the second he hits level 6 as merely the lack of his presence in mid lane is enough to make people back off or at the very least play very defensively .
he more or less forces his laner and his enemy jungler to ward up around his lane allowing your own jungler to make plays elsewhere more efficiently as he is less likely to be seen .
in addition tf has a kit that allows him to stay in his lane for a long period of time and punish his laner whenever he leaves it by shoving him into his tower .
he has a stun that makes up for his squishiness and an ultimate that could be used to get back to lane very quickly if he does in fact screw up ever so slightly .
tl dr incredible map pressure high threat level relatively safe lane and high yet somewhat inconsistent damage output .
yes snyder is an example of how relying on one guy to dictate everything can be bad .
feige is an example of how it can be good .
but just because feige was successful does n't mean that it is the only way to structure a universe .
and at this point dc does n't need to scramble to find their feige unless they truly believe they need one .
our mil got us a baking stone for our wedding .
to season it we were supposed to bake biscuits on it .
we took it out of the oven set it on the heat proof counter and walked in the living room .
well there must have been a little bit of water somewhere because that stone exploded all over the kitchen .
if either one of us had been still standing there it would have been a trip to the er .
if ur not true pirate yet the accesories is least of ur concern get ring first to true siren since it gives the most dps wise
wait ... was that supposed to be like a relative of cthulhu at the end ?
it used to be that whenever someone wrote a message directed at me it was highlighted in red .
edit why does it say help at the left side of the screen
the question is general not only android related but i do not find a general subreddit about mobile devices .
i was reflecting after reading some topic in android apps that some if not all mobile devices nowadays have the hardware the software and the proper input interfaces to fulfill a lot of tasks that a person consider important .
some mobile devices at least from 2010 could consume information in text audio or video format from internet it could share and produce those informations too .
there was hardware powerful enough ok maybe not 4k screens but you get the point proper applications for consuming information or sharing or creating it .
the mobile devices could satisfy the need of a personal organizer messages contacts mail tasks appointments .
there were games available again not extra advanced but still engaging .
anyway for sure if i go back enough in the past either the hardware was not available or the software i would say that the lack of software was more common or the input interface .
for example i remember that windows mobile had capacitive touchscreen .
so while having maybe the hardware and the software pheraphs it did not have a proper input interface to perform certain tasks but i 'm not sure indeed i 'm asking .
even the first iphone released in 2007 as far as i remember had good spec not for the time but for the tasks that i 'm referring to but while i 'm quite sure that was possible to consume information with it to create information with it and to organize oneself i 'm not sure if there were the applications to share the created information with others like whatsapp fb messanger or dropbox and the like directly from the phone .
does someone has a better idea about this question ?
maybe already some nokia-s with symbian had everything i 'm mentioning ?
all you do is go around saying negative things about peoples offers or telling them there items are trash
he did n't get angry and a small room opened up with 3 chest inside
after trying out the fuji ace 24 and a fuji 650c i could n't deal with the aggressive forward leaning stance that i had when riding it .
i settled on a fuji absolute 24 because i will be biking to lakes and parks so i can do some hammock camping and fishing .
since i have a 24 inch can a regular sized carrier fit on my bike ?
or does anyone here have any info to build one ?
i 'll probably be carrying around 10-15 lbs of gear max
i 'm a guy who is interested in playing strip games .
basically any game where the loser of a given round has to remove an article of clothing .
i think it sounds like a ton of fun but i can never find people in my area interested in playing .
so i figured i 'd give online a shot .
hit me up with a pm and we 'll see about working something out .
hey guys ive had my desktop for about 2 years now and its been doing this explorer lag and its annoying as hell .
lets say i type 54321 12345 it will literally type out each number every 1-2 seconds .
however if i go into my windows explorer window it works fine .
edit should mention 4770k 980ti 16gb 1866 z87 everything up to date .
hey all quick question for anyone that 's been to the moto shop in chicago .
are you able to customize a moto 360 on the spot or do you have to order it ?
i want to get 42mm with silver casing black micro knurl and black metal band .
i hate waiting and was just curious if they assemble onsite or just have the standard retail options available .
so this is the sixth entry in let 's talk lore and the topic is londor land of hollows
ok so to begin with londor is well known to be a realm of hollows .
these hollows are exiles from other lands and seem to have congregated a place where they may finally escape the persecution that they faced at the hands of the living .
londor the hollow realm is a society of undead comprised of the corpses and shades of those who led unsavory lives .
already we can tell that londor has the opposite view on many matters as they view turning corpses into traps a blessing .
this seems to be tied into their viewpoint that unlife is in some sense united against the living and that it is joyous for corpses to serve one last purpose .
what you may have also noticed from the description is that this miracle belongs to the sable dark church .
it acts as a faith for the undead and as opposed to other faiths such as the way of the white that encourages linking the fire to remove the curse of the undead the sable church states the opposite .
instead it preaches the salvation to hollows and the cursing of all living things .
a braille tome of londor first spoken by liliane of the sable church .
give this to a storyteller to learn miracles of londor .
this is a forbidden tome as it offers salvation to all hollows and conversely curses all things living .
continuing the opposite nature of the sable church the tales that the londor miracles relate as opposed to the divine stories of the gods instead focus on the suffering and conflict of hollows .
the third daughter liliane one of the founders of the sable church is said to recount tales that portray the suffering and conflict of hollows .
i would also argue that the salvation that the sable church is described as offering to the undead is not the type of salvation that might normally be expected .
instead the salvation that it mentions is instead an offer of death and an end to the curse of undeath .
this seems a bit at odd with things that i will bring up later but i believe this is the salvation that it openly preaches as when you meet yoel he is quite distraught that he was unable to die as was ordained which seems to be the purpose of the londor pilgrims as all those around him are dead .
additionally the atonement miracle which increases enemy aggression makes note of how it carries words of forgiveness and suggests an end to the eternal suffering of hollows .
miracle given to those cast out from the sable church of londor .
this is the only tale known by exiles who believe it carries words of forgiveness .
interesting enough there is evidence that for all their glorification of hollows the people of londor have not been able to shed their disgust of their hollow forms as they use illusionary rings to hide their real appearance .
one of the illusory rings worn by the hollows of londor .
the hollows of londor are wretchedly aged fraught with deceit and dubiously secretive .
this self disgust is further backed up by the description of the purging stone which reveals that hollows of londor sometimes even fool themselves whereupon they fights other hollows .
inhabitants of londor the land of hollows use this secret treasure to feign normalcy .
occasionally a hollow fools even himself and turns on his own kind .
the sable church also teaches the idea of a hollow lord that will usurp the fire .
this is all told by yuria who encourages this path .
this is done by spurring the growth of an unkindled 's true power by dying them in humanity that sprouts from dark sigils which also connects the character enough to the curse of the undead that they can hollow .
a black gaping hole in the flesh that resembles the brand of an undead .
the darkness of humanity seeps from this bottomless pitch-back hole the gap filled by the accumulation of the curse .
this dark sigil will never heal but there is a tale told of a fire keeper who returned from the abyss and brought great comfort to a bearer of the curse .
following the use of dark sigils by wedding the unkindled to another of the same kind they will gain enough power to become a hollow lord take the power of the flame for themselves .
the justification for this as said by yuria is that the gods are no more so the fire deserves a new heir and that heir should be someone who wears the true face of mankind .
it is said that a rite of wedlock will presage a true hollow lord .
your spouse 's name is anri who patiently awaits a rightful lord deep within the mausoleum .
the fact that the wedding '' takes place where in the darkmoon tomb could be symbolic as the gods are no more and the darkmoon tomb was meant to be the resting place of gwyn .
out with the old and in with the new as it were .
if this is all reminding you of kaathe 's shtick in dark souls 1 it should .
not only does yuria apologize for failing kaathe if you kill her her armor tells of the founding of the sable church which is that three maidens of a primordial serpent started it .
we know the names of the youngest liliane as said in the dark blade miracle and the middle sister who is actually yuria .
attire of the three mentors of the sable church of londor this billed mask belongs to yuria the second eldest.these maidens of a primordial serpent were renowned as founders of the sable church which offered salvation for hollows .
the members of the sable church also seem to be prepared for battle at any moment and indeed seem to have been involved in conflicts with those who oppose their glorification of hollows .
prevents spells in the vicinity including one 's own.members of the sable church are all trained swordsmen each sworn only to their weapons as they bear the leaden silence of londor .
yuria is a sterling example of this martial might .
a cursed sword with an unseen blade the choice weapon of yuria of londor .
yuria a mentor of the sable church and accomplished swordswoman is said to have claimed a hundred lives with this weapon .
not only does the sable church engage in open warfare they also count assassins among their ranks as might be expected of a land of exiles .
weapon of the pale shades assassins of the sable church of londor .
now i know what the suspicion is did londor come about from the remains of new londo ?
actually i do n't think it did and the fact that it shares the same name and the dark hand technique comes from the fact that kaathe was involved in its founding as well .
the reason i think this is that the dark sword describes the darkwraith as a survivor of a land swallowed by darkness which implies that new londo no longer exists although londor certainly does as that is where yoel and yuria call home .
pitch-black straight sword of the darkwraith survivor of the land swallowed by darkness.the darkwraiths were the first red orb invaders and originators of a unique sword technique inspired by their thick broad blades .
i understand that the description of the dark hand seems to imply that new londo became londor but the fact that the technique is said to be related to the primordial serpent rather than the land makes me think that kaathe simply retaught the technique .
weapon that allows its wielder to evoke an art unique to londor the land of the hollow .
it is also said to be an ancient relic of a primordial serpent.the dark hand mercilessly saps the essence of its victims and can also double as a special shield .
just to get back to the dark sigil we have more confirmation that humanity is linked to the abyss as the way to cure it is to use the soul of a firekeeper who specifically managed to return from the abyss .
soul of a fire keeper who is said to have returned from the abyss.this fire keeper preserves the bonfire and serves its champion .
she is said to have soothed and accepted the dark sigil which has tainted her soul.and yet her soul will one day embed itself in the bosom another fire keeper .
the last bit of knowledge i have on londor is that the sable church has a cathedral there with several towers .
a twisted sword resembling the towers of londor 's sable church .
eight branching blades and thorns induce bleeding.the church 's blessing makes the weapon revel in the agony of its owner .
heavy losses of hp boost attack a curse most befitting its deformed appearance
and something that i 'll just end the description of londor with is the fact that apparently they have their own types of magic as said by yoel but they are a far cry from the vinheim school sorceries .
they are led by the sable church that encourages a true age of dark and condemns the living while praising the existence of hollows .
i ca n't decide for the life of me .
is it going to be the marvel studios logo ?
first pitch 12:35 pm pt at angel stadium of anaheim
rangers r/texasrangers martin perez http mlb.mlb.com/team/player.jsp ? player_id=527048 0-0 3.00 era fssw|105.3 the fan 1540am espn deportes
3|mike trout grounds out softly third baseman adrian beltre to first baseman mitch moreland .
3|albert pujols singles on a sharp line drive to left fielder ian desmond .
albert pujols advances to 2nd on a fielding error by left fielder ian desmond .
5|nomar mazara homers 1 on a fly ball to center field .
7|mike trout out on a sacrifice fly to right fielder nomar mazara .
tex mazara records single for first mlb hit 0:47 http mediadownloads.mlb.com/mlbam/mp4/2016/04/10/582790583/1460317485467/asset_1800k.mp4
tex beltre starts an inning-ending double play 0:28 http mediadownloads.mlb.com/mlbam/mp4/2016/04/10/582860183/1460318514789/asset_1800k.mp4
laa escobar barehands grounder gets the out 0:56 http mediadownloads.mlb.com/mlbam/mp4/2016/04/10/582942983/1460319595269/asset_1800k.mp4
laa pujols lines an rbi single to left 0:55 http mediadownloads.mlb.com/mlbam/mp4/2016/04/10/583052583/1460320765156/asset_1800k.mp4
tex perez stays in game after hit with liner 1:16 http mediadownloads.mlb.com/mlbam/mp4/2016/04/10/583224083/1460322780663/asset_1800k.mp4
laa trout lifts a sacrifice fly to right-center 0:40 http mediadownloads.mlb.com/mlbam/mp4/2016/04/10/583397383/1460325343275/asset_1800k.mp4
after watching kiwikid 's sendoff from riot i remembered an old clip of right when he switched from toplane to support for dignitas has always been my favourite kiwi clip
garters would love to hear what you other guys think about her glistening pussy and what you might be driven to do for her .
i think it would be a great cable box replacement for a friend with a wireless mouse and keyboard combo .
but im worried about it over heating or having performance issues because all i have is the hp 4gb chromebox and that has a fan .
if anyone has one let me know your experiences with it specifically watching streaming videos for 3 plus hours .
the result is open stories an easy-to-use cms that you can check out here https github.com/josh-powlison/open-stories .
you can see an example of it in action here https storieslc.com/little-nemo-in-slumberland this is from my website so it has some extra features and more in the link to open stories on github .
so i 'm a college student and work delivering pizzas and put tons of miles on my car throughout the year 30k .
i 'm wondering if it makes sense to just lease a car if i could get something for 100/month because right now i spend more than that every year just on maintenance on my used car .
if not then what is the use of ever leasing a car in the first place ?
h flip knife ww case hardened blue gem backside w knife offers or keys b/o 43k
for the past 2 years i 've been a parasite living off my parents .
tbh it 's more like the past 20 years .
the past 20 years i never chose anything in my life .
i never chose to be asian i never chose to be bullied in my life .
i should 've died when i was a month year old when i was diagnosed with my disease .
i should 've died every time i could n't have stepped up for what i believe in .
i have n't chosen a single thing what i believe in where i sleep in what i 'm eating it 's all a prison .
whatever i choose it 's just a subsequent result of everything that happens in life .
these modern diseases that people label you for the drugs you buy .
i just want to die but i 'm scared .
i used to believe in not fearing death but i 'm at the limit of that philosophy being effective for me .
i can only accept this fate of the world .
everything is destiny and fate and blah blah blah .
you can choose to believe in that or not .
i 'm sorry but that advice ca n't get me to do anything .
with over 37 of the vote at the district assembly chuck norris has achieved the 30 delegate threshold to make it onto the ballot .
my understanding is that this is the first time degette has had a primary challenger in her 20 years representing a safe district .
i am so pleased that we have someone willing to make fighting climate change a top priority especially in colorado which is particularly vulnerable to drought and wildfires .
i 'm very excited that we will finally have some genuine policy debate over what it is that denver democrats stand for .
to all the denver cd1 delegates out there thank you .
for the rest of the democratic denverites i hope you 'll strongly consider voting for norris in the primary in june .
finally for the rest of you coloradans i hope you 'll be paying close attention as we attempt to finally get a sanders-supporting progressive in office .
another review on my channel 6 cards including yogg-saron and cho'gall !
so far i 've played 20 pvp games winning all of them 500 to 100 often much less with my team .
i played the closed beta and experienced the op phoebe .
me and my team all agree shayne aurox is the most powerful character .
she simply does too much damage for her abilities .
her abilities are very good but when she can pull me in as rath and out melee me than that 's just not right .
her character is tagged as stealth initiator complex '' .
she should not be able to kill a rath as easily as she does .
being able to put up 1800 dmg on board with nearly twice the health on top off the very powerful skills is not fair .
he should be a glass cannon at the most .
i dunno but when i was little i always thought that when there was a caught behind or catch the catcher/wicket-keeper used to get the wicket .
i also thought for some reason the the first ball of the innings was always a try ball '' and you ca n't get out .
edit i also thought that bowlers could n't bat .
i know i have the starters for a lot of good teams but i do n't know where i should be going .
for example i know ra/kali/kali/isis/sub is good but i dont have it yet but should i be working towards it .
the same thought process goes for pandora which will soon be awoken and yomi .
i know yamato and set are also good but i do n't exactly understand why .
i see that yamato is good for bind resist instead of leilan but i dont exactly see the use of set .
in general i do n't really know what to look for when building a high level team .
could someone possibly give me a rundown of what awakenings i want and why some teams are more optimal than others ?
i need to get a synth that will last me a while and has a variety of sounds but dont know where to start what would you recommend ?
looking for creative builders for a somewhat established castle server .
since it has been in existence it has n't worked for any of my accounts that i log into .
am i doing it wrong or is it just ccp
it 's the cleat looking things to the left of each hanging insulator .
on all 3 lines and every second pole has them .
like a lot of people i enjoy taking long walks by myself to clear my mind .
my only difference is that i prefer to walk at the oddest hours of the night usually between 2:30-4:00am .
i keep my buck fifty clipped on the left side of my pants for easy access to my right hand .
i always get the same brand and same size .
i always make sure i have at least a half pack of newport shorts placed in one of my dusty plaid shirt pockets fuck the 100 's pull ai n't the same .
been smoking shorts since i was a kid and i still have n't worn this 5 year old shirt out yet even though there are some holes .
i do n't care i do n't like change .
the roads i walk are places i 've been jumped have escaped attempts of people tryna run my pockets or having the hammer pulled on me .
i walk by and through the same faded road signs cracked sidewalks and alcohol fumed alleys .
i have my busted ass mp3 i got from a dirt ass mall set on my podcast playlist and my left ear plugged but my right ear open i hear better outta that one .
i stay alert almost paranoid but relaxed at the same time .
i 've always loosely claimed this term as crill .
i know it sounds lame but it sounded cooler back in high school being stoned outta my mind .
i like to keep my ideas set in stone .
i 'm strolling along but there is n't any action .
i think it 's time to change my path .
thats all ... do you think it could works with discards removals candtrips etc.. ?
i added synproxy to netdata and posted here https www.reddit.com/r/linux/comments/4dyqdj/realtime_monitoring_of_linux_antiddos_protection
then they attacked today the netdata demo server twice !
do you want to see what happens to your servers when you are ddos ?
2. zoom out the netdata.requests chart completely if you follow the link it will be just on your screen just under the pop-up zoom out using shift mouse wheel on chrome and opera only sorry no zoom on firefox yet
zoom in to any of them and then navigate to the all the other charts .
this is what happens when you are under ddos !
check nginx cpu interrupts the connection tracker peaked at 37.000 connections !
do it now the server has a round robin db of 24 hours only it will be available for about 12 hours only !
trade im looking for a dusknoir tell me what you want in return
shiny i 've been trying to get a shiny yanma so i 've been spamming hordes for them .
nosepass are the more common so i 'm now on my fourth shiny nosepass and no shiny yanma '
all the prices are firm if you are buying one item only
if you want to buy several items then send me an offer of 85 sa
buy all for 140 keys which is less than 85 analyst !
edit the prices set on items are just default exchange prices dont go by them look at steam analyst prices !
usp-s caiman factory new http steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198060719708/inventory 730_2_5767128158 0.064800284802914 http csgo.exchange/item/5767128158 sticker the baiter http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c the baiter sticker the zombie http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c the zombie sticker team envyus holo mlg columbus 2016 http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c team envyus 28holo 29 7c mlg columbus 2016 sticker thug life http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c thug life 3
awp sun in leo factory new http steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198060719708/inventory 730_2_5767128107 0.044429253786802 http csgo.exchange/item/5767128107 sticker mlg mlg columbus 2016 http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c mlg 7c mlg columbus 2016 3
ak-47 frontside misty field-tested http steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198060719708/inventory 730_2_5767127990 0.24890545010567 http csgo.exchange/item/5767127990 sticker the zombie http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c the zombie 5
ak-47 frontside misty field-tested http steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198060719708/inventory 730_2_5767127640 0.29761344194412 http csgo.exchange/item/5767127640 sticker ninjas in pyjamas cluj-napoca 2015 http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c ninjas in pyjamas 7c cluj-napoca 2015 sticker mousesports cluj-napoca 2015 http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c mousesports 7c cluj-napoca 2015 sticker natus vincere cluj-napoca 2015 http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c natus vincere 7c cluj-napoca 2015 sticker team envyus cluj-napoca 2015 http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c team envyus 7c cluj-napoca 2015 5
i 'm 100 new to factorio 2 days and i 'm having a blast discovering the game figguring out stuff building cool automation systems after i died pretty fast first game i created a self sufficient automated security system with turrets later found out there are laser turrets but building the system was too fun so i 'm still using it .
anyway i 'm currently a little stuck because i am desperatly short on plastic and i ca n't find any oil in or near my base .
now the issue is that i built a lot of stuff and 2 sides of my base are surrounded by thick thick forest and oil is super hard to see .
is there any way to highlight oil i already discovered/scanned on the map so i can see if i 'm overlooking it build smth on it or it 's in the middle of the forst ?
and while i 'm on it what exactly do the satelite dishes do ?
it says they scan the map but since the camera is always centred on my character what use is that ?
could i use thosw somehow to find new oil sources ?
say if someone wanted me to make a batch for them they pay for the ingredients beforehand and i give them a rounded price of what it will cost .
i just think there 's a major problem if in the entrepreneur section of reddit we do n't actually see any successful entrepreneurs .
so many people want to take risk and become entrepreneurs but there obviously are n't enough doing it and furthermore there is n't a clear enough path to encourage more to take the risks .
it 's easy to earn 500k/year or more working for a business .
why would i even want to be an entrepreneur if i was making less than that ?
people who want to be entrepreneurs for the most part i think want to make 1mm/month or more .
it 's the only logical tradeoff for the time and energy it requires .
i currently see 0 threads in this sub dedicated to making this sort of thing happen .
oh you made 100k this month in revenue but 10k profit ?
we need to pull together as a community and stop selling ourselves short .
people who want to be entrepreneurs want to make real money .
not 100k month we want 1mm month profit minimum .
i 'm sick of people who think trading years of their lives is only worth a few million .
why are we in such a fear mindset when we should be in an abundance mindset ?
is there anything we can do or will this sub remain the dogshit that it is forever ?
because right now like it or not it is complete fucking ass .
so i got to this part but when i enter same result it says same is a method group '' .
what i want to do is when result is false or true i want same to be that as well so i can use it in main later .
so i am looking to switch my checking account from capital one to a credit union and i am wondering if anyone would have any recommendations ?
i live in the north houston area and have looked into a few local but nothing really catching my eye .
are there any good credit unions that are not dependent on geographical location ?
pretty interesting game today that i think warrants a chat ... g/b tokens vs naya good stuff .
naya player had a nahiri at 34 loyalty at one point in game three .
she was digging deep and after going into extra turns after having only 4 cards left in deck ulamog got in previous turn
swung for the win with a flipped abby playing defense .
was a pretty amazing ending to a game imo .
wondering though having nahiri at such a high loyalty does that show how bad she is in this current environment or did nahiri win her the game ?
i just started using friend safari so i wan na know my type and pokemon found in it also some friends add me i 'll add you back
can anyone recommend an audio book for learning thai for a total beginner ?
i 'm preferably looking for one that can be used without any other material so you can listen to them while running etc .
for other languages i 've found audio books that include pronunciation tips grammar and even bits of culture .
it was more like having a professor tell you about the language and not just a long string of native recordings to repeat without much context .
for example let 's say that i want to make it replace halfling '' with hobbit '' .
hello help my hamster seems very sick any advice would be appreciated !
i can not get in touch with any 24 hour vets nearby that treat hamsters and tomorrow is sunday so my local vet does n't open until 9am .
anyways ralphie is a russian hamster she is usually extremely energetic however tonight she has been acting strange .
making a noise like a low pitch squeak sounds like scrubbing a glass or zipping a zipper
she is n't does n't seem to have an appetite .
she usually crawls all around my arm when i put my palm out/pick her up but now she just sits in my hand
she has fresh water a good diet give her food daily clean cage i cleaned it this past week made sure everything was dry and put back in the same spot .
i try to take the best care of her and am really worried for her someone please help !
the richest company on earth does n't have 24/7 phone support .
what did the ant say to the other ant ?
he was quiet for a moment and looked at the ground .
so i 'm torn i love dd play and cv play and i have some gold saved up .
should i pull the trigger on the blys and hope the saipan will be sold for gold or wait ?
it kind of makes sense to me usually straight arrow dudes think the being in the moment '' is just hippy talk and disregard it and meditation because they were always in-the-moment '' and did n't know anything else ?
maybe the people who do meditate to be in the moment use it to re-train the brain to get back to that state we were as little children .
children are carefree and always living second by second maybe we lose touch of that when we 're bombarded by the stresses of adolescence and adulthood with growing responsibility ?
i had a lot of fun last time i did this .
basically you provide a picture of yourself and i modify '' you using photoshop and share the results .
and by share the results '' i mean directly with you over pm .
i wo n't share pictures elsewhere or in this thread p
what are some funny pvp encounters that have happened in your campaign ones where it left the entire party laughing ?
one campaign i 'm running for a group of close friends the bard was constantly messing with the poor barbarian who was experiencing civilization and all its strangeness for the first time in his young life .
the bard would mess with him and give him bad advice for social encounters the barbarian began to build up a great anger for the bard who was only alive because the rest of the group kept him safe .
but the bard pushes the barbarian 's limit and decides to write a whole play which mocks barbarians as being stupid and barely capable of language .
just a bit of extra backstory both players were taking a class on roman history and were learning about cicero 's speeches which influenced the bard 's insults as well as his saying the pen is mightier than the axe '' .
the barbarian waits for the group to split up and at night sets fire to the playhouse where the bard and the cast of his play are practicing .
the cast runs out and the bard is the last man to leave and runs smack dab into the barbarian the barbarian raises his axe and with a smile says the pen might be mightier than the axe but my axe is mightier than your face '' and one shots the bard .
great laughs were had including the bard 's player who admitted it was a wonderful killing line .
there 's one single plane i want in this game the ho 229 and it 's non-premium .
i frankly do n't like to grind and i was wondering if it 's possible to just buy it outright without having to go through the grind .
played the first two rounds today third is tomorrow .
at the end of round 2 i 'm in first !
i have 77 points to a second place 70 .
i 'm exhausted and need to be in game shape for tomorrow to hopefully clinch a trophy ! but will provide full game recaps once the tournament is over .
not complaining or anything but i logged on to a private pvp server yesterday and my wolf had a bionic rex skin and survivor trophy as far as i know nobody on the server has even unlocked that stuff .
i really want to get an m-play and m-touch for simple gigs but my operators insist that they just ca n't get over not having physical faders .
i 've played with an m-touch and thought it was fine but that it needed more buttons .
i program and design everything but i have two other operators that just reeeeeaaally want physical faders .
any ideas on how to convince them or getting them comfortable with the idea ?
alternatively any suggestions for getting some physical faders for mpc ?
i 'm not a huge fan of the m2pc .
also i 'm already pretty set on an avolites quartz .
the only reason i 'm looking at m-touch play before a quartz is because of price .
m2pc does n't really feel like an outstanding value .
i made a plane track and am wondering where i can see the dimensions of the plane track .
this so i can correctly adjust the image i want to use with the plane track so it shows up without distortion .
i was scrolling through bandai namco us 's facebook page out of boredom when i saw a shitty 10 fps gif of some dark souls 3 boss fights .
and when i commented thank you for the spoiler warning '' it was removed shortly after .
all this time i 've managed to avoid spoilers from everything else only to have bosses spoiled by the publisher of the game .
thank you sincerely bandai namco for not having any spoiler warnings whatsoever .
edit most of you seem to be missing the point that i made this thread so people do n't wander off and see random boss fights out of nowhere .
yes it 's my fault for being on the internet you do n't need to point out the obvious .
if you ca n't handle somebody trying to assist other people then what are you doing on the internet ?
i just wanted what sets i should wear as dps sorcerer ?
like i said i need a big gaming mouse pad about 600mm wide .
i have searched from everywhere and the biggest i can find is 500mm unless you get a desk mouse pad .
edit i am right now using a desk mouse pad but i found it too big and its causing me problems .
it 's also kinda ugly because i am not really using it the correct way keyboard and mouse on the pad .
i am just searching a normal mouse pad that is bigger than the normal big ones .
sorry for bad english and sorry for being sorry .
some people find it annoying when somebody is sorry for little things
i 'm literally the type of person who could kiss their best friend and still not know if we like each or not .
also it 's 6am and i 'm at a gas station .
i managed to grab a pre order for the special edition for fates which comes out next month in eu .
i mostly bought the special edition because i wanted all games on one catridge i 'm not all that interested in the artbook or the poster i get with it .
but i 'm a student with no reliable income and i paid 120usd for it which is alot of money to me and i 'm strongly considering cancelling my pre order before it shipps .
i know that you get some sort of discount on the other game and the dlc game once you own one of the games and i 'm wondering how much it all would cost in total ?
because if the cost of my special edition is a lot higher than what the normal game+the other side from eshop is much lower then i might just end up cancelling .
i 'm online a lot so you can get all 3 of my pokemon !
extreme and super or something and where to find these information ?
i saw it on the daily ssr analyses but i dont know what it is and where to find these stats
make a server for rot for people to play on ?
should i wait to get 3000 jewels so i can get a guaranteed 5 star jewel ?
cameron 's been getting a lot of stick in the press lately and many believe rightly so .
but if we look at the facts i do n't believe he has done anything wrong
david cameron held shares in an offshore investment fund situated in the bahamas and at the time of selling them ireland that his father set up during the 1980s when the thatcher government lifted restrictions on the amount of money residents could move out of the country .
he earned a profit on these shares sold them before he became pm and declared them in full on his tax return but did not pay capital gains tax because the amount was not large enough to trigger it
the investment fund did not pay uk corporation tax but on paper was based in the bahamas indeed most of the board of directors as well as the treasurer and secretary were not based in britain
what cameron has done is like many uk residents invested in an off-shore hedge fund earned a profit on his shares and paid the full rate of income tax on them .
the company did not pay uk corporation tax but then again it was based in another country one with business friendly tax rates .
i think he 's more the victim of bad press than anything else having this information come out at the same time as allegations of blatant tax dodging .
having said that i 'm genuinely curious to hear from some people that think he 's done wrong and why perhaps there 's something i 've missed .
i am a bot designed to create a new post each day so we can all discuss today 's afterbirth daily challenge !
please post all scores discussion and thoughts and today 's daily in the comments below .
if you want to avoid being spoiled about the daily do n't venture below this point .
also feel free to use https greedbutt.com to link to your score so people can compare .
my rig is on the precipice of minimal requirements for bfga .
so i 'd like to know if there is any possibility of potatoazing the graphics through file edits or modding .
amd phenon 9950 3.0 ghz 4gb ram and radeon 5770 .
a week or so back i was running all the games on my pc completely normally .
just cause 3 gta v and such were running just fine .
few days back when i started jc3 my windows threw an error saying that it was running out of memory and asked me to close the programs using it jc3 in that case .
i have 8gb ddr4 ram so i 'm pretty sure this is not supposed to happen .
is it a windows problem or a hardware one ?
hello everyone i am looking for an ak casehardened with the right amount of blue and to the best price .
i wont concider giving you my time if you have your tier 2 csgoexange best 250 key b/o '' ak with you .
h bettying skins and knifes example karambit rust coat and usp-kill confirmed
w ak case hardned any ext stat or non stat
does anyone have a good resource for buying steel online ?
i live on the ca coast and there are not many metal yards near me .
i 've tried som ebay and whatnot i 'm just hoping to find a spot with better prices/selection .
i am planning a 25 day trip to europe this summer for myself and my girlfriend .
i 've put together an itinerary nothing that i think we need to follow rigidly but one that makes sense geographically and also based on my research would not be difficult in terms of between city travel via train .
i 'd say we would put nature good food and beautiful city walks ahead of seeing historical gems and museums .
that said of course these countries are full of unique history and art and we will see those types of things too .
we have some activity ideas for the cities and generally are up for touristy things as well as off-the-beaten path type activities .
we 're going to stay in hostels/backpacking places where possible .
we 've only ever been to italy and only rome and south of it so i will take any and all input i.e .
places we are missing or do n't need to go or adding/removing days etc. .
i think the itinerary may be a bit busy but also this feels like one of our last chances to go on a long trip like this and there 's a ton i want to see .
5 berlin day trip to sachsenhausen holocaust site and memorials
especially considering the jet lag we 'll be experiencing .
or if you had to pick between budapest and vienna what would you pick ?
my goal in switzerland is to see lakes and beautiful mountains and not be in a corporate kind of city center the whole time .
i 've seen cheap flights on condor air but some decently cheap ones on norwegian as well .
condor is as low as around 315 norwegian about 500 .
any advice on which way to go for a flight from nyc to amsterdam ?
i have a lexma optical mouse though i 've tried many differant mouses .
and it just stopped all of a sudden i 've went into the device manager and under mouse it says alps pointing device with no option to disable then re-able it .
when i plug my wired lexma mouse into the usb drive the mouse lights up but it 's still not working i 've dried disabling the mouse pad and trying the mouse and that still did n't work .
i would need to buy something from this drop from a different supplier as palace official webshop does n't ship to my country .
do they all dover street market end clothing drop at the same time 12:01 ?
i did kf hard mode so many times on houbal85 .
hi i just wanted to request the game tower unite that recently came out in early access .
thank you for taking the time to read this request .
tower unite is a community-based virtual world party game with online games entertainment activities and no microtransactions .
tower unite is gmod tower but redesigned and in a new engine .
in the game you play a ton of multiplayer mini-games .
when you win the games you earn units money and use the units to customize your character and your condo .
so basically it 's a game where you play games .
gmod tower was really fun so i imagine this will be even better !
some of the games in tower unite are ball race a game where you roll around in a ball with other people and race to the end through obstacles and traps minigolf which is ... minigolf except you all putt at the same time trying to get the lowest score and virus which is a game similar to infected in halo .
in virus one player starts out as infected and when they touch someone they 're infected .
survivors have many weapons to keep the infected back .
there are also many other games that are going to be added but have not been added yet .
the other part of the game is where you make your own condo .
the whole entire thing is customizable from the ceiling to the floor .
you can watch videos listen to music look at pictures on the internet and more .
another part of the game is the plaza which is somewhat like a mall .
you can go around in stores and spend your money go to the movies a nightclub go to the boardwalk where the games are play around with items in the game drink beer throw up and more .
i 'm currently in college and do n't have much money to spend on video games .
when gmod tower was still around i used to play a ton of it .
the minigames were entertaining i loved customizing myself and the house area and just playing around with friends .
i just built saryn prime and i 'm loving her.. except her weird shoulder things with the tentacles .
they just ... look so tacked onto the frame .
am i missing an option somewhere to turn them off like an armor slot or something or am i just stuck with them ?
where can i find the car meets in the dfw area ?
i 'm into both domestic and imports but i drive a mustang myself .
i miss the racing scene back in my hometown of houston which is really great but i have yet to find the area or place where the racers meet up over here in fort worth .
i do see a lot of nice cars out here in north fort worth which is where i 'm at so i 'm hopeful .
i 'm willing to go out to the mid-cities maybe dallas for a good car meet .
so my buddy and i were chatting on a bank rooftop the other day .
it was daytime day 200-something no heat '' being generated whatsoever .
just us bullshitting on voice comm when suddenly a feral horde came out of nowhere .
not a wandering horde which is usually just normal standard zombies plus bloaters and crawlers not a screamer horde as there was no heat and no screamers were seen or heard but a true feral horde will a full compliment of cops dogs hornets burn victims ferals and a mess of standard zombies that took us all game day to wipe out .
i 've been playing 2000 hours spanning a11-14.. and this is first time i 've ever experienced this happening .
daytime feral hordes ... is this a thing now ?
so in one tab in the b columns i have merged cells to create project 1 in a merged cell from b4 to b14 project 2 from b15 to b23 project 3 from b24 to b32 etc all the way down to project 56 .
i want the names of these projects to equal the names in a different tab called release schedule .
i have tried the formulas 'release schedule ' ! b4 '' in the first merged cell and down to project three and dragged the formula down to equal project 56 but it keeps messing up somewhere .
so instead of the fourth merged cell being 'release schedule ' ! b7 '' it 's actually 'release schedule ' ! b31 '' so the merged cells are messing up the references ?
i randomly came across the new jersey board of elections website http www.state.nj.us/state/elections/voting-information-party-declaration-forms.html .
new jersey is a closed primary and voters who want to change their party affiliation must file a political party affiliation declaration form http www.state.nj.us/state/elections/form_pdf/party-affiliation-form.pdf 55 days before the primary !
as of tomorrow we are 57 days away from the nj primary .
this is getting no media coverage and thousands of people will be precluded from voting in the primary !
new jersey voters can either mail in the form or drop it off at one of their local county election offices .
please note voters who are unaffiliated with any party are not subject to this deadline in new jersey and can declare party affiliation any day leading up to or including primary election day .
shoot this tulpas stuff seems interesting i have trouble forming ideas on my own .
i think i would benefit from having feedback from another sentient entity in my mind .
i feel i have sort of done this for a long time anyways .
it 's just my wife barely agreeable to the notion of 'internet people ' .
could i just never speak of it and i 'd just be me .
seems like a rather large secret ... guess i could just keep trying to coax her into the idea .
we have been discussing the idea of removing user 's local administrative permissions a big cultural shift at our company but i am worried we 'll open ourselves up to not being able to assist remote users with installations and other tasks that require administrative rights .
applocker is also being tossed around i 'm sure this could be administrated remotely ?
maybe we could be using better remote/screen share software ?
we only have it staff in one office out many that are spread out over multiple states .
i need to get away for a few days .
i live in long island and have a ton of marriott rewards points .
i 'm gon na bring my wife and kid so looking for a cool town to check out for two days and get some good training in .
me and my team have been working on a networked fps c project where we 've run into a problem with building our executable .
when we play in editor or copy our project files and right-click launch the build we have no problems and players are able to host and connect without any issues .
however whenever we attempt to build an exe we are unable to host a match as the game hangs and returns to the main menu after attempting to create the session .
i 've been researching the problem on other places on the answerhub and online but i have n't found anything that 's resolved our issue .
from reading over our log files i 've found the following points of interest
we 're able to find the packages on disk however ...
package contains editoronly data which is not supported by the current build .
it appears that we 're unable to load it .
i 've cooked the map which was successful but i 'm not sure what else could be causing that .
lognet warning travel failure clienttravelfailure failed to load package '/game/maps/regal/lvl_regal_persistent ' lognet travelfailure clienttravelfailure reason for failure 'failed to load package '/game/maps/regal/lvl_regal_persistent ''
we 're not using a travel node just a load level one in our blueprint code for changing the server level .
we 've built the game from both the editor 's package function as well as manually creating an executable from visual studio and both suffer from the same issue .
what can we do to resolve this and begin getting our executable working ?
in 3.18 i could hit super key and start typing to find any file in my home directory .
for documents it would show results from documents but it would also show results from nautilus .
the latter would open the file in the default application .
very fast to find and continue working on libreoffice documents for example .
in 3.20 it no longer shows results from nautilus when searching only from documents and others .
i know searching has been improved in nautilus this release but that requires me to hit super find and start nautilus access it 's search search and click on the result .
perhaps something went wrong in my upgrade or perhaps i missed some way to re-enable this ?
edit if you experience the same the solution for me was to hard reset tracker and have it rebuild its entire database .
you can omit the last command if you do n't care to watch the database rebuild progress .
once the status stays on extractor idle '' you can ctrl+c to stop watching .
the map is way too cqc for rockets with 4 shots nonetheless .
i do n't even know who that is but i would n't wan na listen to anyone whine about anything for three hours at a time .
he did so much well and yet the changes leave me not liking the film .
newer electronics have better fault tolerance and as such less prone to damage from static esd but you still should be careful .
keeping one hand on the bare metal of the case while you remove/insert components is enough to prevent any issues .
strawberries are also packed with fiber but i would n't recommend doing what i did when i was 16 y/o and ate 1kg .
or 2.2lbs of them in one sitting had massive diarrhea for the rest of the day but shit smelled delicious and looked like nutella with strawberry chunks ... man i want some strawberries now .
he told me that he has a 'compulsion ' problem and i told him to fix it but it seems that it is not fixable .
the bds campaign called for various forms of boycott against israel until it meets its obligations under international law ''
so it is a antii-isreali group who attracts anti-semites .
however i do know semites including jews who belong to bds .
no problem i thought so but i could n't even find what the reference was towards .
if there is ever a time for a phantom debris caution
it 's an embrace of right-wing voter suppression tactics especially when you learn that 41 of voters are unaffiliated with a party but that every taxpayer pays for the elections .
no representation at all for nearly half the people in a closed primary and they 're helping to shoulder the cost .
i almost sent the offer for 21 because your last comment and then cancelled it because you deleted it p
i almost had a heart attack ... gg thunder .
hm looks like i 'll be spending a bit of money next weekend .
was n't she in the news a while back about some domestic violence incident ?
however i think a drag king could fit some narratives we 've seen in past queens !
there are gay girls out there who 've had to fight for love and respect to get what they want with themselves/their art form .
a thing here though is just how much more popular queens are than kings .
perhaps this show is to blame for that disparity in some ways .
but damn i 'd love for drag kings to be more recognized !
i hope he pays his housekeeper well with some of the money he saved by not paying taxes .
however they are unbound and should n't be counted yet and should especially not be used as a tool to manipulate public perception .
i have absolutely no misgivings about bernie 's chances but it seems pretty fucked to pretend like they are something they 're not .
they 'd probably be making different decisions at this point if they had n't already declared before clinton even declared .
the fact that she had so many of them sewn up by essentially bribing 30 state dnc programs at the same time she was out raising shitloads of personal money from private and corporate interests that would have been illegal if she 'd been declared running all the while still being not yet decided '' on whether or not she would run is something i find pretty disturbing .
i am a bot and this action was performed automagically ◠‿◠ info https www.reddit.com/r/pixiv/wiki/pikushibu
we all ca n't wait to get into her briefs !
i see a giant trex size patriarchy or as a chestburster to represent internalize misogyny .
every time i see the vr sets they have now i just imagine the virtual boy strapped to my face .
she 's 4 months old and it 's amazing how fast they develop .
seems like yesterday i was in labor and now she 's rolling around and already giving her opinions babbling of course .
it 's hard not to cry but it 's so heartwarming at the same time .
bringing the detroit night life back one bloody hangover at a time .
not naming names so i do n't get attacked but there are some na teams that are so much worse when in comes to cockiness
sat down on a public bus seat –my knee pops out .
on an adrenaline high i pop it back in .
tore my acl tore tendons stretched the muscle and chipped my knee cap .
i 've been correcting ground players on this one for like 2 years .
a2g farmers do n't complain about lock ons in fact most run tomcats with the ai nosegun .
the only people who complain about lock ons are pilots who only kill other air including a shitload of those ppa/ah farmers you hate so much .
yet comments like yours always get all the upvotes i wonder whether people do n't know/forget what i just told you or like to pretend the ones complaining about lock ons are a2g farmers so they can pull their own tomcats without feeling bad ...
let this guy tell you why usb mics are trash https youtu.be/_sjzj9i_mh0 ? t=4m .
that being said if you have a budget of 300 euros you can probably get a decent mic with a decent audio interface and stand .
probably go for a at2020 or a rode nt1a or something along those lines .
if you still want a usb mic your ideas are pretty good as well .
it just wo n't compare to a xlr mic .
please post any comments or discussion as a reply to this comment .
if posting a cutout please use the new cut-out format r/cutouts/wiki/index wiki_flair.3a .
helpful links for this image other discussions https www.reddit.com/r/photoshopbattles/related/4e4ox5/psbattle_this_lpga_winner_and_her_trophy karmadecay https karmadecay.com/r/photoshopbattles/comments/4e4ox5/psbattle_this_lpga_winner_and_her_trophy google image search https www.google.com/searchbyimage ? image_url=http i.imgur.com/86gfboo 2ejpg
this is an automated response faq http www.reddit.com/r/apicontraptions/wiki/apicontraption_faq send feedback http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=apicontraption subject=feedback thingid message link to post https www.reddit.com/r/photoshopbattles/comments/4e4ox5/psbattle_this_lpga_winner_and_her_trophy 'i like feedback '
ultimately it comes down with what jagex will do with it .
if it 's more ugly-as-fuck painted on textures even once they get enhanced capabilities then they should drop the style like a rock .
yes the game has many different styles over the years but ultimately i think they were actually doing a good job of keeping a certain feel about the whole thing up until they started using textures .
and yes moving to something to save you work '' at the expense of how it looks '' is an example of lazyness until proven otherwise which will take something posted by jagex themselves showing off the enhanced capabilities of the new client to actually quell anyone 's discontent about the whole matter .
no amount of this is how everyone does it now '' is going to make us believe that jagex will do it well '' because for the most part they 've been failing at it .
the only time i could even see the info that was on the comment field was if i was taking an order on the phone .
once the phone number was punched in the rest of the information auto-populated provided they 'd ordered before .
i really could n't care less if you run pfsense or not i 'm just saying there is little value in it if your looking to gain experience .
in fact i find that beginners running mixed environments tends to end in headache .
or y'know genuinely do n't fucking like makeup at all .
there are a huge number of us and yet not even close as many women who will not wear makeup when specifically asked to as their boyfriend
theghostofantihuman for the second time in a row you are jumping in the middle of a conversation and then when i try to get back to the discussion topic you accuse me of putting words in your mouth .
new eu4 expansion just hit so playing tons of that right now
this made not understanding anything while watching so much more rewarding .
bradley gets tangled on the rope like a kitten playing with yarn .
i like the larger bars of hershey 's actualy prefer them to cadbury to be honest and the c c kisses are pretty good but the normal kisses are the only ones to give me a vomit aftertaste .
if my moisturizer had a clearly labeled spf how is that not offering any protection ?
and its not the only sunscreen i use but my point was how do i reapply as recommended after 2 hours ?
it does n't matter if you 're not in the sun for 2 hours straight you should reapply 15 minutes before you will be in the sun and the protection only lasts for 2 hours ... so in a typical workday a person would need to reapply at some point no ?
i was wondering if there are products that can be sprayed misted so someone with makeup on would n't have to ruin it to reapply sunscreen ...
it was pretty okay i just did n't really understand kenpachi 's bankai .
okay memento was n't praised for its editing it was praised for its non-linear narrative structure .
bvs did not have a non-linear structure it was completely linear .
so i have no clue where you 're pulling this idea of critics being hypocrites '' is coming from .
plus even in earth-2 where memento is being praised for the same things bvs was being criticised for which by the way would required bvs to be a completely different movie it does n't matter .
they 're a collective of people that 's consistently changing .
it 's like saying americans are hypocrites for believing in racial equality when only a few decades ago they were saying the exact opposite .
shinichi and murano ca n't have freaky tentacle sex anymore .
there was nothing illegal about giving or receiving these payments .
in fact such payments are standard in civil settlements .
hastert initially got in trouble not for molesting kids nor for paying hush money to them but for violating banking regulations by not reporting the transactions .
we 're sorry but your post is in violation of our rules http www.reddit.com/r/globaloffensivetrade/wiki/rules .
you may not link to outside sources in order to cash out this is for the safety of you as well as the other members of this subreddit .
we can not guarantee the legitimacy of every site that claims you can instantly cash out as they are top targets for man in the middle attacks such as accounts getting hijacked .
if you intend to contact us about this action or any other ones please ensure that you have read this comment in its entirety making sure to read through any relevant links and make sure you grasp a full understanding of what it means before contacting us .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/globaloffensivetrade if you have any questions or concerns .
i dont know to get a little physical maybe possibly kissing .
the issue then would be would they put the units back in the gates ?
would be pretty poor form to have them out for summoning again in a few months ... but i just ca n't see them not have a rate up promo if there oe comes out anytime after this month .
either way the salt is gon na be bad ... just imagine them power creeping past may jp units ... with no opportunity for people to summon again .
yeah having a ranged weapon then summoning a melee rw will make it count as ranged still and thus will not suffer the penalty .
wow i 'll never wish a bpd apd parent combo plus bpd sibling on anyone .
who was the normal '' person in your life as a kid ?
i agree with your husband that doing the work now to get your mom taken care of and off your hands will be worth it later .
i 'm glad you care about your six nieces and nephews but remember your sanity comes first .
technically he said ya boinky '' so u/mirandabbfan might have still some leeway ...
get out of here and take your facts with you !
a lot of ladies like the salt and pepper look on a man .
pm me if you 're still looking i have one to sell
cotto himself who is only slightly bigger than canelo kept it real close .
i 'm guessing you mean canelo is bigger than cotto and it 's not slightly ''
true except the nightlight is always on and they tend to be brighter than dimmed lights .
that trembling shock that happened when auri 's hand went over hers ?
or did she hear her breath stop for just a brief moment ?
hopefully not that 'd be ... well she was n't sure what it would be .
regardless she 's jolted to attention and she nods quickly far more than is necessary for agreeing with her idea .
it 'll be thursday the mavs have a home game wednesday
this is a good question one i 'm not sure i have an answer for .
the obvious answer of faith is that perhaps most of jesus ' time after the resurrection was spent simply repeating what he had already said assuring the disciples and preparing them to begin his church .
however the scriptures record a little bit of the resurrected jesus especially luke and john .
there are also parts of the beginning of acts which talk about what jesus did after the resurrection .
the wife said i had to watch it and she was right was pleasantly surprised .
damn it i 'm suggestible tonight and now i 'm craving pizza .
definitely something you should disclose to strangers on the internet .
childhood knee injury resulted in arthritis and limited mobility in early 40s ... new knee and active lifestyle again .
recovery to reach a point of better mobility than before surgery was about a month .
good luck my friend i hope you can move past this .
start with fee-only financial planner and/or local estate lawyer .
those questions which are out-of-field for them to answer they will have relevant peers to refer you to .
just a heads up enemy at the gates is grossly wrong on a historical perspective and everything should be taken with a mountain of salt from that movie .
but the eastern front was still a brutal war and is probably the closest to hell on earth .
have 2 mediocre players that 's love to learn how to improve psn mycroft
op is probably shit at dota and needs to vent it 's ok man some people are 3k and some arent
it 's a curve that shows relationship between the tax rate and government revenue pics here https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/laffer_curve .
it shows that as tax rate gets higher so does the tax income but after a certain point varius studies estimate this at around 65-70 the tax income actually starts decreasing because people do n't want to work or invest if overwhelming majority of their fruits will be taxed so economic activity drops .
now what some on the right want to claim is that tax revenue in us would actually go up if the taxes went down because supposedly the taxes are so high now that they 're hurting the economy .
this is complete nonsense as is evidenced by constant drop in revenue with each new tax cut .
but because supply side economics is n't an economics theory as much as it 's a political ideology the facts do n't matter all that matters is that they get to slash taxes and government expenditure unless it 's a subsidy for their business that is .
and now this fella is trying to blame taxes on tax evasion despite the fact tax evasion happens regardless of tax rate because people do n't want to pay taxes and will use any legal in most cases way to avoid them .
precisely because he heals more often than barris and lumi ...
personaly i used all 3 of them with barris lead and i finished it on the 5th attempt ... so it 's not personal experience but others that did it and did n't have all 3 healers always had jc and they all sayd that they could n't have done it without him ... yoda hits so often that you ca n't wait for a 4 turn cooldown from lumi or barris ... even the proffesionals '' who post on different youtube streams say that jc is a must ... maybe i 'm wrong ... perhaps some out there did it without him ...
you guys say that every year and always get stomped .
so you 're saying that items with a price in the market keeps that item stable ?
counting down the minutes until midnight my lunch break so i can eat the jimmy john 's sandwich i brought for my meal .
i can confirm this is the correct link for verizon usa
steel reserve i 'm a pussy so i 'm finishing my night with redd 's apple ale .
who the fuck is felicio and why is he the best center in the league suddenly ?
ok fair enough and if i do n't see anything should i get a bio ball ?
grizz up by 10 so yeah ... refs really blew that lead by having randolph posting up every play down the stretch
they have you over a barrel because most people ca n't just pay cash for a house these days .
u/mewnicorns i just remembered that i have all those mini bottles of random stuff that i found a while ago !
i was here and did n't believe it either .
now though i did n't really move on '' but i do n't get depressed thinking about my ex anymore which is great for me .
i moved on in the sense that i do n't think about her as much now and i can actually see myself dating other women .
as a result i 've become less well liked .
as a result spell effects like rylais do not proc but on-hit effects do .
i 'm not sure if this also applies to this item .
that particular car has had rockers rewelded so do n't trust that it 's rust free .
i 'd honestly avoid because there 's no way of knowing how well that repair was done but 3k with hardtop is reasonable .
my point was just that better deals are out there with even little searching .
if a low mileage na is what you want look for one as far south as you can drive .
if you can drive it back from somewhere it does n't snow you 'll have a much better deeper higher quality miata market .
otherwise check nyc for cars that are rust free and mostly garaged .
with a 4k budget you can do really well on an na .
i got the sense was an attempt a humor there but i never really saw the box .
my problem was that the expansion completely dominated the game .
you had to get the most bones '' or you could n't win .
at least that was the way it seemed to me .
disclaimer stone age is one of the only worker-placement games i can tolerate and i was sad to see it ruined .
not sure how it 's funny but i 'm glad to have given you a laugh .
no that was a common theory before we knew .
to the point where people bringing it up again was annoying .
i made this last night however it was all lentils .
there is now a young red dragon that will obey your every command ! ''
in his defense though he was youngish and just had no consistent playing time .
he had what a handful of reserve games every year .
you clearly missed the primary school that 's like a block off of the beach .
also a burr https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/burr 28cutter 29 is a cutting or filing attachment for a rotary tool .
you need to be active on reddit to request here .
never will so i guess my existence will be wiped out of record books .
r/nba forgetting steph did n't even get this call last year ... .
friedman received criticism from four former chairs of the council of economic advisers under both presidents clinton and obama .
as much as we wish it were so no credible economic research supports economic impacts of these magnitudes .
making such promises runs against our party 's best traditions of evidence-based policy making and undermines our reputation as the party of responsible arithmetic .
these claims undermine the credibility of the progressive economic agenda and make it that much more difficult to challenge the unrealistic claims made by republican candidates . ''
it 's possible he has other undeclared income or tax avoidance schemes for his approx .
£4m in assets but i kind of doubt it .
people in his position know that eventually the press always find out so it 's not worth the risk .
i get compliments from women all the time usually on my cooking or facial hair .
i even had two women ask last night if they could touch my facial hair .
i honestly feel that you reach a point where you are comfortable enough with the fretboard that your picking hand is the one that requires more finesse .
like once muscle memory '' has set in i can clickety-clack on a computer keyboard and not notice which hand is dominant .
but any action that requires a subtle touch is far easier with my dominant hand .
it sounds weird but if i had to pick a hand that i 'm talking '' through when i play i 'd say it 's my picking hand while my dumb '' hand just presses frets .
tsilikethis-r did you want to head to the castle or did you want to go think more ?
i forgot how much better watching cod events is with a crowd
edit posted another one seems like i 'm doing something wrong.. will contact a mod later .
sent a message as all the others say if i do n't get it i appreciate all of the streams to date .
you have been making a chi town boy very happy and much less homesick with your streams
there 's a japanese comic where penises are cute little characters like this http imgur.com/gpe0wbh .
so i like to think of them like little cute big-eyed cartoons sometimes .
luna looks very similar to how my goldendoodle looked when she was a puppy .
this girl has a sister that is slightly whiter and does n't have the orange on the tail .
i got one through wt a few seconds ago if you want
also 6 the pinky hurt one is the only one i get mostly because i use the apple leather case .
holding the phone vertical in one hand you sort of naturally end up supporting it with your pinky around the microphone .
bottom edge of the case puts an indentation into the side of your pinky .
if she chose to live such a horrible life she should not have forced children to live in it too !
i do n't remember wattages though so that can vary cooking times ...
i mention it because i 've fried a few sponges that were n't wet enough .
and microwaving a sponge for 4 minutes is a great way to get fried sponge .
yeah ... the fact the actual railgun is suspended 99 km above the earth make it quite hard to believe .
i really do n't know how they even get to tehran .
its located in the middle of sco territory ... sure they can go to the caspian sea route but ... you have to pass eurasian dolphins ...
at t may not be perfect but at t invests more money in the us than any other company and has done so consistently for 5 years .
did you call your local water company to tell them you were filling a pool ?
they do that so you do n't get charged for sewer but i 'm not sure if they 'll do it for an above ground pool .
i do n't think your idea about it actually being a track for an anime really makes sense .
if that was the case they would n't have put it on the album .
part of these deals is to sell the singles with the anime theme as well which can prove difficult when there already is a full album that has the song .
and the anime studio would n't see anything from the revenue of the album either .
in the end it is up for interpretation of course but i think it simply boils down to thinking which songs fit better for which audience .
another thought would be that many of the japanese fans will buy the international release of the album anyways with the fans in the rest of the world being the ones who would be harder to convince of importing the japanese album and therefore releasing the weaker '' track on the international version and the better '' track on the japanese version .
which track is better speaks to people more is simply opinions of course .
hence the console and console commands that can trigger events on demand ... it 's not like devs or q a have to wait for events they want to test to pop up on their own ... shrug
i mean i 've seen pretty much the same exact thing from every popular streamer .
if i were you i would reconsider who i invest my time in .
the way you just described your girlfriend does n't sound like somebody that you would want to be with long term .
i'ts probably been asked before either here or in r/nrl but did n't we sign 2 or 3 backs last offseason ? ?
plus i 'm sure we 've got one or two in under 20s that could possibly love ok at making the jump ? ?
like he 's proven himself a decent centre but he 's a better 2nd rower and playing him out of position hurts both spots !
i can talk you clod and i would like to say that neurotoxin are being deployed into your house .
you did n't ask for advice but i feel compelled to give you some anyway because i just feel so bad for you and your baby .
you need to get her in to doctor asap so they can get meds in her for reflux if that is what it is .
that kind of uninterrupted screaming at that age for that long is atypical .
let her cry in the waiting room and insist that you be seen right away .
explain to them that she cries this much ... all the time and you are worried she may be in great pain or distress .
for a very colicky baby they often like more extreme settling techniques .
try patting her bottom rather hard and shush into her ear louder than she is crying .
i really think you need to see doctor first thing though .
some reflux meds do n't work right away and really bad reflux can make her not eat enough too .
the sooner you figure out what 's bothering her the sooner life for you and your family can improve .
his approach to taxes would cause trillions of dollars added to the deficit i 'm on mobile so sourcing that is hard but just google it if you do n't believe me .
that 's not fiscally conservative at all imo but it certainly is in line with modern republican fiscal policy .
it 's a waste to pop cooldowns before gl3 only fight were it is worth it is if you 're doing the 3 min dummy otherwise saving them until after the 2nd snap punch if you start with demo or after dragon kick if you demo on the third gcd .
if you do n't form shift you pop ogcds one gcd earlier .
i really do n't get the hatred it receives here .
in a 1v1 situation maybe but in teamfights there are plenty of ways to get rid of him no-problemo .
the same gloria steinem the said that millennial women were supporting sanders because they were just boy crazy ?
i hope you did n't have to endure those vile cunts calling guys rape apologists for wanting to attend a conference about male suicide .
yeah i think it would be interesting for soma to be forced to join central
good men do n't need rules to be good .
today is not the day to find out why i have so many . ''
common app essays are a good place to start .
rankings are fine as long as you filter them on the basis of your major .
now i do n't think rankings can give you a precise idea about a school but surely a school ranked in top 20 is definately better than a school ranked in top 100 .
if you do great in first shot great if you do n't you 'll still have another chance es .
i think it gives you a reality check on your college application progress .
also if you go for ed make sure you know what it really means .
do n't ignore factors like climate setting town or city distance from home and school spirit .
after shortlisting your colleges go to niche.com or startclass.com or the school 's subreddit to see beyond the rankings .
again the 1 college can be a bad choice for you if you do n't like its climate food and school spirit .
this is a new journey does n't hurt to take advise from the seasoned veterans .
not sure why but when i smell cigarettes at the beach being smoked .
not sure why they would only not deliver soup .
that tells you quite a lot about the other side .
i assume it will be two months before the release so may is reasonable .
ever since i started using random starting spot mods and i happen to be dumped in freeside my base 's usually the atomic wrangler once i finish the debt collector quest for some easy caps .
let 's be clear this comment was upvoted because it was funny not because it 's sensible advice .
then you 're not choosing the best are you ?
you 're choosing say the fourth best who is no doubt still good but you 're choosing them over better candidates to fill a diversity quota .
i 'm getting the definite feeling that this will not end well .
starwars battlefront got great reviews when it came out .
no i 'll buy games myself and decide for myself if they 're any good .
there used to be a pretty strategic aspect to handlock that involved the risk vs reward of tapping at different life totals in different matchups .
you can tap a lot more without really having to think with reno .
i feel like it really took away from that deck .
i got my dino egg from a treasure in the ocean during fishing .
it was everton fans taking the piss out of him saying he had a drug problem .
i know why he did it but i do n't know why he did it .
not me but my friend bought whole minecraft set and it looks awesome not lego quality for sure but still awesome .
however your submission tifu by reinstalling windows has been removed because you have violated one of our rules which can be located in the sidebar .
rule 2 all fuck-ups must be unique and your own .
common mundane unoriginal and/or non-noteworthy posts will be removed .
you can see a detailed breakdown of the reasoning behind each rule in our wiki http www.reddit.com/r/tifu/wiki/rules .
be sure to take a look at our list of common fuck ups .
if you have any questions feel free to send us a message https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/tifu subject=my submission was removed message=i have a question regarding the removal of this submission https www.reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/4e5f33/tifu_by_reinstalling_windows .
i 've considered that but even a cod revamp that uses maps from the older cod games but makes them at night and puts some foreign writing in them they still take two years for each studio to do .
no i do n't play cod anymore stopped when i noticed cod uo maps were being used in modern war ... anyway my point is that a second episode wo n't be as much of a resource hog but it wo n't be all hands on deck for the pu .
there will be difficult work and time needed to make it great ... .plus another mo cap shoot unless they shot the whole trilogy at once i doubt it .
i 'm sure they have a better understanding of it but when erin did say that i kind of swallowed hard .
the pu is going to be infinitely more difficult and having f42 guys on it post sq42 would sure build confidence .
it 's like they 'll never be doing just one game but always developing two side by side which can be ...
once i saw someone listing a helmet dune stalker i think for 15k when they were going for 300k .
i assumed the guy/gal forgot a 0 and bought it .
i tried to mail it back to him/her but he/she was rep scum and i was an imperial rocker .
so i sent the stuff to my rep scum char and then i sent it back to the dude/gal with a note saying hey i thought you missplaced a zero and bought it so you can sell it again for real '' .
kepp that stuff pal keep it use it for the achiev and sell it back for 50mils .
i do n't understand why they are so insecure about her .
markiplier has already been accused of rape or sexual harassment or something like that .
what you say in one word having to be the mother of all guys i 'm dealing with and if i 'm not acting acordingly to that i will be a bitch .
quantity and water content of the sauce is an important factor .
if most of your moisture content is fat your lasagna will never cook unless you parboil it .
after all he has done i think we can do him this solid .
wonderful reddit and an expert such as yourself sjsaarinen .
as far as a terrifying band i had a random thought on this with regards to how other bands now feel about bm .
i got the feeling that in the past as performers themselves they definitely appreciated the musical and performance talent more so than the average music fan .
now however i think they are sitting up and saying to themselves ... wait a minute here ... they are getting bigger than us ! ! !
certain musicians are untouchable '' like metallica and judas priest so i think they will be as welcoming as before but the dynamics of those photo-ops will change .
on a related note if you generally have heavy flows your absolute terrified fear it will leak onto your pants .
you end up going to the washroom 10 times a day and it can still happen
if you do n't go around with that thing challenging people to duels you are wasting a fantastic opportunity .
this is really helpful to a noob like me wanting to play mewtwo .
otherwise i 'd use some lemon juice and salt or maybe salt and a touch of lemon pepper .
that 's pretty much captures my feelings on it perfectly .
༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ tl take my energy ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ
you 're getting all hung up hung up on imaginary problems .
you got to focus on what 's real man .
do not listen to someone about ips unless it supports 144hz ... any twitch shooter is best on 144hz assuming you have the computer to push the fps but even if you cant its still a much smoother experience for shooters/games in general .
i have an asus rog swift and let me tell you something it is a dream to play overwatch on especially over my asus pro art ips .
i thought being that butt to nut was illegal in india .
and yes having a manual is essentially a security system on its own .
the fact that you did n't mention ever testing it is what makes this so funny .
this makes me seriously wonder on how good these rookies will be in a years time once they have more experience .
both him and dardoch came in have been seriously showing up .
i always meant to turn it off because i thought i was getting notifications .
i kinda like it now though so i still use it .
i 'm thinking the refs think they 're at the olympic wrestling trials .
the kabum/keyd part is pretty well known the part where other orgs tried to acquire the roster from lg there were some sources that i ca n't remember right now .
also when reynad picked up the games academy team he said that he was trying to get a csgo team for tempostorm for a while and even tried to buy the lg roster but other orgs had better offers that he could n't beat .
that 's not a very good isk corpse ratio unless you mean 500 mil per corpse .
first helping save europe from islamic conquest now an early advocacy of capitalism ?
it still counts if it influences others ' thoughts of the chance of bernie actually making it causing them to vote his way .
i 've made my point maybe you need better reading comprehension ?
i just really loved the story and the characters .
like the first time you met him you knew he was gon na be fucking insane .
have n't played primal so i ca n't say about that .
rd s i do n't think reyson/leanne does but i know naesala/leanne does .
all we got ta do is get together a reddit army to harass their facebook page
their 3rd string halves are better than anything we can produce .
milford hunt morgan and dce would all make the cut for us .
oh my god ... how the does he think he 's going to get smoke in his lungs by pushing air out ?
above someone mentioned men moving away from women who are alone so as to not seem threatening .
erin 's main-character-power was revealed too early and that 's a different complaint i have but mikasa was still stronger smarter and faster than every other student character include erin without his titan form .
comparing her to levi is like comparing pyrrha to ozpin .
people forget that if you have the puck it means your opponent does n't .
stories in r/nosleep must be posted in as few parts as possible https www.reddit.com/r/nosleep/wiki/posting_guidelines wiki_series_posts-stories_must_be_posted_in_as_few_parts_as_possible. .
this update is too short and must be lengthened or edited into your previous submission .
if you feel this removal was performed in error please message the moderators .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nosleep if you have any questions or concerns .
basically your school email will be used to log in and nothing more .
all of your recovery stuff and your actual account email will be tied to the one you update to .
i figured and it would be nice to get both kanna and dwyer paralogues out early since i do n't plan on using either kid and they come with a good chunk of exp between them .
well i have the grey/red maximus but i 'm going to scope out the black and red combo .
you do n't have a dick since you are an awkward overweight girl .
please stop before i pick you up in a van and spank you in public .
i 'm pretty sure im the only one who does for good reason .
he should have the mic taken away from him .
i play with and/or vs 4 man premades every single round and im so tired of it .
oh we killed the entire enemy team lets set up a trap in a random brush while our solo player teammate leashes xerath for the respawning enemys
im mortified and i feel like my skin my melt off any time now
i really hope that somehow the scammer ends up watching this video .
i made it almost 6 months without forgetting it lmao .
inventory is the 21st in my store and i 'm running around like a chicken with its head cut off .
and so can an omnipotent being plus the ones i said before and all the others .
since apparently it was n't clear the first time i said it i 'm not saying i agree with the decision .
what i 'm saying is that it does n't make sense to say they 're shit and cite their lack of lan performance when they have n't had any lan experience
briggs is looking to fight haye i think interrupted a press conference a while back
they got a different result they carved enough material out of the blue car to get into the space .
that is n't changing game mechanics that affect the entire game .
giving everyone a 5 hp increase so all warriors tanks can be just as good as tauren would be further from blizzlike than allowing everyone to start at 60 .
if you like unique story here my personal spring 2016 anime '' recommendation http www.kingrpg.net/2016/04/spring-2016-anime-you-should-watch.html
13,660 in the rest of the us homicide rate of 4.4
compare it with this graph http crimeresearch.org/wp-content/uploads/2014/03/homicide-rates-for-developed-countries-oecd-2011-or-latest-year.png and you 'll see that it is bullshit .
source homicides per city various google searches along the lines of homicides in x 2012 ''
edit changed the percentages but in retrospect it would be easier to leave the unit away completly instead of having 0.0x‰ .
makes the numbers compareable with the graph again too .
i would never get shit for it either but i have a few penpals that would
i have never had a good ecpirence with any of their products .
all the pictures on this sub are so far from crusader kings 2 .
every villain shows a flawed system of ideals and how those ideals pushed wrong could go horribly wrong .
they 're all like the embodiment of that quote from big lebowski you 're not wrong man you 're just an asshole ! ''
i have a question and want a simple yes or no answer .
let 's say bernie wins new york and california in the end .
regardless i do n't think more time would have saved this disaster .
maybe turn it from a wet turd to a polished turd .
it was going the wrong direction from the get go
there will be a lot of people ahead of you waiting for an invite who already live there .
just went 5w 0l with my diamond bot duo with guinsoo 's hurricane trist pretty strong once completed .
plays like a burstier and more mobile kogmaw with less absolute dps .
holds onto the lead pretty well makes up for her original power trough between first and second item .
i 'd say it 's probably a better build than standard crit tristana .
i ca n't bring myself to write take photos or even play videogames a lot of the time .
that fine is effectively a huge blow to somebody who might only be making a few hundred dollars per month .
i would also hold off on prison sentences until the gru comes out with a statement because georgian media and georgian eyewitnesses '' are prone to hyperbole .
there would be much more coverage on the local news if the case were really so drastic .
i watch rustavi2 daily and i still did n't hear about this until it hit reddit .
selected against and severely mentally disordered people simply died one way or another
it is also known things like depression are almost non-existent in people today that still live like hunter-gatherers .
this mental illness thing to me seems like something only temporarily existing like a bump in the road in human evolution/development .
of course for the people going through it myself included it does n't feel like just a bump ...
yeah i was tempted to but i only had 100 to spend on steam games total bought the steam gift card from bjs posted here earlier for 85 and did n't want to spend 10 on a non-game .
better to get 1/3rd of the experience for free than pay for a wholly non-interactive experience in my opinion .
it 's not that i do n't think it 's worth 10 but theblu is more of a showpiece for easing new people into vr than something you 'll be playing repeatedly .
on fbadealz.com because of the freshness of the deals 30 have no fba or mf sellers .
the site is new so we do n't yet have data on how this ratio changes over time .
at first i thought these pictures were taken in 1992 and i was like damn she must be a hot 40 year old lady by now . ''
well that does n't take a genius to work out .
although we always get the shitty console ports so i wo n't hold my breath .
that or do n't stop me now or i want to break free
watched a video of tiger '' my god they comepletely jacked mslayer but made him buffer
thats the one it makes me want to vomit its so bland looking atleast three kingdoms tried to make an original spin off lol
god do i hate californians for the endless bjj opportunities that abound there .
it just forms that way based on the natural motion of the pendulum .
i mean 2,000 is n't a lot of money .
paying it to make some fucking loser animal rights activist feel bad seems more than worth it .
the only reason anyone would even see this post is if they 're subscribed to r/skyrim implying they enjoy the game skyrim .
so why those people are here is beyond me .
i 'd love if you tested me for one final round !
think about all the it people you 've ever met .
the two concepts do n't strike me as relevant ...
with someone this inexperienced absolutely avoid taking anything for granted .
things that may seem obvious to you or implied '' may not even register on her radar so be very explicit in your communication .
verbally express what you enjoy about her what your hopes and your wishes are as well as your boundaries .
also ask her to express her own and let her know that she can ask you any questions or clarifications .
your signals seem to be misfiring so communicate in actual words this time .
that 's not meant to be condescending i just need to emphasize the importance of communication in this situation .
my first sexual relationship was with a man who was very much ahead of me in experience but he was so cool about talking stuff out respecting my boundaries and indulging my curiosity so it became a fun experience for both of us .
i drove the dempster back in 2010 in a chevy sedan called baba ganoush not by bike with two college friends .
we did it in march so the ice roads were in full swing .
we passed one cyclist as we headed north and passed him again on our return leg back to dawson city very wide mountain bike tires but not fat bike wide .
the scenery along the dempster was breathtaking http i.imgur.com/k6mukqg.jpg allow some time just to sit in the most perfect natural silence you 've ever experienced and drink it all in .
not sure what the road from inuvik to tuk will look like .
we stayed at arctic chalets http www.arcticchalet.com/index.php for the 3 nights we were in inuvik .
there is a reindeer herd north of town a ways that when we were there was managed by a sami https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sami_people herdsman .
cars traveling that road in the summer take spare tires because the shale road is notorious for chewing up rubber .
not sure how that would translate into bike tire endurance though .
looks like it would be the most boring game ever
you mentioned the doilies but how could you forget about our graceful wall carpets ?
by the way we have the wall carpets for the case if we get drunk and our vision shifts .
it 's always nice to have a soft carpet when you try to climb the wall .
http www.policyexchange.org.uk/cache/com_zoo/images/guy 20miscampbell 20static 20showcase_b44e8ee1654b24c92f2f8a0d7f26a0b3.jpg this guy kinda seems pretty good .
only because dnkey kong 64 had a game breaking bug that only disappeared if you had the memory pack .
try starting a invite only session then find a new session .
itt people telling op to buy vehicles based on objective stats
i do n't know his heart like you obviously do..
i can only go off the fact that that insults women in a sexist way
gendered and race based insults are n't indicative of actual hatred same as any aesthetic insult .
calling someone fat does n't mean you hate all fat people nor does calling someone a runt mean they 're heightest .
this is again that liberal standard of branding the opponent unclean . ''
it 's why trump has such a following because it simply is n't working anymore due to over use .
seems fine with jailing them for terminating pregnancies at least every second time he is asked
he was asked if abortion were illegal should there be a punishment .
that 's not asking if should abortion be illegal .
this is taking what he said out of context .
your he treats the women in his family nice sort of amusingly defeats itself .
this is claiming a moral high ground that does n't exist .
if he hated women he would have never given his daughter anything .
at best you have to admit he 's selectively misogynist which is an oxymoron because if you 're selectively deciding on a car by case basis it 's not a blanket trend .
when in actuality there are few people in the world as vitriolic and angry as sanders supporters .
here 's a question can you defend bernie writing about women fantasizing about being gang raped ?
do n't know what the first was but it was water based .
thanks for the comment good to hear it may have been too little lube .
we did n't use a lot come to think of it .
not sure why anyone would be surprised at this result .
lebron is only good against the bulls in the playoffs not the regular season .
of course the media giving the bulls bulletin board material helps too
it 's necessary but not sufficient that he keeps winning the popular vote .
after a certain point the clues became personalized each person would get a different one .
so you could n't look up the answers online .
... that is most definitely not the cover on the edition i have .
i will admit i was an embarrassingly amount of pages through the book before i caught on there was no other the princess bride '' book .
the bit with and here 's where he goes on for several pages about the hats lady so-and-so brought with her '' memory quote obviously not actual quote is what finally tipped my bullshit meter .
i had been pretty caught up in the story and so just laughed at a joke well played but yeah not one of my finer intellectual moments .
it automatically sets youtu.be and youtube.com in your external open settings on the first start .
ya there is a different course on the other side of the club house for the par 3 contest .
here 's http www.artistsgolf.com/images/augusta.gif a map of the course .
the on one the right is the 18 hole course you see on tv and the one on the left is the par 3 course .
the only way you can control anybody is to lie to them ''
i used to hate it but ... well nowadays i 'd rather listen to that one .
this looks impressive i just do n't know the basic what '' ...
happiness can be found even in the darkest times if one only remembers to turn on the light .
24 hour ban at least for first offenses generally speaking
i wish i could consider 400 a bunch of games because why would i stop at one cheap .
everybody in the 212 put your hands in the air cause fat joe is through
it not that weird to almost cry when thinking about penguins .
i was looking at a trip to ecuador with a penguin meet and greet excursion .
i was almost in tears telling my dad about how much i wanted to meet the penguins .
basically spending two extra mana now for an insane tempo swing later .
but seriously the game has improved in some aspects has declined in some and in some aspects riot does n't really give a flying fuck and i doubt they will ever will .
idk i just learn about the german confederation do i just put it in .
i do n't have screenshot because i am on phone but my best item is iron ring 1 to maximum energy shield .
even if the tardis were at the bottom of the mariana trench it still would n't drain all the oceans https what-if.xkcd.com/53 .
u cant prove he even did it on purpose tho
no source beyond guessing based off the superiority of reaper forces plus the fact that earth was priority 1 for reapers .
humanity was condensed into cities on earth with barely 1 of human population off planet me1 gives a list of the most populous human colonies and 4 mil was at the top of the list .
the reapers had to have at least 2-3 months on earth all to themselves effectively no military opposition rapidly expanding indoctrinated forces hundreds of thousands of various reaper ground soldiers .
realistically earth should have been completely wiped out by the time shepard got there but we 'll be generous and say a few billion survived .
i hate seeing my lane opponent has an entire page when i dont even have a keystone yet .
i 've been trying to install several linux apps on bash in windows however every time i do i get an error due to open jdk-7
the java command requires a mounted proc fs proc .
no apport report written because the error message indicates its a followup error from a previous failure .
package openjdk-7-jre-headless amd64 which provides java6-runtime-headless is not configured yet .
no apport report written because the error message indicates its a followup error from a previous failure .
we 're planning to sand and paint looks like plenty of info on how to proceed with that .
what i 'm curious about is how to best sand the interior to get that beautiful smell back without causing too much damage to the wood .
one of my relatives mentioned steel wool but that just seems kinda weird ...
so ... my buddy has been telling about uber for a few months now trying to get me to get into it because ... well i need money .
i drive an audi a3 quattro 2015 he said i would qualify for select no problem .
signed up went out for my first night ubering .
well ... few hours into it my 9th client picked her up at some house .
i should of known something was wrong just by the fact that she was super quiet .
moments later i heard what sounded like someone vomiting .
i asked did you throw up in the bucket that 's next to your feet ?
within 5 minutes they let me know they were going to give me 200 bucks .
i would of quit uber if it was n't for that .
took me 2 hours to effectively clean it good .
for you guys thinking of trying this out my buddy has been doing it for a month making good money .
however my first day was the worse day thus far .
moral of the story try and be prepared for anything .
i 've been on the lookout for a new medium coverage foundation that would be suitable for the summer months and have narrowed it down to tarte 's rainforest of the sea foundation this one seems especially hyped up right now and nars ' velvet matte skin tint .
my skin tends to lean normal to dry so i 'm really looking for something that 'll give me coverage but not cakey .
any input on these two foundations would be greatly appreciated !
you ahd tiny troops you needed to get from tower to tower and the enemy ai would try to fill up every twoer with their own before you could and you basically sent the troops out to attack and take over each others bases until you or the ai won .
i 've went over the depreciation methods but am having trouble with amortization-based problems .
hey everyone made the following updates to the wiki this weekend
changed max level for http runeblade.wikia.com/wiki/loan_agreement to 100 and added loan agreement of power '' info .
added focus of elevation and warrior 's periapt to http runeblade.wikia.com/wiki/artefacts .
updated wiki navigation gameplay artefacts to include focus of elevation and warrior 's periapt .
things are getting a bit hectic for me in real life right now so not sure when i 'll have time to make any more updates .
it would be cool if others could start contributing to the wiki to keep it alive and up to date to help out new players .
i know there is a big gap on the dps and tap pages right now explaining what each of these play styles is and how they work with the current game meta .
there is also no mention of what a hybrid build is so a new page explaining that might be helpful .
if you do update these pages please try to keep in mind that the wiki is most helpful to new players so try to keep the wiki in perspective to someone who is new to the game and is n't getting thousands of crystals each generation .
there are probably a lot of other gaps too that i 've just missed but it 's hard for one person to maintain such a large amount of information .
got 5000 btc and i 'm looking for long term partnership .
in our h2h points league there is a weekly 12 start limit .
if i have 11 starts until last day and start 5 guys on the last day do they all count ?
i know it worked in nba fantasy but wonder if it works in baseball also .
hi this is a subreddit i do n't go to but my dad is looking for a gyro meat spinner .
i do n't know if this is the place to ask but he told me it was outdoor cooking/grilling .
i need helping looking for a place that sells them for an affordable price .
even if you can only tell me what they 're named for real or which subreddit would know more about it it would help me .
i know the original ones were slow but how are these compared to the regular fast charger plugged in ?
i need to withdraw my rrsp money that i will be using for my hbp in order to submit a cheque to a builder as my deposit on an apartment i 'm interested in .
i understand there 's a 10 day cooling period and if something changes and i decide i do n't want the unit can i return this money back into my rrsp and be able to withdraw it in the future for the hbp ?
i 'm not going to give a full backgroud ... .just that i have tried everything to improve our sex life .
my wife has point blank said she hates sex with a passion wo n't get help and only wants to do it when we are trying for a baby we have one .
in any event ons 's or a couple nights have typically what i have done to try to salvage some sort of sex life that i have .
i 'm looking for an ap that is somewhat short/long term that does n't involve hit it and quit it .
my biggest problem is i do n't want to approach the wrong woman and then it get out .
what are some not-obvious-at-first signs i should look for ?
i was thinking about some sort of debate tournament between nerdfighters .
perhaps over skype one night we pick a format i 'm partial to parliamentary and go at it .
everyone records it and we make a compilation of good points .
★ falchion knife night mw b/o 34 keys sa price is 40 keys trade offer https steamcommunity.com/tradeoffer/new ? partner=101948373 token=jide1evq
title here 's some pictures if it helps http imgur.com/a/odqxg
i 'm willing to pay for servicing and i have a place i can go for reliable servicing but my main concern is being without my sewing machine for as long as it takes so i was wondering if anyone could spot anything that 's clearly wrong .
does the dlc make it any better or should i get the normal version ?
you get on here get a bunch of adds and do n't even seen interested in trying to have a conversation .
i guess guys feel if you 're going you ignore them anyway you 're at least going to look first .
anyway no dick pics here if anyone actually wants a conversation once in a while message me..
my belief is homosexuality originates from a primal childhood experience possibly devastating which is further influenced by related events as one matures .
i do n't believe that one is just born homosexual .
nelson de rosa chief of security for the canonn interstellar research group has released a statement to the media
dr arcanonn has been receiving threats from crackpots for months but this time the threat was more credible that if he visited professor palin in maia he would be 'terminated ' .
a meeting between the two scientists had indeed been planned but was not common knowledge . ''
we 've now determined that socha korbemile the doctor 's research assistant had been leaking sensitive information to an unknown source for some time .
we are now probing possible links to varati-based groups that have previously obstructed our research and to the intruders who infiltrated christian dock in november last year . ''
we are also looking for dr huros whose militant views on alien life have previously brought him into conflict with dr arcanonn .
i want to eliminate him from our investigation as soon as possible so i would appreciate any information on his whereabouts . ''
sorry if this is n't allowed but can anyone point me to a reputable bookseller that deals in signed books ?
looking for a ft/mw or factory new souvenir p250 gunsmoke if this specific one exists .
if anyone can help find one of these on exchange i thank you .
an edited version of what it may look like https i.gyazo.com/f2a617e4287f32292ae6a5ab5fc7ef8c.png
placement does n't have to be exact but i 'm looking for the mlg sticker to be on the handle .
liquid or splyce stickers are prefered along with faze .
willing to pay up to 300 of the average pricing so around 2 keys for ft and 5 keys for mw .
also able to swap a .0005 float p250 mehndi !
send me an offer by clicking here https steamcommunity.com/tradeoffer/new ? partner=182392997 token=4emxikbf or add me here http steamcommunity.com/id/aflyingcat to discuss .
training my lumi and want to find a lvl 70 weapon to transfer a potential but with the drops being messed up i do n't know what to fight to find them any help ?
here 's the thing in lichess i 'm rated 1750 .
in the chess by post app my peak rating was 2000 .
i 'm not telling you all of these to brag but to compare my measly 1200 rating in chess.com 10 minute blitz .
last night i was playing and was struggling against players rated 1200-1300 really .
their really good compared to chess players of other sites .
my theory only a theory i say is that there are too many players in chess.com that even good players are having a difficult time climbing up the rating ladder .
as they say elo is not absolute but a measure on how someone compares to players of the same site/app/federation .
what it means to me then is there seems to be no objective way to measure chess skill outside the elo that you can attain in a closed group website/app/federation etc .
i finally got it to idle and now it can move but when i get moving after a minute or two it overheats .
when i feel the hoses the top is hot and the bottom is cold .
i am using a duralast thermostat which i know is n't the best '' but i 'm ordering a real bmw stat tonight !
i will go test the old one to see if it will open up but that may not be the issue still .
oh no i have a cfc morale post too i just need to finish it .
i 'm way too sober for the amount of shitposting i 'm about to have to conduct .
unfortunately i can not go anymore i will change the address to have tickets mailed directly to you .
i 'll be upfront i have no designs on your person other than shallowly hitting on you on the basis of well what girl does n't like a man in uniform ?
but more seriously i 'm not looking for a soulmate or sexual playmate just seeing if there 's someone out there who will reply to my silly prompt .
i can maybe admire you in uniform and then i want to get to know you .
later on you 'll be so pleased with yourself for pming me in the first place with the incredibly high quality snapchats i send you on the reg r/prettygirlsuglyfaces is where my true calling lies fyi .
sound like something you 'd like a taste of ?
sparked by my conversation with a fellow redditor u/minion_of_cthulhu if you wish to read https www.reddit.com/r/writing/comments/4e5f37/what_makes_a_piece_of_horror_scarygood/d1xud7v ? context=3 and a topic of this genre i would like to ask the fans of splatterpunk why are you drawn to this sub genre ?
looking for a good hack and slash with an rpg feel .
as in skill trees to upgrade armor and weapons to collect i really enjoy the hack and slash with customization options .
i really enjoyed darksiders 1 and 2 ninja gaiden and games like infamous .
edit thanks for all the suggestions everyone opened my eyes to all the awesome out there !
i 'm fairly new at investing so i have a few questions .
i put in a little amount of money into a brokerage account and bought a few shares .
now my problem is that the stocks i bought need to increase in price a lot for me to make back the amount i spent on the commission fee .
i bought 1 single vanguard etf and that alone had a commission fee of 13 usd .
now my newbie question is i hear about people investing 150 usd each month but is n't the commission fees killing their portfolio ?
should i save more and buy 10 shares instead of 1 at a time in the future ?
edit i should probably note i am not from the usa .
and they say his career is over ... ... ...
i was just pointing out that the announcements of the captain 's demise were premature .
recently i 've felt like there is a ridiculous amount of aim bots in this game but did n't want to be that guy who calls hacker all the time unless it 's blatantly obvious .
i noticed a guy on my team kept getting kills through smoke in a game today and he admitted he was hacking .
everyone reported him but i took the opportunity to ask him how it worked and to spectate him .
it did n't even look that suspicious but you can spot the inconsistency .
this hacker said all his friends just use walls and minimal assist and none of them have ever been caught .
i would say in at least 60 of my games someone either has unnatural reactions or luck .
i 'm starting to think that most people are using some sort of hacks .
i do n't really understand the point of playing with hacks but i guess some people just like winning i guess .
now i 've seen what it looks like properly confirmed i 'm sure a high percentage of people are using hacks but just turning down the settings so it 's not too obvious .
what do you think the percentage of players that hack is ?
so i just started a little over a month ago .
i started of with a slice with my driver and since i have adjusted it to where i can hit it straight start it left and have a slight slice to center it back up or hit it straight and to the left .
with my irons i ca n't seem to get it down .
i know you are n't suppose to scoop the ball but i ca n't get a good hit as often as i can with my driver .
applying lotus orb to an ally grants them the kill credit if the reflected spell does fatal damage .
because if i buy the damn thing and apply it on an ally i feel like the kill credit should not go to the one too busy taking blasts to the face but rather to the one who had the foresight to apply it to the ally in question .
would like to be competitive but no huge pressure going to run a couple cards for fun
seriously i do n't know why being a jedi prevents me from going on a spice run for someone ...
everyone and their mother that i 've spoken to says that exalted is just plain bad .
i 've done a little reading and i can see how it does n't fit into the world of darkness very well but i 'd like to see if you 'd have any reasons for me to continue looking into it or giving it a try .
slow fire rate with a lingering aoe all elemental damage visual effect changes based off the damage types on the weapon .
sorry i missed last week had a brutal headache .
feeling okay for now so i 'm going to stream time and again at 8:45 pm est .
i was cruising around the cg system earlier today and a thought occurred to me about the nature of frame shift drive .
the fsd intrigues me because it is a mode of transportation that seamlessly transitions between sub-luminal and super-luminal travel speeds .
this interested me a bit as some of know might know there are interested effects that come into play traveling close to but under the speed of light .
i 'll detail a few of them here and talk about how they might be implemented into the game .
first though a quick recap of how the fsd works .
according to the e d wiki the fsd compresses space in front of a craft and presumably expands space behind it too that 's how concepts for that sort of thing work in real life .
this effect is within the realms of possibility and preclude needing truly ludicrous amounts of energy to get speeds close to the speed of light which is one foot per nanosecond or in terms that are more applicable to anyone who is not a particle physicist one light-second per second in-game 1c .
however because the fsd does not explicitly state that it would clip the bubble of space off from the outside universe that would make communication with the outside impossible relativistic effects occur .
the three big effects yeah there are actually a lot of things we would need to worry about as we drive our keelback through fsd are time dilation redshift and fitzgerald contraction .
to illustrate what each one implies i 'll go through each in turn and describe what would happen if you were on board a ship travelling at 0.5c accelerating with your fsd to 1c .
what would happen above it involves imaginary amounts of time energy and length so who knows .
time dilation it is well known among space-y sort of people that as you approach the speed of light relativity dictates that you experience less time than a stationary observer .
if we were flying our keelback at 0.5c we would experience about 0.75 the amount of time that a stationary observer would .
as we get closer and closer to the speed of light the ratio of our time to their time gets increasingly smaller and smaller .
at the speed of light time ceases to have meaning in our sense and ... something happens .
the problem with implementing this is that instancing would become extremely difficult .
we all experience time at the same rate in the real world so how to implement it in the fake world ?
also how would changing rates of passage of time affect the world ?
could a criminal cruise around at 0.99c until their bounty expires but to them it 's only a few minutes ?
regardless i do n't see how this could be implemented well into e d .
redshift just like a choo-choo train whistle gets higher pitch as the train zooms past our station so too do photons become bluer the equivalent of higher pitch as we zoom towards them .
in-game this would look like anything in front of us getting tinted bluish and as we approach the speed of light visible portions of light would be shifted into the uv and xray bands frying our eyeballs and killing us instantly .
but it would be fun to have a small effect of that sort as we approach the speed of light everything gets bluer and quickly blinks out of view as we zoom past lightspeed .
contraction another consequence of relativity is that lengths get squashed a bit a high speeds .
this manifests most obviously as the angles that light travels much shift around such that objects that previously appeared directly at your right and left now appear to your front .
eventually very close to the speed of light even objects that were behind you are visible albeit squashed right in front of you albeit in the xray band of the spectrum .
if we really were strict about applying relativity to fsd then there would be some serious gameplay consequences but instead if we just put in a few graphical effects sudden blueshift angle distortion time dilation as ships pass 1c it would be a really cool effect and highlight just how significant that step is you are going faster than the normal laws of reality allow is n't that cool ?
obviously this idea is quite hardcore but then again it 's only the hardcore '' gamers that will have these vr headsets .
so i just started my first job today and i talked to this girl .
she gave me several smiles throughout the whole day not really sure what they meant but they were n't little grins they would have taken effort to make .
i talked to her for a bit just after my shift ended and she was on her break .
though i could n't get her to talk about herself and she never started a topic .
i should have directly asked her questions about herself but i failed to do so .
how soon do you think i should wait before asking her to do something outside of work .
she the next day we have work on the sake day is n't until saturday which kind of sucks .
i plan to get into real estate investment and development .
i was planning to get into electrical engineering and use it to bank as much money as possible to begin my investing .
however i wonder if i might be better off in civil or mechanical .
in either of those specialties i could work for a construction company and learn the ins and outs of the business .
would civil or mechanical be better for the construction industry ?
2.x i got a notification that i needed to restart to apply updates so i accepted .
system said it needed to update and not interupt or words to that effect .
screen went black for a long time disk activity had stopped .
eventually i assumed it must be done and it just did n't power off .
pet peeve of mine if you are updating please give frequent feedback of your status .
the user should never suspect the system is hung unless it actually is hung.
anyway i restarted and tried to boot into steamos .
i see a triangle/arror logo i 've never seen before and then a flash of some vertical bars and then it keeps repeating that sequence between the arrows and the bars as if it is n't able to complete the boot .
i 'm well-versed in linux but i rarely need to recover linux installations so i do n't know if i need to restore an old kernel roll-back some rpms or what should be done from that point .
any pointers on how i should try to recover it ?
wondering if anyone has spent time rowing in sevilla and can recommend the best club to join for the summer .
as an avid user of youtube i am curious to know what the community has to say about it and if it 's really worth the seemingly high price .
now i am not bp or rp but something i have noticed tbp do is use extremely rare circumstances to represent the majority .
they do this specifically with men where if someone man is x and get 's y then any men who is x can just as easily attain y .
for example if a trper says women on average like dominant men better than submissive men a tbper will say something along the lines of lol serious ?
i know a guy who loves getting whipped by his 6'2 '' wife . ''
another common one is if someone says women do n't find nerds sexy '' a bper will say bullshit i knew this chubby nerd in college who had girls going down on him while he played league of legends . ''
overall my view is despite their stances against awalt and such tbp uses fringe and rare events to represent the majority of all people .
note i also think trp over generalizes women but this is off topic .
so i 'm level 32 and just got my first perkaholic .
my friend i play with got his at level 7 .
does anyone remember what level they were when they got their first perkaholic ?
i have a message for everyone loyal to the council .
i may be stretching my constitutional authority here but i am doing what is necessary to keep us safe .
i am ordering all citizens civillian and military alike to hunt down and kill jamtein ohvikj as he poses an imminent threat to the safety of our district .
he is armed and dangerous and must be killed quickly .
their is a 2 diamond bounty on his head .
please do your district a favor and execute this justice .
as far as actually playing on the server i made some minor progress on my base .
as far as videos go i was on a roll this week .
i uploaded 3 this week which is probably a record .
first and foremost i uploaded the dragon fight https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=yrck5fvjhs8 then i tried to fly https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=htletomhjuq and failed and lastly i opened up the arena https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=kqewf5d_ev0 but more on that later .
in case you forgot dark i out-rank you and could remove you if i wished keep that in mind p
he was actually on yesterday and for him that 's something but just barely .
made a giant ladder at spawn for flying long distances .
you can get about 1000 blocks away using it .
started working on a cathedral just outside of spawn .
if i missed anything significant let me know and i 'll add it .
2nd saffayy fighter score .66 not tied for 1st due to dying while winning in a team match
i can save for two months and get a 980 ti or buy a 970 next month
my game has been working fine but earlier today the music just stopped playing .
i still have every other sound music just does n't work .
i 'm having trouble grasping the the link that aristotle develops between happiness and virtue .
i 've read the relevant book and chapter countless times at this point and nothing online seems to do a good job of explaining it they only repeat what 's said in the text with expanding on it .
here 's what i understand all actions are done with the aim of some good there are varying levels of goods with the ultimate good being one that is good in and of itself .
this good end is universally recognized to be happiness but the definition of what constitutes happiness is contested .
some argue that happiness constitutes being wealth but that again is not a final end but rather a means to happiness .
he also points out that common men cite happiness as pleasure others define it as honour which is somehow associated with politics in the text ?
first i do n't understand his arguments against these three .
honour makes a bit of sense because it has more to do with others and how they perceive you than yourself and its seen as a means to happiness .
he mentions that pleasure is to animalistic but that does n't discount it .
he mentions that he supports the contemplative life but does n't really expand .
i know that virtue has to be cultivated and that ultimately he defines happiness as activities of souls in accordance with virtue '' that this virtue has to be complete etc .
but these are just talking points i dont understand the causal logical link between them .
can anyone please expand on the logic behind his arguments first against honour and pleasure and then his link between virtue and happiness ?
i want to develop a deeper understanding of the text i ca n't stand just memorizing the argument without understanding it .
does he not link the three common beliefs to virtue ?
is he just saying these are popular conceptions of what constitutes happiness they 're wrong here 's the real reason happiness is defined by someone doing their function well .
since the function of man is reason happiness is man acting in accordance with reason .
since acting in accordance with reason constitutes acting virtuously happiness the happy life is one almost coincidentally lived in accordance with virtue ?
right now i 'm sitting at 62sr/67zd with my starting lineup .
i ask this because haloti ngata who gives me 8 zd is my dt2 but since i run a 3-4 he 's not going to be on the field much .
does he need to be on the field for the zd boost to take effect or am i good since he 's technically in my starting lineup ?
side note it was confusing to see my buddy down '' but still standing glitch
i would like to see if anyone has a good lead on where i might be able to acquire this watch .
does any one know why google has no solution for down loading movies ?
you ca n't download on windows as far as i know .
i have n't found anything bigger than 64 gb .
i hope i 'm wrong and someone serves me .
i 'm open to manually switching out the ssd .
i 'm looking for a nice chromebook with an upgradable ssd .
i 'm planning to get a replacement for my iphone 6 plus .
the phone has to be the international variant and be carrier unlocked .
out of the three which one would be the best option for me ?
the only criterias would be that the device is fairly easy to use with one hand and has a long software support cycle similar to apple with its iphones .
i have fairly large hands as i 'm able to use the 6 plus one handed quite easily most of the time .
an alternative to this could be flashing cyanogenmod on the device .
according to xda developers there is a model of the g4 which should be avoided if the user wants to flash custom roms .
a magical being that goes around dropping the feel goods on every single person who does the right thing in the eyes of another magical being that came from somewhere to create the universe ?
or that your brain releases endorphins all on its own ?
throwaway because my friend frequents reddit and i would n't be surprised to find out that he checks my main account 's post history here 's the story .
my friend had basically started watching meet the mormons because he was bored one day and was becoming tired with catholicism something that i adhere to and he and i have always had a strong connection with .
after watching meet the mormons and learning more about mormon culture and history he became more interested in mormon belief to the point where if i pointed out the historical inaccuracies or ineptitude of any solid account he would suggest that i was being intolerant of other religions on the basis of my catholicism and inability to totally accept mormon theology from a first-glance .
because of this first verbal fight we had we did n't hang out for days and in the meantime i looked at different mormon sources to try to give them the benefit of the doubt i then balanced this out with watching brother jake videos and eventually reading a letter to a ces director which had me convinced ultimately that the church of mormon is absolutely bullshit concocted by joseph smith because he lived in the great awakening a time period where it was popular to have religious visions and created a religion that fed onto peoples desires of a temperate society with the arrival of the temperance movement .
of course whenever i hung out with my friend from that point onward i never mentioned any of that for fear that i would be labeled anti-mormon or religiously intolerant despite telling him that i respected mormons as people but simply could not respect their religious history or theology which i thought and continue to think is essentially a rip-off of the old testament and the new testament with an american spin added in .
while i bit the bullet i had soon found out that he had invited the mormons over for a chat and had been reading the book of mormon but was keeping it secret from me for whatever reason and when i inevitably found out and poked him on it he simply said he was just conducting research .
they inevitably convinced him to go to church with them for three hours and then afterwards a 'stake ' or whatever the hell that is and he also mentioned that from their first meeting they had asked him if he wanted to be baptized which i was awestruck pointing out that should raise a red flag about their intentions if they 're already looking into getting him baptized .
he saw nothing wrong about them and told them he 's considering it .
another detail to add is that my friend had also been trying to enter catholicism at the same time to be finally confirmed out of his own studying on the faith for a year whereas he had even a sponsor picked out for him some poor old man who had helped him through all this time to get confirmed and be his spiritual guide only for my friend to then ditch it all and essentially divert his time into becoming a mormon despite my attempts at telling him the facts about egyptologists disagreeing with any of the books making sense or any of the other typical anachronistic things that appear within the book of mormon .
but none of this appeals to him i had even calmly suggested a letter to a ces director vowing that i would read the book of mormon if he read it the letter and to my dismay he threw it off as if i had offered him the god delusion .
his points shrug everything off i mention away stating that there were 12 witnesses who saw joseph smith and that joseph smith had been martyred .
also on top of this he mentions that there are historians who doubt the historicity of jesus why should their opinion of the nephites matter as well ?
despite stating that no historian outside of mormonism believes in nephites while there are historians outside of christianity that believe in the historicity of jesus does n't ring true to him .
to wrap this long post all together i care deeply about my best friend and have known him for the better part of six years i wish i could say this were the first time this had happened he had converted to islam once but had never visited an imam as he had intended to but this seems like something he is willing to hold onto for the longterm and once he 's stuck in he will have no alternative but to remain .
i absolutely do n't want to lose my friend but the more i pester him about the don'ts of mormonism the more involved he becomes and i know deep down that one day he will thank me for trying to pull him out but i fear if he does n't start questioning now it will be too late .
what do you guys think i should do not exactly looking for criticism here i have my own faults in this situation but i desperately want to help him .
tl dr best friend introduced to mormonism friendship falling apart from his beliefs his time is becoming more involved with them and he is n't open to challenging mormonism sees me as ignorant of other religions anti-mormon for doing so .
i just watch the last '' episode so i want to continue reading the manga so do anyone know the chapter they leave off at ?
i 'm looking for two decent players to run trials .
so trading and the teams seem to be two of the most important features of the game right now but i 'm wondering how trading will work in the presence of teams in-game .
because from what i have come to understand in game actions like trading are going to help you level up and you do n't want your rival team members gaining an edge on you .
moreover trading for a rare pokémon in an area say a water type in an area populated mostly by ground types with your rival team will put your own team at a disadvantage in terms of battling .
so how will trading work out in the game ?
will there be inter-team trading or will it be limited to trading within your own teams ?
unfortunately i missed spring insight yesterday as i was at ucsd 's triton day no idea why that overlap would happen .
anyway any tips on how to go about visiting the campus ?
i did the general tour back in july and all of those are completely booked anyway .
is there anyway i can visit any residence halls ?
if so which should i try to take a look at .
i want to get a vibe of what the campus is like normally .
just wanted to say i had no clue this augment was so damn strong .
i 've been using it on my skyshard battlemage and its super strong .
im about 23 and still cant find a better filler .
the other lightning nova costs way too much energy to be casting as often as do .
i 've been playing since release trudging my way through content just like everyone else .
however the blatant problems with the game are really growing as a issue in my mind affecting my overall enjoyment of the game .
because of that i find myself playing less and less and now i think i 'm done .
even though i 'm not a token user initially these did n't really bother me and the main '' restrictions still do n't .
i would like to trade itens with my friends but that is n't going to stop me from playing .
however i am really bothered by how limited is the auction house and how the restrictions really inflate the prices and destroy the game 's economy actually encouraging people to buy silver as a way to afford these ridiculous prices .
i fear that if this issue is n't tackled in a very agressive manner that deviates from the entire philosophy imc 's using the game is going to bomb hard .
and it gets me really annoyed that this game i 'm playing probably wo n't exist long term if they keep going down this road .
also not being able to transfer your own account silver really does n't excite me about creating alts something that i love .
i 'm currently at 12x doing the mage tower and even though i 'm a barbarian i get at least 30-40 of my kills stolen by random archers and passerbys .
the lack of first-hit mob tagging and the low spawn rates make questing a really annoying chore and i get less excited about clearing areas as they go .
the bots do n't help too but they 're not so prevalent in the area i 'm in .
complete lack of the social aspect of the game .
this is one of the most anti-social mmos i 've ever played .
instanced content has better rewards if you play with a mismatched group of strangers you ca n't trade drops between your party you ca n't kill the same mob and get halved exp if you 're not in a party .
almost every design decision imc took with the social aspect to the game leads to a very toxic and anti-social mmo .
these two problems also tie in directly with the other problems that are turning me off the game and that just makes me sad .
i was really anticipating this game and i really had fun when things were going right .
i love the visuals i enjoyed the combat i adore the class system and how many options you have for theory-crafting and etc love it as a pokémon player .
i really want the game to do well and i really want to be able to come back to a better game in a couple months but i do n't think i can play it and have fun at the state it 's in right now .
hello i do not update bethesda games alot for this very reason but i really wanted to try out the new beta .
i have played the first version of fo4 with little to no crashes but after the update my game keeps crashing every 20 minutes .
i have checked my mods in fo4edit and made sure nothing is messing with cells or nav meshes and if it was i fixed it asap .
i need help guys i do n't want to lose my level 70 vault dweller
hello i 'm just wondering before i buy this laptop can you charge it through the thunderbolt 3 port via razer core or do you need to have the actual charger plugged in while using the razer core to charge it .
i keep re-running quest 59 to complete all three objectives yet even though i finish them all it does n't say i 've done it at the quest completion screen .
i 've cleared all the heartless including the wizard yet it does n't recognize anything has been done .
i was told by someone that if i were to buy a game without a case that if i ever found the case at another store i could show them the receipt and they would give me the case .
i levelled my agility skill i am now level 88 .
while battling the queen black dragon i looted a dragonbone upgrade kit .
i 'm looking for some info on this clip such as actual title when it was made things of that nature .
need to know if i know someone in it ...
i defeated the queen black dragon 8 times returning her to a temporary slumber .
however i have always been playing soccer and am therefore quite good at running .
i ran a 15k my first race ever in less than 62 minutes recently .
that is the longest run i have ever done .
i am going for a half marathon this weekend .
my goal is to finish in around 90 minutes .
if i succeed do you think i can be able to run a full marathon six weeks after .
i know there is a long way from my current 15k to a full marathon .
however i think i run quite fast and that i may be able to race way longer than 15k provided i down my pace accordingly of course .
can i go from a 90 minutes half marathon on sunday to a full marathon 6 weeks later ?
ps apparently this whole uncut thing is a thing and i am that way ...
i was just thinking why does n't moat cailin have a defensive bonus ?
it 's said that two hundred archers could hold of an army i moat cailin so why cant an army of 15k stop an army of 20k there ?
is there any submod that fixes this or can it be fixed in the next update ?
i 've been watching a bunch of streams and some people just keep clinging on to same champion when losing .
i mean you 're getting rolled with your current comp so obviously you got ta switch it up but what if people wo n't ?
is there like a non-toxic way to suggest a change or anything ?
i main thresh support since he came out and im looking for some people to rank up with ... add me on league 2 girls 1 lane ''
i 'm not sure if that possible but i really want to know what i can do if i got 10000 doge per day ?
i try to make the exercises of learn_ruby https github.com/alexch/learn_ruby with rubymine .
but if i do tools run rake task i do not see any output .
if i choose run run spec i always see a error that a file can not be found even if the file is there .
like the title says my wife and i are moving to springfield here soon™ .
i was wondering if there are any landlords/rental agencies i should definitely try to avoid .
any other information about moving into town would be awesome .
i 've had the first three deponia titles for well over a steam winter sale and yes they recently released a fourth title much to my surprise .
i 've only played one daedalic title which was randal 's monday so i pretty much knew what to expect a 2d point and click .
what i did n't expect was how much i 'm enjoying the characters .
i was expecting the usual deadpan i do n't want to do that '' or i ca n't set fire to that . ''
to my surprise rufus chuckles and admits that 's a great idea .
yes it 's one of the puzzles but i 'm used to guybrush threepwood just doing things occasionally with a eh why not ?
i 'm enjoying all of the characters thus far but rufus has quickly become one of my favourites .
looking forward to playing all three though i 'm not looking forward to waiting to play the fourth ...
clinical signs very reflective eyes seems to have an issue seeing well when woken up at night .
ca n't see how to get out of crate after i turn the light on in a dark room .
i have tried to see if she can see my hand movements from across the room and it seems like she can .
duration i noticed the issue with not seeing well when i turn the light on last night but it may have been going on longer .
i did n't realize it was a sight thing until tonight .
i thought she just did n't want to go outside a couple nights .
she never has had an accident in her crate .
i have a vet appointment next week for more shots .
i can request an exam at that time and talk to the vet .
they usually come in and do a short check even for a vaccine only appointment .
i am just wondering if i am seeing something that is n't there .
she has seen three vets since i got her and had a general wellness check with the breeder .
she has n't gotten into anything that might cause blindness as far as we know .
do i need to get her to the vet sooner ?
she can definitely see overall and she is very curious .
as far as the reflective eyes i do n't know how else to explain it .
the black part of her eye has a blue tinge to it and looks a little foggy to me .
i do n't remember what normal dog eyes look like though as our last dog also a keeshond but a rescue went blind at the end of her life .
the hungarian plain is swarmed with newly recruited yugoslav forces near 600,000 .
somogy baranya and all of romania until the carpathians is the target while messages are being sent to czech forces to invade hungary from the north and for any ussr force to crush romania .
meanwhile the new yugoslav army sends 200,000 soldiers to hungary and 400,000 to romania while in east croatia and bosnia more soldiers are quickly recruited with some 50,000 joining the current armies within the month .
pécs and timisoara are invaded and budapest is bombed as is bucharest .
when you learn a new language the easy words we learn in the beginner course are getting harder when we study on because it is used in many contexts and many of which are a bit awkward in their mother tongue .
the word save is one of them to koreans .
it can be translated as many words like 구하다 구조하다 저축하다 남기다 저장하다 구원하다 아끼다 절약하다 .
for the meanings of 아끼다 and 절약하다 i 've covered them before .
so in this episode we will learn the other words .
when you save someone from danger or difficulties it is called 구하다 in korean .
영희 save the girl who fell into the water .
they started to raise money to save people in difficulty because of the flood .
구조하다 is also used to save someone from danger or difficulties .
however 구하다 can be used in almost any case where help is given to someone in need while 구조하다 is more like rescue in accidents .
구조하다 is used a lot in disasters or accidents when trained rescue teams try to save people in them .
the fire fighters are trying hard to save more people even if it 's just one .
because the rescue team arrived late they could n't save anyone .
when you save money in the bank it is called 저축하다 .
i used the entire money i saved in the bank .
he saved money to prepare for his old age .
when you save some food for somebody else or to eat later you should use 남기다 .
i saved it for tomorrow but i should eat it now .
when we are using computers we should save frequently .
it seems that save got this meaning because we save our file from being destroyed .
when you are working with a computer you should n't forget to save frequently .
because i did n't save it i lost 3 hours of work .
the salvation which means that we are all sinners of lying greediness hatred etc. but jesus saved us by dying and getting all the punishment which we originally had to get is 구원 in korean .
jesus saved us from sins by dying on the cross .
god will have all men to be saved and to come unto the knowledge of the truth .
you can listen to the podcast here http wiseinit.com ea b5 ac ed 95 98 eb 8b a4 ea b5 ac ec a1 b0 ed 95 98 eb 8b a4 ec a0 80 ec b6 95 ed 95 98 eb 8b a4 eb 82 a8 ea b8 b0 eb 8b a4 ec a0 80 ec 9e a5 ed 95 98 eb 8b a4 ea b5 ac ec 9b 90 ed 95 98 eb 8b a4-words-vs-words-s2-23
if you want to get up to date with wiseinit subscribe the newsletter http wiseinit.com/newsletter .
i made a facebook group journey to korean fluency https www.facebook.com/groups/190836021290494 .
wish at this point i had gone all digital instead of buying some cartridges and some digital .
i 've been writing online for years especially entertainment/buzzfeed-type listsicles and hand in all work assigned to me within 24 hours .
im getting around 40 fps in the division internal benchmark .
gameplay feels ok but sometimes i have fps lags .
what could i improve to play it more stable/smooth and maybe with a little bit more details ?
intel core i7-3770k or gpu geforce gtx 980 ti upgrade give more improvement ?
my formation is 4-4-2 but i feel something is missing .
i currently have the fullbacks set to attack and my centre backs one as a stopper and the one with better heading and pace as the cover .
my right winger is set to support the overlapping fullback and my left is a wide playmaker who comes inside and lets the left fullback bomb up the wing .
my centre midfield consist of a box to box midfielder and a deep lying playmaker who sits back when attacking to cover the two defenders in the centre .
my attackers i have a deep lying forward on support to link passes and a trequartista who roams and likes to dribble .
i 'm doing well rangers currently 3 in a row league titles but i feel something is missing any advice on player roles and player instructions would be appreciated .
could you please help me calculate how many extra cables will be there with my build ?
im planning to go with a non modular psu to save some money and i am a little worried about extra cables being hard to hide .
i hard-reset because research was way to hard too quickly .
now i would like to take an optimal path choosing the things i need the most .
i will first unlock reaper and then go check out the rest .
hello so i 'm trading my very nice looking ak-47 case hardened ww .
a lot of blue on top like 60 blue with very small amount of purple !
as well it has a name tag i 'm blue da ba dee ''
notice screenshots are made on 800x600 resolution as well pretty bad graphics so screenshots in game not that good .
did price check some time ago people said like 16 keys
feel free to add me or send trade offer have a nice day !
i have no problem with how giant seed 's work perfectly fine if you 're alone .
people should n't be allowed to use them while they have 2 summons up though it 's pretty shady .
can anyone point me towards any resources detailing how to disassemble the zr-7 rear shock ?
there is some surface corrosion on the spring so i would like to remove the spring for cleaning and repainting .
i mean literally everywhere.. my facebook is loaded with bm links even people who never post music links on their facebook wall.. and there is like hundred of review on youtube.. i mean you can pass over 24 hours in line watching metal resistance review .
i think we us all first timer kitsune gon na see the band explode like no band ever before.. we are in the first sits an we gon na be the first witness to see the perfect babymetal storm to dominated the whole world..
im dj for more than 20 years and a metal music fans for like 35 years im in my mid-40 and i never seen that kinda buzz in my entire life .
at first when i start the first fan site babymetal.net i was sure that this band was special and that they were the next big thing.. i guest i was right as i can see how the band has growth and become such a big international band and i can see this happening live as i can watch the site stats doing some high numbers .
i 've connect my site to others site since it was too difficult to keep the site up to date as i work a lot and with social network it even more difficult to get the news..so the best way was to built a bm aggregate site and give some google juice to others site .
well im proud that my site have help the band out and being a part of their success as babymetal.net was the only site giving english info back in 2013 !
i am a bot designed to create a new post each day so we can all discuss today 's afterbirth daily challenge !
please post all scores discussion and thoughts and today 's daily in the comments below .
if you want to avoid being spoiled about the daily do n't venture below this point .
also feel free to use https greedbutt.com to link to your score so people can compare .
i was wondering if the new level 32 items will require divtech to craft ?
i 've spent the last half hour or so searching for any kind of information but i could n't find a thing .
tbh i dont mind the crafting nerfs if the new craftable items can be crafted without the pain in the ass division tech .
i 'm baffled why so many people refuse to believe that tim cook ca n't feel strongly about privacy as an issue .
it 's not all about the money as evidenced by this passionate if not actually angry response to a shareholder question ...
when we work on making our devices accessible by the blind i do n't consider the bloody return on investment .
if you want me to do things only for roi reasons you should get out of this stock .
your submission has been automatically removed because the title does not include one of the required tags .
please check the sidebar for information about tagging your submission properly .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/tutorials if you have any questions or concerns .
got 3 more months to save to pay it off and then ima start the expensive mods haha
di ekriegen ihr leben nicht auf die reihe die haben genauso viel selbstzweifel wie du .
sie haben neben ihren zweifeln nur eben in einigen situation mehr oder weniger zufällig die richtige entscheidung getroffen .
brute force two small problems can give more points than solving one hard problem
yes that´s me stealing the kill to my buddy .
anyway he finished first with a ton more of points than me .
compare this in contrast to eve online or spreadsheet simulator '' as many like to derogatorily call it .
the immense amount of impact that players can have in that truly sandbox game is what keeps it going strong even after 13 years of development .
actually eve is bleeding off about 4 of the player base each month .
while it seems very big because of the single instance design the peak all time players is lower than the number of subscribers on this subreddit .
it 's not really a good example of success .
it came out at a time when it had no competition it was the only space mmo on the market .
many factors prevented widespread adoption of eve and what we should look at it what caused it to fail not the absence of competition which allowed it to enjoy limited success .
my first act is to make myself president for life .
this is one of the reasons people do n't want to pay taxes when it 's spent where it 's clearly not needed .
the damage to pendulum magicians is insurmountable is n't it ?
is the deck dead or do you see the possibility of top8 regional or top32 ycs spots ?
it 's not that good of an album anyways tbh fam
edit ca n't flee the yeezy stans not even in smashbros smh
more like an anglo-sphere thing as we have have them over here although i do n't like casseroles from where 'd it 'd be chewy and time pressure to finish by .
at least to me it was n't i 'm 28 .
i 'm impressed you not only remembered it but found a way to incorporate it .
i had n't thought of that abomination in years and years .
do n't rightly know whether to thank you or not .
i 'd really love to hear where you 're seeing empty storefronts in the main downtown area '' .
the fact that you called it the main downtown area '' tells me you no nothing about indy .
but yeah i 'm sure you live in some cool big brooklyn brownstone and can gesticulate on high about midwest bland sprawl '' .
i ca n't remember exactly which of those two .
i would try to work out if there are any objects in your game world that can have multiple use`s .
outside of 'inventory management ' like drop take throw is there anything that could possibly do two useful things ?
perhaps magic scrolls can be read like ordinary scrolls but do n't have an effect unless you incant them .
perhaps potions can serve as a refreshing drink but you want to allow for an eat option that kills the player with internal bleeding out of spite .
for a simple game i would absolutely have a single use method although i might keep the appropriate verb around for reporting what the player actually did .
did you find a hungry bottom to swallow your sword ?
here 's the pixiv page http www.pixiv.net/member_illust.php ? mode=medium illust_id=50234615 on pixiv the artist is called colorz .
i do n't see that it 's any better in countries with more parties .
more radical parties have leverage because of the need to form coalition governments .
in fact i like the two party system because it becomes a real right verses wrong and in order for the other party to stay relevant they need to eventually moderate themselves .
the gop for example is about there and once texas goes blue then they will really need to moderate .
people just want attention and being a contriarian might even get you laid or make you money .
that 's really the reason that people talk so much shit about our two party system .
i bet they would n't have removed it if it was totalbiscuit .
it takes a really long time to get used to .
grand harvest is great for xp if you kill the endboss you get an extra 10k exp .
i reckon he bought it on behalf of grandma .
the boxing evebt may have been booked a year before when it is unsure if your team will even need the arena for nhl playoffs ?
i dont know if it is compatible with ios though
i just mail some start capital and then they are pretty self sustaining from there .
a small loan of a million plat should be sufficient .
23 per cent would support parts of britain being governed by sharia law rather than british law
why do n't they move to one of the many sharia law shitholes '' all around the earth where they will be stoned for wearing two mixed fabrics or something like that then ?
i 'll give you the answer because all of these countries are shitholes because of islamic rule and they know it .
yet they want to turn their safe haven '' into on of these shitholes ?
i mean everyone knows most people know that people who believe in invisible omnipotent wizards are not the brightest bulbs around but these people must be braindead already .
i 'm not sure to be honest have n't heard anything about it .
i would hope that they 'd leave the gts without a turbo but there 's no indication of them doing that
as a civilian who 's never been to war i appreciate your two cents worth for how unrealistic old man 's war was .
and i 'm glad to hear another glowing review of forever war .
i 'm picking it up now from amazon and believe me i 'm going to look forward to forever war .
i just need to truck though ringworld first then i 'll go onto forever war .
i agree with the opinion you have he gave up his opinions far too quickly to make it actually seem anywhere realistic .
and if you ask me he 's considered a good leader as he 's only got a horseshoe up his ass he 's lucked out numerous times and has yet to have it catch up to him .
i 'm told by a coworker that eventually it will but i do n't care for the eventuality i want to see it happen now .
national mini honda meeting in aalst with shops drag races food and drink stands .
we 're organizing to ride to burnout aalst from grimbergen with other bikers feel free to join i 'll edit time and place this week .
also the ride to aalst is not restricted to mini honda 's and replica 's everybody welcome but the vrije rit '' at the meeting is mini fourstroke only .
this is a great event to see classic mini honda 's hand made prototypes race each other and so on .
i 'd also recommend checking out the rest of ahoy 's videos he has some really good quality stuff on his channel .
aegis regens you to 100 hp-mana in 5 seconds with 20 per second regen rune does only the 100hp/64 mana regen per second .
at late game you cant fill your mana-hp by regen rune in 5 sec but aegis can do it
actually siver deserves the stepping stone name but ya the rest are all decent
the barik point is so true i play him a lot and you basically drop two mega turrets stand with them to heal and keep the enemy team in their base so yours can cap .
if it 's a fact than point me to a verified statement from the chancellor where he states that sanders requested an invitation .
so far all you have is a line from a daily beast with a citation that does n't even remotely support the claim .
and the cnn article they got that citation from is overwhelmingly clear on the fact that sanders was invited .
if dishonesty is your game maybe you should consider registering as a republican .
that 's a reason to not wear ankle support .
give your ankles some time to adapt and they will get stronger .
the sore feeling ill decrease and your risk of ankle and knee injuries will thereby decrease
please post any comments or discussion as a reply to this comment .
if posting a cutout please use the new cut-out format r/cutouts/wiki/index wiki_flair.3a .
helpful links for this image other discussions https www.reddit.com/r/photoshopbattles/related/4ea2cc/psbattle_kate_middleton_playing_cricket karmadecay https karmadecay.com/r/photoshopbattles/comments/4ea2cc/psbattle_kate_middleton_playing_cricket google image search https www.google.com/searchbyimage ? image_url=http i.imgur.com/jzvrooy 2ejpg
this is an automated response faq http www.reddit.com/r/apicontraptions/wiki/apicontraption_faq send feedback http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=apicontraption subject=feedback thingid message link to post https www.reddit.com/r/photoshopbattles/comments/4ea2cc/psbattle_kate_middleton_playing_cricket 'i like feedback '
the eight alleged bay boys '' listed as defendants in the lawsuit include sang lee brant blakeman jalian johnston michael rae papayans angelo ferrara frank ferrara charlie ferrara and nicolas ferrara .
if you took the quad burst upgrade it bugs his ult without that it should be automatic as normal
thanks i checked the wiki but thought with all the pc too '' games this one too
the mandibles or likewise sorry i do n't remember what other name it goes by
the bottom one has bitten the top ones thorax ?
i remember the first time i saw this pic i thought it was one giant guy but after seeing pics and videos of these bad asses it 's obvious to me that it 's one biting another .
if a manager knows they can step on you they 'll keep doing it .
showing a bunch of 2013 model s 's on ebay for 49k and claiming 30k worth of depreciation is not entirely accurate .
the 2013 model s was 57k before tax credit not 80k like it is now .
not that i disagree with you but variety is not the same as prowess .
oh i 'm waiting with baited breath for what this '' is
we already paid money for the skins they do n't care anymore ... all the resources now go to new skins cause that 's where the new money is .
we 're sorry but the title of your post is incorrect in some way .
your title must appear exactly like this h item s you have w item s wanted
some common mistakes users tend to make with titles include
having only w '' but not also h '' or vice versa you must have both in your title
please check to ensure that you did n't make one or more of these mistakes .
if you are selling more than 5 items you can instead use the store tag .
note that all relevant trade info still needs to be within the post without requiring the user to view an external site .
simply linking to a pricing spreadsheet site or a different trade site to sell your items is not sufficient by itself to meet the pricing rule .
you may also use the following tags for non-trade posts
pc asking for a price check on an item .
psa public service announcements of some value to the community .
raffle if you intend on doing a free raffle raffles with any sort of buy-in are prohibited however .
free giveaway if you are giving something away for free you can use either one of these tags .
discussion if you are asking the community to contribute and discuss something relevant to everybody .
please also take this time to examine our rules http www.reddit.com/r/globaloffensivetrade/wiki/rules for future reference .
if you intend to contact us about this action or any other ones please ensure that you have read this comment in its entirety making sure to read through any relevant links and make sure you grasp a full understanding of what it means before contacting us .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/globaloffensivetrade if you have any questions or concerns .
i only clicked on this because i thought it was howard wolowitz on the thumbnail .
look no further all you need is a mirror !
t 's been a build-up and today she went too far .
she screamed at me and got pissy when i told her to leave me alone then she kept trying to edge me on so i would hit her and be tried as an adult she even went as far as to jump in my face making gorilla noises but i did not hit her i am not stupid .
she told me to leave if i do n't like it and she 's kicking me out at 18 anyways but expects me to give her my check because she was n't responsible enough to save her money to pay her own bills .
she insulted everything about me and i 'm sick of her and her shit .
motion sickness has been solved as far as hardware and tracking goes .
some people will get sick but they would probably have gotten sick in an actual airplane like that as well .
yup calorie counting did it for me from 200 lbs to 124 lbs now .
i guess he and i could never be pals .
yup calorie counting did it for me from 200 lbs to 124 lbs now .
i played nearly every single day until shortly after the hard mode for the ttk raid came out .
by then almost every friend i regularly played with were done with the game .
i still visit that subreddit from time to time and i learnt about the patch is that dropping tomorrow and i feel zero excitement about it .
the biggest difference between destiny and division is that destiny is reusing old content re-skinning enemies upping stat numbers on loot .
they are trying to sell the idea that its new '' content when in reality they are just bringing back old exotics re-skinning enemies into taken form adding numbers to inflate difficulty .
and the prior service person who just left my office .
iaw the prior service pgm similar to a to amendment if you 're afsc is on the direct duty list you have to join under that afsc .
sorry to burst your bubble but the recruiter is n't just deciding he wants to put you in your old afsc the air force recruiting service mandates that .
i noticed someone had posted a dubbed video of this au 's comic to the subreddit but i feel like the official tumblr page needs more love .
this is very well thought out and blends undertale and majora 's mask together in an extremely satisfying way !
on an unrelated note to fnaf world only now do i realize we were putting things into boxes in the clock minigames .
why do women have to change their behaviour in response to something men do that makes them uncomfortable ?
the simple answer is men should stop being creepy .
no great love story ever started with he yelled something sexually aggressive at me and we just went from there ''
it 's a good thing we have enough stash space to hold all our weapon skins .
that is how they frame the story today so that people accept the additional funds to cra .
however what they said about this problem a few years ago is very different .
in this story it is all about taxes that have been already assessed or expected and are outstanding ... nothing to do with tracking hidden wealth .
you have to constantly watch and compare the propaganda from yesterday to today 's propaganda .
after you sift though enough bs the real story reveals itself .
i 'd rather do what i can to save that 10 .
i have no intention of spending any of that money since i did n't earn it .
if anything it would sit untouched and continue to grow under my supervision .
if anything i want it to be there to take care of any unexpected medical or end of life expenses for my parents .
following that i would put it towards my own children 's college education if i end up having kids .
here is a nice list of alternative therapies including ect .
season 1 picks up around episode 10 and just manages to steadily get better in my opinion
i 've had good '' vapes and still go back to my xmax .
cheaper does n't always mean shit xmax is what i wish i started with and expensive does n't always mean best mflb and pax .
running a dungeon took time and coordination which forced you to talk with your fellow players .
i always get weirded out by people who say this because i played back in early-to-mid tbc and i distinctly remember people leaving dungeons quite often if you died even once .
i also remember having to have someone mount up and then fly to the nearest capital city which was a major pain the ass if you were running zf unless someone was in the area which only happened sometimes .
but actually thinking about it now i think part of what has diminished the community aspect of wow is just where everyone is located .
think back in vanilla and tbc you had to almost-always be in one of two distinct areas of the world .
yeah you could be in bc for dailies and shit but there was still stuff to do in ek and kalimdor unless you were leveling which you might 've been if the content was easier .
so perhaps it was also the increase in areas that one can be in that contributed to the loss of community ?
the population did not increase to coincide with the game 's growth partly due to game design choices .
if you make your world bigger it by extension feels less populated .
this is also probably why people are so close-knit on private servers .
i 've personally never played on a serious one only a stupid one back in 2008 or 2009 but it seems like the sense of community comes not only from how many players there are but also from what content is relevant and where that content is located .
please note i am not excusing poor game design choices on blizzard 's part as i said nor do i believe that the above is the only reason behind the game 's decline .
but the decline started around wotlk and cataclysm did n't make it any better .
the latter introduced multiple new zones four of which involve phasing not sure if twilight highlands did or not so i did n't count that one .
ironically revamping questing may have also led to problems as it encouraged people to reroll new characters and play the new questlines and explore the new areas .
this would lead to people going through these zones and then ending up back in bc and wotlk for 20 levels and since the leveling there is n't very optimized people likely got slowed down or burnt-out .
the former meaning that they 'd take longer to get through keeping them out of relevant content longer while the latter means that they may have quit the game if it was their first character or if they just got bored because of that content i do n't know .
for a final time i 'm not excusing blizzard 's poor choices when it comes to actually making the game but i feel like expanding the world played a fairly-large role in making the world of warcraft feel more empty than it did .
because they 've helped me overcome quite a bit of my autism namely they 've managed to make me stop whining whereas feminists call me an entitled misogynist for wanting to have sex with hotter women .
i 'm saying do n't try and increase the size of the muscle .
the hormone argument is an interesting one that i 've been thinking about lately .
i 've actually been trying to pack on a bit of muscle in some tier 3 and 4 groups to test this idea .
i bought myself a hand vacuum last month and i have been obsessed with it ! !
it is traditional war because they 're not using nukes ...
the only people he and springsteen are hurting is their aged dwindling fan base who probably already support the artist 's side of the argument just to win over a new generation of fans which probably wont work out as both artists are very dated and irrelevant .
so they 're screwing their current fans just to seem like they are cool hip and relevant .
i 'm sure nothing bad can come of that .
i just put it on there so people can see when i 'm playing it lmao .
you can upload games to your steam library from your computer so it will display when your playing them .
not that i 'd want to set that as a bar
this why i can never b successful on the maple redit
i do n't really have the money to pay for it or a card to use to get the free trial .
diese kinder wurden einer gehirnwäsche unterzogen traurig dass so etwas im modernen europa noch passiert .
yup calorie counting did it for me from 200 lbs to 124 lbs now .
just to put the significance of this report into context let 's remember that this is a rumor about a comic book movie .
i agree that its not fair that the co gop decided to cancel the primaries but they did so in august along wy and nd .
there should be primaries in every state but if a state decides to hold a closed convention then well its a pity but not aimed against one candidate or to subvert democracy .
the trick is to find him first he 's hiding at a certain level i want to say 2000 but it has been so long since i 've played .
he will not attack you if you 're above him .
you can be like 1 foot away from the yeti and he 'll just stand there jumping up and down .
so get to the appropriate yeti level and then ski sideways until you see him .
sidestep up the hill a bit high enough to build to max speed before crossing the yeti line .
build up some lateral distance from the yeti ... but not too far because the map is a loop .
find a place with a jump below it and accelerate to the jump .
hit that jump and immediately pray for/find more jumps to hit .
the yeti will be close behind but if you hit a few more jumps in a row you 'll have successfully beaten the yeti .
you can sidestep up the slope from the start of a new game and find the yeti above the start line .
he will immediately rush down the hill and eat you once you 're in sight .
thank you for taking the time to respond to my questions .
are you saying that high triglycerides in and of themselves even with well-controlled blood pressure and no coronary artery blockages still increase my risk of a stroke ?
granted i do n't know if i might have carotid artery blockages which i understand would increase my risk and which my father had .
i also questioned how accurate the ct scoring test was and was told that it was every bit as accurate as a cardiac cath .
my dr. said in so many words that she was not at all concerned about my developing significant cad in the next 20-30 years ... given my current state of health .
heh part of me agrees with you im from a rural background myself .
i just watched a docu last week about the new kkk and the rise of anti-government militias in rural areas .
since then im convinced too much fresh air damages your brain .
i only use it for colour correction and the dumbest thing is that the software works on my crappy laptop but not my high end desktop .
gopro really needs to spend less on marketing the software and more on making sure that it works .
i 'm sitting on the couch being pregnant and redditing 2 of my children are quietly self-entertaining and the other 2 are quietly doing their science textbook we home school .
honestly though i started magic with bfz so it 's basically all i know .
i have a deck cobbled together with stuff i pulled from boosters that 's about it .
i was young with a gaming pc and never mined when btc was just a dollar .
i have regrets but as george w. said fool me once ... erm you wo n't fool me again ! ''
i got into eth at 10.50 and out at 10.9 .
but i saw the crash below 10 coming ... and thus the rise of btc very soon .
i 'm patiently awaiting this btc pump so i can use my profits to throw back into alts .
throw in tucker hes one of the best received guests as well .
how come my upvoted suggestion never makes it in the episodes
myth jager 's ads can counter ash 's breaching round from the opposite side of a castle 's door/window because the breaching round partially penetrates it giving the ads the line of sight it requires to counter it .
i 've seen this happen before but i think it no longer works ever since the patch for castle walls protecting you during the animation came out .
yup calorie counting did it for me from 200 lbs to 124 lbs now .
my girlfriend paints and she might want to paint one of your pieces would it be fine if she does ?
what i meant was that i was a little annoyed that physical/energy armor is default as in everyone has them but no one has physical/energy pen unless you open packs .
so if you do n't have any pen cards and someone or everyone builds a little armor you are basically useless and ca n't do much anymore .
this is one i 've never heard this one before .
also do n't die except that you are muslim .
the regular credits are going to be used for recalibrating he stuff now .
i take a protein supplement that has the same mixture .
it only has one carb per serving and i love it .
i 'm also glad to see you say no to beans and lentils .
i thought i was being too strict by not eating them and thinking i need them for protein but it 's obviously possible to do it without .
as do i but i do understand being frustrated without having the explanation given in the first movie .
as an individual work tfa has some weak points due to the ambiguity .
if the next two movies fill in the details as we anticipate the next movies will retroactively improve tfa in context .
still from a fresh watch as a single work there 's many unsatisfying turns the movie takes that being one .
whoa it 's almost like this is a game or something
donated to crystal bridges when i went to visit an incredible collection and facility .
i just have a problem with the mandated entry fee really .
when i first got steam i was amazed when i played with players that had only 1 letter as their nickname because i thought you ca n't change your nickname .
does he actually say anywhere that the clause was a sham/not proper ?
i 've not seen so and is does sound like liverpool were at fault .
but that 's not to say we were n't complete pricks about it i agree. being an idiot tbh .
this is an obvious counterfeit of a lincoln quarter .
so ability wave clearers like neith just use autos and not abilities ?
i always thought that you used throwing dagger whenever you were someone who had to strongly rely on autos rather than abilities to wave clear
i wanted to do 20 all around but did n't think it was worth the risk of a ticket .
did 20 in the back and 35 in front .
my favorite zombies map d and i think i just see his posts a lot hahaha
i believe it was at this episode that i dropped the show i really disliked the characters sadly .
is this before or after we send them to the re-education camps ?
all scottie ever knows is that he 's been able to shut down nearly everyone he faced so why not be confident that he could shut down curry ?
he won more than most but to think you would never lose ?
and because draymond is an idiot makes it ok ?
i dunno they do a good job making fun of buzzfeed https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=avlt2g__9ze .
that 's a fucking idiotic way of judging somebody 's mood .
and anyway why do you care to determine somebody 's mood as if mood is even a real thing ?
currently light level 302 and not sure if i should come back i do miss the game though .
but after playing kf so many times and never getting drops to up my level i quit lol .
i 'd recognize that sexy beast of an icon anywhere
does it do all youtubers or only the biggest ones ?
like everything is in shiny brass and fricking big like piltover in league of legends or the sky city in bioshock .
if you read through the comments on the_donald you do n't find many responses that really question anything or even discuss anything .
it lends itself to circle jerking and an echo chamber effect because the mods ban people for anything that derails from the pro-trump meme fest .
anything that does n't get banned just gets down voted into oblivion or spammed out with cuck alert '' or something along those lines .
roam mid a lot and call for jungle help for easy ganks .
you forget however that ham is as much an attitude as it is body weight .
my fat disgusting dumb bitch of a cousin always posts inspirational shit .
she 's like 50lbs over weight and is always doing some bullshit supplement scam diet '' .
she 's also unemployed and lives at home with her mom and blames everything on her stroke '' that she had the doctors told her she did n't have a stroke just a panic attack but she 's run with it the last few years .
beachbody nonegativity bitch you positively look like a fucking whale .
they are the easiest aura infusion/gem in the game to get they are just a freebie for getting skins that you would most likely go for anyways .
also u/zumgapanda she 's still annoyed that you called her thirsty that one time .
one day i want to see a motorstorm game with the graphics and physics from dirt rally this dream is closer than ever fingers crossed .
this is a great point ... will probably disturb people consistency wise but it is most realistic .
yeah i still do n't see the connection between being the prime minister of norway and getting welcome aboard..
have you confirmed your challenger acount with the sub mods ?
electoral college votes are awarded based on winning a state not on percentage of the vote .
it would be incredibly easy for sanders to get 270 electoral college votes .
atmosphere only goes so far up before the pressure would be too much to sustain life thus we only concern ourselves with the haze from distance not height .
if we had to worry about how thick the atmosphere was we would be worried about breathing and standing more than visibility .
ehm ... paladins are actually quite awesome in t18 because their 4pc and classtrinket are insane .
for any form of 'casual ' content up to heroic and by now even most mythic bosses with valor upgrades the tankclass barely matters if at all hell wf archi mythic was done with prot warrior tank as well as wf blackhand mythic
i have no idea how that changes in legion though so yeah if you want any kidn of longevity probably wait till the tankthread when all the guys with alpha access can talk about the classchanges .
as long as its been 30 days since u were last helped .. send me your code ... http i.imgur.com/xxh2fls.png ... in a message to ... http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=maccahkka subject=clam 20request ...
maybe they were classified not because of conspiracy evidence but because they contained information from classified sources and revealing the information would jeopardize a source .
for example dmitri polyakov was a high ranking gru like kgb but military officer who was secretly spying for the u.s. and one of the pieces of intel he gave us is that the soviets looked at oswald but decided not to try and recruit him because he was unstable .
this is a great example of information that would have been useful to those investigating the assassination but is information that could not be made public for decades .
here 's my very safe prediction no matter what is released in 2017 those who believe in a jfk assassination conspiracy will continue to believe in it .
have you seen the material to know that it is a risk ?
we all use different valuation systems so i found it neat to see the consensus rankings along with the std dev showing how much we varied across 10 writers on the same site !
i ca n't remember who it was on the morning hockey radio that was making it sound like pk and patches just flat out do n't like each other and that it 's a possible divide in the locker room .
all the hockey talk ... and all of the goddamn drama .
the key to getting better is anything that increases the number of human interactions a person has
it 's not the key to getting better . ''
i 'm sure it 's good for you but is definitely not indicated as a treatment for depression .
things that have been evidenced to reduce depression exercise not as a monotherapy antidepressants and cbt .
i specifically noted that it would be important for you to either find a therapist with whom you can bond or specifically seek out group therapy so that you are not in isolation .
what i did point out was that seeking a romantic relationship at a time when you are mentally unwell is extremely unwise and unfair to anyone interested in being with you .
you do n't understand because my issue is n't depression .
the only other way you could be considering suicide is if you 're suffering another mental disorder such as ptsd or acute stress reaction the suicidal ideation is a response to an extremely traumatic situation or event that happened recently or is ongoing such as rape psychological abuse or physical abuse or if you have an organic problem such as a brain tumor much much less likely than depression .
i 'm not going to attempt to diagnose you definitively over the internet that should be the job of the doctor you seek out but answer the following questions and if you get multiple yes '' answers you are very very likely to be depressed
have you lost interest in things that used to give you pleasure ?
do you feel excessively guilty or have a sense of worthlessness ?
do you feel like you have less energy than you used to ?
do you feel like your sense of focus/concentration is n't as good as it used to be ?
do you feel physically slower than you used to ?
i already know the answer to the last one is yes . ''
you need to face the fact that you 're very likely depressed .
regardless if you have suicidal ideation you need to see a doctor
i 'm sick of being told to get help '' with no inclination of what the heck that actually means .
i laid out specific steps in my last comments but you conveniently ignored them .
i will put them in actual numbered steps this time in case you missed them .
1 see a psychiatrist not a psy**chol**ogist a psy**chia**trist .
only a psychiatrist can prescribe medication a psychologist can not .
make the appointment yesterday in fact i 'd consider being honest with the secretary or whoever books the appointment that you are considering suicide and need help asap .
your doctor will be able to guide you with the best option for you be it antidepressants or therapy or both .
consider telling him/her that you feel very lonely and would be interested in group cbt group therapy and/or mindfulness therapy w cbt group therapy with meditation so that you have some meaningful human interaction .
2 consider a psychologist in addition someone you can actually get therapy sessions with once or more per week a psychiatrist is more likely to prescribe a medication than offer talk therapy .
it 's a small step and you should not do this alone without step 1 above .
but it has been shown to decrease feelings of depression as well .
4 instead of using tinder in addition to group therapy try getting meaningful human interaction elsewhere like an informal support group in your area .
i promise you i 'm not just trying to be nice '' here .
i 've literally helped treat patients who were suicidal this year and have seen improvement with ssris or cbt .
i 'm faster now though honestly not a whole lot faster 5k pace is about 9:30 long runs are more like 10:30 but i 'm doing 30-40 miles a week these days .
i guess i 'm agreeing with you in the sense that the campaign is using language that her qualifications are n't in question it 's that her judgment disqualifies her as a way of spinning his interview statement in a way that is catchy and memorable .
is n't the city going to legalize uber by the end of the month ?
also is n't uber paying out for the fines ?
that 's pretty much what i 've ascertained and why i 've held off simply there are games with similar mechanics and feel that are better suited for 2p .
i love the look of the board and the gameplay however !
also planning to s-rank jakob with camilla in my revelations run and the supports are providing me with a great deal of amusement 3 she just wants to sniff kamui 's laundry screw off jakob
i felt very insecure about the situation and was always freaking out when she went ... she was still very bothered by my freaking out constant texting asking for pictures videos of the party etc while she was there .
the last time she stayed the night i was texting her non stop to a point where she got mad .
i kept messaging her and she said i made her feel like shit like some cheating party girl .
my emotions were to constantly say why it bother me as she said i needed therapy .
and then a third party stepped in and correctly told you that you were being a psycho .
you squeezed your grip tighter and tighter until your girl slipped from your grasp and now you 're looking for someone to blame besides the man in the mirror .
i will admit i did have insecurities one being that i depended a lot on her emotionally while she was the type who put others before herself which created stress between us .
if he did 'manipulate ' you it was only by saying out loud what you were desperately trying to avoid accepting .
both of you hell all three of you need to go work on yourselves .
i ended up walking down market from 52nd st. to 30th .
it is hard to blow because the thinnest part of the system is the limiting factor .
if you have n't tried it it takes quite an effort to blow a significant amount of air through a needle .
on top of that before you get the air into your veins you also have to push the fluid that is already in the tube through the needle which is even harder .
i 'd guess the effort to blow liquid through a needle is 10x more than with air alone .
your blood pressure works against the flow of liquid into your veins .
so while you 're pushing the liquid/air in your heart is trying to push blood out through the same needle .
since you made a hole in the tube the gravity forcing the iv liquid down the tube is no longer helping you .
from your post is seems that you are better now .
not exactly a gymrat myself but to my understanding you dont really need to go to a gym to lose weight .
body weight exercises you could do on any flat ground is apparently enough .
wtf i thought the whole point was that it was cheap because heaps of people get membership and then never use it which then subsidizes everyone elses costs ...
you can turn it in to the local police where it occurred/state police so they can keep an eye out of traffic in that area .
however do n't expect anything to happen or be surprised if they do n't take the footage .
just built my first pc and i 'm looking to add a video card .
here 's the current build i will probably have to upgrade my psu
pcpartpicker part list http pcpartpicker.com/p/dn8jp6 price breakdown by merchant http pcpartpicker.com/p/dn8jp6/by_merchant
i 'm looking for a card that will let me play more games than my integrated graphics currently does .
some specific ones that i 'd like to play are gears of war battlefield and star citizen .
would an evga geforce gtx 960 http pcpartpicker.com/part/evga-video-card-04gp43968kr be good or is it overkill/not good enough ?
would there be a better card out there for me ?
i seriously want trump to get the presidency then admit it was a sham just to show that money can buy anyone .
you 're absolutely right that the deck is getting nerfed and that hs at its most p2w is still not as p2w as cr .
i just wanted to point out that there definitely is such a thing as a dominant deck .
currently a new f2p player is not going to have a good time on ladder against secret pally and midrange druid that 's for sure .
if the pope meets with bernie his approval rating among young sanders supporters who he already does fairly well with goes up .
but his support among clinton supporters all republicans and citizens of every other country go way down as he is seen involving himself in a foreign election .
no this would not help the pope at all let alone would it help the pope more than bernie .
t-mobile has a roaming agreement with at t here .
my friend on prepaid t-mobile is also connecting to it .
i 'm giving you some of the background information supporting my previous comment .
the one you replied what the fuck '' to .
it 's not necessarily obvious that that 's going happen just by reading the card .
it could roll the damage deal that damage have that damage get absorbed by the shield then summon the imps .
interestingly if there 's ever a cursed blade effect for minions then you 'd get double the imps
a rich rock star ought to be able to pay that or do you work in accounting ?
probably not i just got a few pens and am not looking for anything in particular at the moment .
but if you have something that you think is interesting i would at least take a look for consideration .
the fact that the fiance was able to scream his name and the fact that he was able to hear it seems suspicious to me .
like 10 years ago m91/30s were a good 'woo lookit that pumpkin explode ' gun because they and the ammo cost half as much as they do now .
at this point practically anything not made by remington would make a better general shooter .
i never thought the man of his times '' was a very good argument because it was certainly not impossible to be alive then and not be racist .
also it glosses over actions that hurt real people in very real ways .
i think it 's important to acknowledge the victims of those times as well not devalue their struggles .
it oversimplifies the whole situation by making the past seem like some terrible time and the present seem perfect people had self agency back then just as much they do now .
adding context is great but context should also not give someone a free pass on everything terrible they 've done .
edit i do n't mean to sound off like i 'm judging cobb but rather that this argument of being of the times '' is an oversimplification too .
even the article itself works hard to dismiss the man of his times '' idea regarding ty 's alleged racism in particular .
i think it 's more that with so many different social platforms people are so constantly inundated with different groups trying to receive validation for their problems that people simply get overwhelmed by all the different causes that they just shut down .
i mean if you tried to champion every cause you would die of exhaustion .
so this means that there 's a chance of an awesome mix vol iii coming out ?
sounds like you 're in a great position and making a smart choice .
one thing that i would do is find an agency that finds tenants .
often times they will take a months rent as their fee but they do all the background checks and screening so you do n't have to .
it 's 100 worth losing the one month 's rent .
ah one step up from 'i 'll eat my shoe ' bet .
you know how they turned out for those following r/oculus lately .
u/palmerlucky this chap does n't need a left nutsack .
if i wear 10.5 shoes and have had some fit big and some fit a little snug would it be okay to get the killshot 2s in size 10 ? ?
i usually end up with a headache after i 'm outside in the sun for a long time .
when i moved out of my parents after college .
i had my own job and my own place .
i ran around the apartment naked screaming this is all mine .
so i picked up a 6pack and a pizza and ate it on the floor of my empty abode .
the police can and do refuse applicants that are too intelligent .
google police low iq '' if you 're interested .
i 'd link it but i 'd like that to be a google suggestion if at all possible .
honestly as much as it kinda bugs me that i am saying this it really helps to buy some stubs to start .
not sure how things work in madden but in dd the prices are set by the players who work the market and flip cards not by players who earn stubs by just playing games .
buying 20k stubs to start out gives you a massive headstart for investing in cards .
when he called a timeout in wednesdays game vs the warriors within 40 '' of the game having started and the score 3-2 i was like this dude is just practicing for playoffs '' it seemed to me there was no other explanation .
and i 'm ok with that there 's no time for practice during regular season at all .
i carried a crkt squid clip-less in my coin pocket for a while .
look what crappy internet while spamming the submit button could do .
do n't post low effort comments like joke threads memes slogans or links without context .
help prevent this subreddit from becoming an echo chamber .
please do n't downvote comments with which you disagree .
the downvote and report buttons are not disagree buttons .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/politicaldiscussion if you have any questions or concerns .
if you 're playing as nitty as you say you are smaller stack sizes are better for you so you wo n't get exploited quite so much when a thinking player realizes you only bet stacks with the nuts .
edit i just reread this and it may sound a little insulting .
just trying to be up front and factual about my read on your current abilities as you described them .
except for the small fact that ladakh or jammu do not want independence .
or the fact that of the 7 sisters only nagaland has a insurgency that may have close to popular support .
steve keen is awesome especially his comments on austerity in the uk .
i think hitch 's view on abortion was fueled by the fact that his mother aborted a child before and after he was born .
how come the o for of is present in the rok acronym and not the dprk acronym ?
i do n't get why people get so wrapped up in that diorama the starry night ad was fucking mindblowing .
take my word for it it was stupid insane .
hey better than waiting a year for the next season of daredevil .
search ebay sold items for surface pro 3 with the condition for parts or not working ''
check the appropriate storage capacity features processor speed ... read descriptions until you find comparable ones .
today is relationship-free monday https www.reddit.com/r/askwomen/wiki/mondays where we are not allowing questions pertaining to relationships/attraction .
message/compose ? to=/r/askwomen subject=why+was+this+removed ? message my+submission https www.reddit.com/r/askwomen/comments/4e9efb/have_you_ever_met_a_guy_who_asked_you_out_after was+removed+and+i+do+not+understand+the+reason+given+by+the+mod+who+removed it .
sigh ... i really just do n't know ... i feel so confused ... sigh ... i just ca n't handle it all ...
we hear you on internet never see you guys on track except cota .
maybe hop on a server and try it out ?
that is a very open-ended question with no hint of the type of play style you enjoy .
these stats indicate booking patterns and can be used to predict outcomes of future events with similar criteria .
it 's kinda how both history and science work .
if that happens i 'm going to wait and see what sanders does .
if he runs third party i 'll vote for him .
the only circumstance in which i would even begin to start to possibly consider voting for hillary is if sanders is vp .
even then i 'd have to pull the lever on an empty stomach .
i dated a woman briefly who never took hormones and the fact that she had no plans for them bothered me even though she passed .
she had that sweet native american heritage i 'm not proud of it but that 's how i felt .
ember is one of the better heroes against cold snap actually because he has an almost-instant cast time .
not like you can inspect anybody 's loadout in this game .
haha dissertation ... that 's about as close to one of those that i 'll ever write .
i 'm also surprised you read 90 it took me a long time to write it as i 'm in bed and nodded off a few times .
without going back and reading it myself i 'm pretty sure that it is very incoherent and very much a continuation of a rant i started in a different twd post ... possibly from last sundays episode lol .
i did think that maybe he did that to kill himself i remember a camera angle shot of him kinda sinking before a walker or should i say swimmer ?
i also do n't know how jumping into the water would ever seem like a good idea to kill yourself ... .drowning is terrifying enough and you know damn well that your body 's natural instinct to survive will eventually cause you to regret your decision and fight for your life .
they have guns aboard ... seems more effective ... and if you have a water fetish shoot yourself so you fall into the water just to be sure .
i would normally down vote you not for not being a lions fan but for being a pats fan ... however you did read 90 of my rant so that would n't be polite .
i am not a detroit lions fan myself but i did grow up and do live in michigan .
growing up my dad was a huge packers fan and in the 90 's when i was a kid their main rivalry seemed to be the 49er 's so i became a 49er 's fan .
it made the eventual playoff game fun for me and my dad as both teams were very good at the time and it seemed like every year in the 90 's they were in the nfc championship game or a divisional playoff game playing each other for a shot at the superbowl .
i do know a number of detroit lions fans though living in michigan and all and i got ta say i do n't know what is more sad a detroit lions fan or one of those aspca commercials .
not down for dirty chat not my thing at all .
and really no time to teach french i 'm afraid .
new characters get released faster then 5 limit breaks .
probably not everyone will get them to me they always seemed like a cool way to buff older characters or a way to support fans by making popular characters even nicer .
great suggestion i think i may call the issuing office and see if i can transfer the permit .
i 'm being optimistic but we 'll see either way i plan on paying for the permit .
only if you know where mum keeps her credit card .
perfect balance is not necessary just enough focus to make the gameplay varied beyond aks and m1as and vectors .
my ign is ericav25 if you want to take a look .
i 'd like to join if you 'll have me
for some reason this post made me contact a friend to have a lunch with me .
it 's a small thing but still unexpected from me .
for me it reads as if he felt like the ones posting this should at least add a bit of story how the fight went .
it gets tiresome to see yet another i beat boss x '' post without any content besides that .
holy shit that series had the smut to end all smut .
started the series a girl and ended it a woman
96,000 new recruits join from both norway and denmark .
these are sent to replace tired troops on the northern front where they will be trained .
meanwhile the replaced troops are secretly brought to copenhagen adding to the force already there which now numbers around 350,000 troops .
yeah and it continued to hunt me in college .
well thanks to 2 flunks and finally passing the subject i somehow appreciate geometry
how did you manage the invalid sender '' problem ?
as a matter of fact most younger generations muslims are often even more conservative and rebel against western rules .
ask her whether she agrees with her husband 's recent defense of the racist 1990s crime bill and his criticism of black lives matter as defending murderers and drug dealers .
last time i bought a house was in dec 2014 but i imagine whoever is buying now is taking a crazy amount of risk and is willing to go bankrupt and walk away from it all when shit hits the fan .
pithing needle on the other hand i can understand since now you can hit both aether vial and mutavault .
however merfolk tends to be aggressive when siding out aether vial in discard-heavy matchups so if youre bw tokens or something then i 'd leave it out .
yes what a genuinely stupid maneuver with absolutely no practical application as executed .
at his age i would n't have a care in the galaxy making runs out to tosche station every spacefriday evening .
he also should 've heard the radio chatter but did n't .
if my understanding of chim is n't completely wrong it can enter butterfly effect territory real damn fast and i love that stuff .
i do have a story though so i was at this family dinner and the friend of an uncle told me that one of his friends worked at an heb and saw my uncles friend daughter getting beer from a lady in front of the cashier .
needles to say they caught them on tape and showed it to their parents
i 've only done pretty trivial work with rnaseq analysis but i found the actual methods paper to be really useful .
it even tells you what the exact cli statements should be .
labour councils running up enormous budgets and told to stop
not a lot bothers me and that can be seen as not caring .
i do n't know why but that game is so satisfying somehow .
do people not research combinations of drugs they plan on combining first anymore ?
it 's the 11th now at 8:30am and the game 's due to be playable in fourteen hours for me .
g2a better pull through or i 'm gon na go hollow .
this is worse than the fucking i feel hollow '' post .
that reminds me of this shot i made 2 years ago https youtu.be/stcejdute0w ? t=16 .
can you link to me i would like to play please and thank you
glad to hear you made it through hope things are looking up for you
life is a lot more fun when you find someone you can be silly with .
consumer reports is the gold standard when it comes to maintenance and reliability
this leads to tanks dealing so much damage without investing in damage items .
advice regarding specific people or situations can be had in r/relationships or r/askwomenadvice .
message/compose ? to=/r/askwomen subject=why+was+this+removed ? message my+submission https www.reddit.com/r/askwomen/comments/4e9axc/should_i_go_for_manly_or_femme was+removed+and+i+do+not+understand+the+reason+given+by+the+mod+who+removed it .
wish there was some option to select i do n't have an vr headset so please do n't show me vr stuff 99 of the time even thought it 's cool ''
fury is one of the best and my personal favorite war movie of all time .
pre-hrt 1year hrt 2year hrt maybe post op completion for any ffs or otherwise mixed in as needed .
too close together on the photos and it 's a blur too far apart and the gradual change details are lost .
it 's really competitive the gpa could use some work generally 3.6 is ideal what are your test scores ?
act i would say at least a 30 sat around 1850-1900 minimum .
rensselaer polytechnic institution is a really good stem school .
rs3 is shit thats why the company fucked many players over with that eoc shit so of course when we hear about rs3 we going to say something about it .
i honestly do n't care what anyone says oldschool is way better im surprise how successful it has become and people that play rs3 are traitors to the community supporting what jagex does wrong making them money for the shit game rs3
there 's millions more poor white americans than there are black americans though so bernie was dead wrong and watching his fanboys try to save face for him is hilarious .
an ideology that views them as abhorrent and deserving of torture and death
to be fair the other two branches of abrahamism fit that description too albeit in a less openly murderous way .
then again the later two are mostly domesticated nowadays to an extent at least in the civilized world and the usa .
you ca n't tell a young girl that they ca n't be scared late at night in a dangerous area .
i had a homeless man a few months ago start to physically assault me in fremont while waiting for a bus and had to get on a different bus to get away .
just because you find mental illness funny does n't mean shit does n't happen due to these people .
just to clarify this is different from the kanger kbox mini correct ?
im going to start taking my battery out whenever its not in use now tho..
let it die in the fire whence it came .
this is why clinton attracts the ambitious types while bernie attracts the lazy asses .
how dare she think it 's a good idea to ask young people to show they value their education by having to work a little for it .
i can certainly sympathize with the stress of having to work while taking difficult classes but..10 hours is 10 fucking hours .
wah if you stomp your feet because you 'd rather be playing baseball then you do n't deserve to have your college paid for .
i loved the first book in the brotherband series .
i especially loved the part where they had to use their ingenuity '' i laugh so much .
sometimes when i 'm at work i find empty packaging and it breaks my heart .
like when i find an empty box of children 's panadol or tampons or some nappies missing from a box or an empty container of kids rice husks or baby food .
i always wonder how desperate some people must be to steal those things .
are they mostly the big game fish in open water ?
i read this article on how to run it and they are recommending 23 or so instant and sorcery spells so you can consistently flip thing .
with only 10 i 'm wondering what the strategy is for flipping titi ?
i like the idea so i 'm really curious and could use the help too .
usually i just grab a prototype outside linebacker and put them in at ilb
if you are on pc i would love to help you when i get off duty .
i semi agree but there is definitely not a 32 ship instance limit .
well the person who claimed it did n't do any research so ...
okay cool i may have to take you up on that tomorrow !
for now it 's time to sleep for school ...
yeah hence our '' future messi not the next messi .
i was talking in terms of his importance to our squad in the future .
i see him in a similar role in the center as a false 9 running with the ball or cutting in from the wings as messi used to .
the team behind the meta basically threw out all their monitors because they have no need for them anymore .
might be a bit of hyperbole but this sounds like a very possible future .
could i get nava wuthering heights night thoughts and woman in white ?
the entire last half of the movie was basically the same .
i loved the lightsaber fight at the end of a new hope .
but if your family is pressuring you take it out on them not the teachers it 's not their fault that you 're there .
your post was removed for containing a phone number .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/rbi if you have any questions or concerns .
we make roughly similar income and would be terrified to carry that level of mortgage regardless of rental income .
i guess risk tolerance is pretty key to the ability to buy here .
i also started my career restructuring failed irish banks so maybe that 's made me too risk averse
noting the setting is n't a spoiler generally speaking .
talking about the ending however generally is a spoiler especially if you 're saying nothing is resolved in the end '' ...
personally that makes me feel way less motivated to play it
gameplay spoilers '' is n't really a thing as far as i 'm concerned .
if you really ca n't tell the difference then maybe you really should n't be talking about games at all
as long as they keep that shit to themselves i have no problem .
when the imaginary starts leaking into reality is when i will push back .
the fact that religions are tax exempt means that militant atheism is a necessary thing in the us .
i mean i 'm not saying that it 's nessacarily a bad thing that rome collapsed or that christianity was spread as a result of germanic influence .
i just think trying to rationalize the histories of religions is probaly a bad idea considering how fucked up every single moment of human history is .
the nations of today are built on the bodies of enemies past .
i use giant tombstone skeletons musketeer wizard fireball arrows and baby dragon .
skeletons and tombstone for hogs and other high hp troops like giants princes etc..
i generally push with wizard and giant or musketeer and giant .
baby dragon is usually a defense troop but sometimes a tank .
the key is using skeletons as distractions for positive elixir trades this will get you the win .
this strategy can be weak against hut decks but you have a very strong fighting chance .
having to put in commands at the right times makes me feel like i have a high level of control over the battle like my skill actually matters .
particularly the stylish moves where the correct inputs are a little bit of a trial and error thing .
i think from a story perspective the ttyd narrative is fairly simple the game is surprisingly character driven .
as for environments i 've always enjoyed how varied they are .
i 've also always loved exploring the sewers/underground areas .
i 've never gotten sick of the ttyd battle theme and i love all the bosses having unique themes .
i had an old mx kit for a long time with all maple drums and a nice satin fade finish .
they sounded great for the price but the snare was horrid .
no combination of heads or new snare wires could save that thing .
the hardware was decent but also big and bulky and i grew to dislike it .
i do hope this couple and their son is found alive and well .
looks like vive has its system seller as unintentional as it may be .
i 've seen that since ios 9.0 beta so to answer your question it 's new in ios 9 but not ios 9.3.2 .
if you place your trees strategically along the lane you can use your ult to kill creep waves before they ever reach your base
ha ok guess what i am bipolar hypo manic but very well accounted for .
maye you could be the knot that ties a rope to a great friend .
no atypicals or ant psychotics just lithium and klonopin .
oh am a great lover selfless and love to explore .
i read like mad so am pretty sure having a masters will convince you there might be a squirrel in my cage .
trust me you will never be bored around me .
we can wright a book people at johns hopkins are trying to get my rights .
my ex is a professor at william and mary .
yea our surface plate was the only leveling surface we had in our workshop so it was treated with reverence .
yeah i watched them string fibre along my rural highway months ago as i sit here with dsl at 6/0.7 mbps .
i personally am relieved that the dc movies are n't connected to arrow flash supergirl gotham etc .
but i 'm a huge fan of phil lord and chris miller who are writing the film and of ezra miller who will be playing barry allen .
it 's not like people avoided watching man of steel because it was n't tied into smallville .
because people realized spectre was only ever a weak hero '' because they were saving up 5150 gold for an item with no stats and no mobility and she is not only not weaker than most carries early on she 's stronger than most carries early on when played and itemized correctly .
you can still grab radiance later if you really want .
you 'll enjoy both as they are very similar .
merlin knows who everybody is noone knows who he is
assasin if he knows who merlin is he wins the game knows other rebels or w/e
i know and i agree with this sentiment but you ca n't say say people do n't take it way further than that to the point where having a conflict of interest is taken as assumed corruption .
it 's like this game does n't exist and the current rights holder is just telling consumers that they ca n't buy it .
i knew i could let him live but i did n't like him so i wanted after going all of that game to kill him .
but then killing him there is as i believe he even says a very boring resolution .
it 's just more people who to join horde when their alliance dies .
if i try to put this res as my background i 'll get a dot and a quarter .
by far the most impressive iiia in terms of test is the survival armor hml-3000 which stops .357 sig 7.62x25 and 5.7x28 contact shots .
i 'll probably be an old man by the time 2077 rolls around .
i better reserve my position at the nearest vault tec registration facility .
oh i thought you meant to say ic integrated circuits .
in some really old blog posts valve had heatmaps of mirage and cbble .
my tolerance is pretty high so i dont usually get fucking baked ever .
i 'm sure if i took a t break and then smoked in the cold i 'd still get pretty high .
but usually i do n't have much more than a decent buzz anyways unless im.taking dab after dab after dab so the cold just makes the small buzz less noticeable because i 'm preoccupied with how cold i am .
in that case every american soldier is terrorist scum too .
my question is does it level up an already existing key in your inventory and then consume it ?
or does it give you a 'key ' when you use the skill ?
i kinda wan na know so i can hunt some high level chests and make cool items c
i have an iphone 6 and a wifi router asus .
is there any advantage to getting the cell spot ?
the subscription fee to access dubious read illegal content is quite newsworthy..
let us try and find mainstream media outlets to get the word out .
i 'm not sure if i should put this here or in one of the there mental health subs but here goes .
whenever i 'm alone bored working through something i tend to talk to myself .
in 2 distinct speech patterns alternating reciprocally between a deep masculine voice and a higher pitched feminine voice .
my band plays prerecorded tracks live during tuning breaks to avoid having dead air .
in the past we had played these on an spd ran into the second input of my amp .
i 'm looking for a pedal or other solution that will make it easy to trigger these sounds on the fly .
any other pedals that can hold and playback audio ?
i recently watched a movie about a girl who moves to jamaica and takes up sailing and now i 'm wondering if there are any books that feature sailing learning etc prominently .
a couple weeks ago i read this post titled nyc guerrilla campaign '' https www.reddit.com/r/sandersforpresident/comments/4crg4x/nyc_guerrilla_campaign and honestly it 's been stuck in the back of my mind ever since .
so today i situated myself in a subway passageway beneath times square holding my rather unremarkable homemade sign
i can not begin to estimate how many people must have read this sign .
last friday afternoon i went canvassing in the bronx and if i went to a hundred doors i could n't have talked to more than ..
five minutes standing beneath times square and i 'll bet at least a hundred people must have read my sign .
i think it 's fair to say that we need more people doing this .
i honestly believe that deploying sign-holders to every single major subway station in the train system is a far far more effective outreach strategy than going around the city knocking on doors .
for anyone interested i 'll break the procedure down into simple steps
a package of black permanent markers i highly recommend the sharpie pro bullet tip markers .
go to a busy subway station corridor and hold your sign .
you do n't want to be mistaken for a panhandler .
bring multiple signs because if an enthusiastic bernie supporter crosses your path you can give one of your signs away and deploy a sign-holder to another part of the subway station .
bring a friend and stand on opposite sides of a passageway or something so you can still see each other for moral support .
i say this because if you 've never held a sign in a public place before and you 're all by yourself the ground beneath your feet can feel like a very lonely place .
i utilized this site http flyers4bernie.info/flyers4bernie/new_york.html and went with the black-and-white option since i do n't have a color printer .
i plan to go back to the times square station every afternoon for the next seven days .
i 'll definitely be taking at least a couple of extra signs with me if you are interested in joining this operation but are unable to make your own sign come find me and i 'll give you one .
perhaps you can pm your cell number to me in advance so i 'll be able to text you my precise location .
if we can get a hundred people doing this i truly believe it can make a world of difference .
if you live in nyc please i implore you please join in on this effort .
after a few roleplay sites that i used to frequent shut down i 've been in a search for creative partners to share in my desire to write .
i 'm a fairly detailed writer myself and i certainly think reddit can provide similarly enthusiastic writers or at least i hope so .
i will roleplay with male or female females preferred but if you 're willing to play a female and think you can do so adequately i do n't mind .
before i get into the kind of roles i 've done or would be into i would first like to address the kind of things i 'm not into .
i wo n't do anything involving non-con gore animals or bathroom related material .
otherwise if it makes sense within the natural flow of the roleplay i 'll probably be open to it .
i 'm also looking for a more long-term arrangement though i would n't necessarily oppose a short-term thing as well .
basically if you can write halfway decently i do n't need a novel just do n't need a bunch of one/two liners lol and are interesting i 'll be open to speaking with you .
some ideas but certainly not all i 'm willing to do
incest not something i would do irl but i 've loved roleplaying about it .
generally have done dad/daughter or brother/sister but open to others .
celebrity roleplays i 've been dabbling in this genre quite a bit lately with a lot of success and enjoyment .
i 've done things like celeb incest blackmail fan encounters co-stars producer and even an apocalyptic style rp .
some celebrity women i have experience rping opposite of or would like to include but are not limited to and obviously feel free to suggest your own
scarlett johansson taylor swift jennifer lawrence katy perry lauren cohan kate upton mila kunis yvonne strahovski anne hathaway kaley cuoco emma stone natalie dormer hayden panettiere or demi lovato .
again open to other suggestions possibly just try me lol .
teacher/student same as above have a few scenes for this .
can either be a school teacher/student relationship or possibly even a sunday school type situation .
some ageplays understand i 'm not going to go too young either way but we can discuss this in private .
tv show characters this is one of those things that we 'll have to discuss in private and figure out our favorite shows but i 've done some rps within the walking dead universe game of thrones harry potter and oddly enough even the girl meets world universe .
i do n't have as much experience with these but certainly willing to try .
again though i 'm looking for quality rpers i prefer a more long-term approach but one-offs are fine as well .
anyways hope to hear from some of you wonderful people !
i was looking for ways to use my phone in my '07 a3 since apparently it does n't have the tech package '' i ca n't use bluetooth .
i 've been using ye old tape deck converter .
i was looking at some of the bluetooth solutions that are out there and i was wondering how the fm transmitter would work .
i mainly want to use the transmitter for phone calls but i 'm worried the fm signal can be intercepted and listened in on .
can someone explain to me how it actually works and how the fcc is n't cracking down on these things ?
so i have been slowly programming a nextbot npc and i am experiencing script errors and crashes on the following things
on npc killing me i need some advice on how to write the death notification since i have no idea where to put it in the code
3. unknown gamemodes/base/gamemode/player.lua:205 the lua code for the player i checked and this is related to the deathcam
when the npc hits an 'official ' gmod npc alyx barney any member of the squad following the player the game freezes .
when the npc kills another npc the console reports that the world killed the npc and not my npc .
3. unknown addons/team_fortress_2_bots beta 352877666/lua/entities/npc_tf2base/init.lua:337 the bot that got attacked
here 's the code for the npc there 's no client or server code just this code http pastebin.com/l9q6t2lx
i mean one by one as open then check to see if light level rasies !
might be obvious but it 's just something to remember for those trying to increase their ll right off the bat !
i do n't wan na be a bitter betty but it makes me so sad when i think about how fucking killer betty 's look would 've been for this challenge .
a moment of silence for what could 've been .
took me a whole hour to figure out that you need to go to the bonfire and travel to get to the high wall of lothric .
seriously people with nice faces but are overweight can just make a simple lifestyle change and then post on uglyduckling but for people like me that are perfectly fit v shape body perfect fat to weight ratio and have a 2/10 face and below average height there is nothing i can change .
so i decided i need a lot of ammo and went and crafted a ton of it by hand .
this is my first time posting in this subreddit so i hope i am doing this correctly .
i am an asian female with dark brown-black hair .
i went in for an all-over hair color for the first time in a while and asked for my hair to be dyed a chocolate brown color and showed my stylist a photo of what i wanted .
she dyed my hair and i left feeling ok about it .
however now that i 've had the chance to look at my hair in different light settings i see that my hair basically looks like it was pre-salon .
the brown tint is only barely visible in sunlight .
i am super disappointed especially since i paid a lot of money for the dye job !
i have contacted the salon and the hair stylist who is an independent contractor with the salon is willing to fix the hair for me with foil instead but she wants me to pay for the materials 40 .
this is a lot of money for me and i feel like it is unfair to pay to have my hair corrected .
what do you guys think is the best way to proceed ?
should i continue to push for a cheaper/free correction ?
i just bought this bike yesterday and i noticed there were a couple things wrong with it .
i noticed that the clutch lever and the front brake were way too tight .
also when i pull the throttle it does n't 'click ' when it returns it 's very slow on the return .
can anyone help explain what to do or where to start so i do n't mess up my bike before i can even ride it ?
hey guys i have a level 65 marauder that i 've been looking to get into late game operations and pvp .
i also have a lot of questions about how late game gear and pvp work .
after kdp 2.0 paying per page for erotic works ranging on the ballpark of 5k .
do you put it on kdp select and get paid for page ?
or is it not worth it and just leave it as 2.99 or something and go wide to other platforms ?
i know a lot of people like to find the absolute coldest seed they can so i felt like sharing this one i found .
edit feel free to share your seeds but please put the version it works on .
the above seed works for a13 and likely will not work for past versions .
i 've found a seed with a minimum winter temp .
of 29.7 c^^o seed is cold cold cold '' ironically .
i work at a supermarket and it was quiet today .
there was a mother and her daughter going through the checkout behind me and i was out from my checkout just stacking baskets and tidying .
the little girl ran behind my register where i stand to serve normally and said i 'm a shop keeper ! ''
i grinned and asked oh are you going to work in a supermarket when you grow up ? ''
she seemed to think about that for a minute and eventually said i 'm four . ''
i just laughed and said yeah around that . ''
i 'm actually 21 but i guess that 's pretty close to 60 !
hello and please please please please please follow me this one okay ?
listen we can all agree that attack of the clones is the 5th wors movie in the series .
i 'm sure we can all vote on this order is the most accurate .
3.5 phantom menace u will see y in a min
however when looking we can see attack of the clone is belong higher than other before it .
the film gives us notice of the planet of coruscant .
for long time we know this is the centre of the empire sort of the new york of star wars .
we always want see.. chase speeder was nostalgic to a new hope but the scene give us good view of city that we imagine so much in star wars before .
okay okay okay okay please i admit its bad but think about it .
naturally luke has to have a mother and because of that we know darth vader had a woman in his life we know it is paddle ... . so listen we know when its woman die its gon na have a negative effect and contribute to overall darth vader transitions
4 fett vs kenobi wow u ca n't complain its a good scene
we hear about this many time but its nice to see in reality .
6 sword fight bad do n't like most can agree !
who know yoda use lightsaber is more mystique and appeal when yoda do n't see use lightsaber like he 's so powerful he does n't need one !
thank you for reading please let me know what you think !
i 'd check setlist.com or something but i do n't want to ruin the whole setlist when i see them in chicago .
i 'm just curious what they 've played a la fan requests .
years ago as a teenager looking for work i was talked into joining a local acting/talent agency .
of course before they could represent me i 'd need to pay them for a 12 week long training course but of course it would pay for itself easily once i was acting .
and of course dumb teenage me fell right for it .
this would all be well and good hard lesson learned and all that however as a poor teenager i 'd arranged to pay the cost of the classes a couple of thousand dollars in a series of instalments .
well as you may imagine that whole endeavour went nowhere and i went to university to study a different field soon finding myself in the poor-uni-student position of not having much money so i paused the automatic repayments figuring i 'd just start them back up when i had an income .
i 'd also had no contact with or from this agency since a single gig as an extra .
the whole thing had slipped my mind until recently when i remembered it with a feeling of dread .
i 'm not even sure i have any idea where the original documents are from that agreement .
i know how much i have left to pay because i can check how many transfers of x.xx there are to go from my bank account .
but without the original documents i 'll be searching for them hard i do n't recall if there was an agreed repayment period i do n't think so or if so if there would be any penalties for late repayments .
barely worth looking at and i get the distinct feeling in hindsight i was only talked to because they could part a dumb teenager from some cash .
as an extension of this i also in hindsight have the impression their business was a little shady .
the position i 'm in now is that i do n't know how to proceed .
i 'm scared to initiate contact with this agency again after all these years for fear that they 'll go oh you 're that guy surprise you now owe us 10,000 . ''
if they have n't contacted me about it after all this time especially after i stopped the automatic repayments though i notified them maybe they 've forgotten/do n't care .
on the other hand maybe if i just made the first move and said hey i was here years ago i owe you xxxx.xx here it is now let 's never talk again '' they might be happy to just take the money and forget about me .
tl dr owe money to a party that has n't acknowledged it for 6 years how screwed am i and how should i proceed ?
edit thanks for the advice seems like the best plan of attack here is to wait it out until the statue of limitations is up
so i 've been riding my new 48 for around a month now and i love everything about it except it totally sucks on the express way doing 65 without a windshield .
so after some research i 'm looking at the memphis shades del rey sportshield http www.revzilla.com/motorcycle/memphis-shades-del-rey-sportshield .
after further research and as an fyi to future 2016 48 owners i found that the mounting kit required at the time of this post is the dyna/softtail kit http www.revzilla.com/motorcycle/memphis-shades-sportshield-trigger-lock-mount-kit-for-harley-dyna-and-softail-06-16 since the forks were changed this year .
the awesome customer service folks at revzilla called memphis shades to confirm for me since they actually do n't list an official '' mounting kit available for my bike .
last but not least i also need to purchase the front turn signal relocation kit http www.harley-davidson.com/store/front-turn-signal-relocation-kit-pa-11-67800557 1 .
before i drop the coin here is there any reason i should n't go with this setup ?
anyone think there 's a better option cheaper or not ?
i 'd prefer to keep the bike with the leanest bare metal profile i can and honestly do n't really even want a windshield but it 's a necessity at this point .
i will be coming to iu for ms cs this fall and would like to get some advice regarding the following
1 housing i will be looking for places that are near to the school of informatics i have n't started yet .
how do i decide a place online without checking it out ?
are there any websites where people post pictures of the places they wan na rent ?
2 on campus jobs although the fee for my entire graduate study will be paid by my parents but i would like to find some on campus jobs to lessen the burden on them .
so what kind of jobs can i find there ?
i have already contacted some instructors for raship positions .
am i eligible to apply for taship positions i have taed a couple of courses during my undergraduate ?
if yes then could you point me in the right direction about where to apply ?
or any other like lab assistant in library etc etc .
and i was in silver before with 1300 elo just won my 3 placement games and this happen .
any decent guides on how to best dominate europe as austria in 1.16 would be appreciated
learning to master uv 's in my 3d software .
up till recently i did n't even bother to create any uv 's on my mesh objects before importing into unity .
most of the time at least for simpler objects the materials mapped ok .
so was just wondering what happens if there is no uv map on imported fbx mesh ?
does unity take a best guess at what the uv mapping should be or ?
i recently bought a ford 2120 and i had a question on coolant/anti-freeze .
is there a special type of coolant i should be getting for the diesel engine ?
teran allowed himself another sidelong glance at the pale form lying serenely beneath stiff cloth sheets .
the faintest suggestions of a smile danced at the edges of her cracked lips – perhaps it was a good dream one of better days .
teran had always felt as though by gazing long at women he was stealing something precious – though he had never been able to say what that thing was or from whom he might have been taking it .
surely it was a nonsensical notion after all and it was only his own prospects hurt by it .
how many nights had he spent alone because he had been unwilling to state his intentions with his gaze ?
how many women had noticed him curiosity piqued awaiting his notice only to have that curiosity wilt away though his inaction ?
teran thought that it might have been better not to dwell on such questions and he pushed them away .
they 'd return he knew like loyal yipping dogs they 'd demand his attention again soon .
still he knew it was not cowardice that stayed his feet and held his gaze lowered .
teran had hidden scars and buried medals which spoke of acts of valor but these did not readily translate to the rituals of soft embrace .
some days he was certain that there was a language or a dance that he had failed to learn .
he felt a foreigner to the vocabulary of intimacy .
teran turned his attention back to the dark world beyond the window pane before him .
though it had been hours since the setting of the sun ambient light still glowed on the edges of dozens of massive rock towers on the horizon – built perhaps by some ancient giants as grave markers – and gave weak
closer still artificial glowing white lights hung from battered storefronts and in random third-story windows where teran imagined that some denizens of this shithole were having a sleepless night .
it occurred to him that he had no idea what this place was called .
it seemed that he had known at one point perhaps even earlier this evening when he had brought his skiff to rest before what passed as a health infusion site on this fringeworld but the knowledge had wasted away within him like a frail animal on barren ground .
the world itself was called far garden on official documents and by the sweetly feminine warp arrival gate artificial intelligences who existed to let pilots who had come out to the edges of humankind that they had not left it behind entirely – a notion made more than a little ironic given that the massive gates were fully automated .
each had its own ai and a fleet of repair and maintenance drones which ensured that no matter how many vessels flashed into or out of existence within the great rings of metal and circuitry the gates would never need humans to ensure their functioning .
far garden desolate world beyond any thought of civilization .
he had after all come here to escape the snares of his previous existence .
perhaps here he would finally be safe from discovery .
his unit what little remained of it would still be searching for him he knew .
they 'd pour over gate data for every warp between zeta primus and the inner worlds but that would take time – and teran had not headed inwards .
the mysterious creature in the bed shifted and breathed in deeply .
teran glanced over to see if she was waking up .
a mixture of relief and disappointment came with the realization that she had only moved slightly beneath her uncomfortable bedding .
the smile which had been tugging at her lips before seemed to have evaporated – leaving no sign of its passing .
the nanite iv bag which hung beside her bed was long empty and teran had begun to wonder if the infusion site workers were ever intending to come back and replace it .
then again perhaps these nanites were not so outdated as the rest of this place and one iv bag would be enough to cure whatever ailments were plaguing this woman .
still teran had seen arms regrown from tiny syringes of the battle-grade nanites that the inner worlds produced .
it would be a long time before any sorcery quite so potent reached this far garden .
perhaps in this particular case a long time was the same as
it had been many hours since teran had last slept and though he was not tired he had begun to feel that familiar dull ache in his neural connector ports .
he flexed a hand instinctively it closed with the faintest of whirring sounds – so soft that it could have been mistaken for a breeze through a crack in the wall .
it would be soon time to replace the battery pack too he realized .
there was little chance that this wasteworld would have even a single such power source anywhere on its surface .
teran wondered how many warp jumps inward he 'd need to make in order to find a world with trade enough to find a battery on the black market .
no answer presented itself and so he tabled the question for another time .
the door to unconscious woman 's recovery room opened .
teran turned to see an old man in stained white robes silhouetted against the bright fluorescent hallway lights behind him .
they exchanged greetings in the way that a cashier might accept payment .
the robed man entered the room and the door shut automatically behind him .
when the glare-light dimmed teran saw that the man was very old .
his eyes looked like dull stones worn smooth by some ancient erosion .
i 'm doctor hartnel the robed man said stiff and tiredly .
now that she 's stable do you mind telling me how she came to be this state ?
i found her and another in the wastelands a day 's walk from the closest civilization.
teran continued i believe they came from a small settlement
that had been destroyed before i came upon it .
they must have fled into the wastes without thought that it too would be their death sentence.
there was a certain fortitude in the old man 's voice almost a reverence .
picking a point at random on the horizon to be his focus he spoke .
i expect that it must have been outlaw raiders that did this.
the doctor did not immediately reply but teran could see the old man 's limbs trembling as he went about examining the woman .
the silence between them lasted for more than a minute .
or perhaps it is the coming of the deep abyss.
he decided that it must be some kind of backworld mysticism and dismissed it without comment .
the doctor seemed not to wish to expound further because he soon said she 'll recover just fine .
the doctor waited in the space between the room and the hall .
what became of the other she was with ? the doctor asked .
somehow teran felt that he had missed something but he could not say what that thing might be .
there was a song that came to him then one that had been a sort of marching anthem amongst his brethren .
for some reason the memory of it was not tainted like the rest .
and so he sang that one verse to the silence .
for a moment teran imagined he could hear the appreciative laughter of his comrades echoing off the walls of the little room .
after a moment he took another look at the woman .
she gazed back at him with an odd expression on her face .
it was calm and pleasant – it made teran want to smile despite his realization that she had been listening to him sing .
the two studied each other for a few silent seconds .
kara she said then she grew suddenly somber as if she had suddenly remembered something she had forgotten .
teran felt an urge to embrace her then and tell her that everything would be alright .
will you sing for me again ? kara asked much to his surprise .
before teran could find the words to reply he found that he was .
he sang every song he knew and before long the sky outside was growing pale .
with shr moving to ford next year is there possibly a lower funded xfinity team that they could partner with to put their cup drivers in ?
i do n't love cup drivers in xfinity but it 's a reality of nascar .
they are also seemingly going to need a spot for cole custer to go .
we have a few spots open on guardiansoflight '' .
we ranked 7 last week in unicornis without even having a full 30 member party and plan to take that spot into the top 5 this week .
looking for hardcore players must be at least lv 100 login every day and give a good amount of your time to help our team out .
weekly cuts will be made if you are not keeping up with the rest of the party .
we take being a guardian seriously and we do it all in the name of riku !
so if you want to fight the darkness with us post your id in the comments and i 'll check out your profile .
does anyone have any ideas for an awards ceremony or traditions we could start ?
if its ok what settings would i want to run the evic supreme at for good results in terms of vw and vv .
kind of noobish here so sorry for any mistakes !
has there been any update on how far they are along in signing ?
i 'll wait patiently for my cdbaby order to change from unshipped ''
i have beaten the super meat bros stage by gamexplain but it feels too easy to me now .
now i am looking for meat boy-style stages to play as the only one i have yet to upload is way too hard af .
notice when trying to interpret what a super meat boy '' stage is ... just send the level to me and i 'll probably play it .
i have a unicycle that still needs to be welded but i duct taped it together for this picture .
does anyone know where i can find a giant chain to get it going ?
so after a post last night talking about my mom loving supportive trans/gay friendly all that and seeing people say i should n't worry i ended up writing a letter and giving it to her this morning while i had the courage .
and i feel like i 'm not standing in reality she acted confused worried .
asked if i was sure how i 'd never shown signs .
but said she loved me and always would and that this changes nothing .
so then why do i feel so hollow and just ... nothing i feel fear still .
what if she 's not telling the truth or changes here mind ?
edit thank you everyone so much for your replies i ca n't even say how much i appreciate the genuine kindness from you all .
i 'm going to try calming down and just give her space to process it all it 's easy to focus only on my feelings and not really give the shock she must feel any credence .
so i 'll give her space to sort this new information in her own mind .
edit 2 so with the comments you all have left in mind i gave her a call on her break and said i was sorry if i was pushy or anything this morning that i know it 's a lot to take in and told her loved her and that she was why i was living a happy life right now when i could be in a much worse palce .
and that i hoped no matter what the future holds that she would continue being by my side loving supporting and accepting .
and she said absolutely i 'm your mom after all . ''
so ... while i still feel weirdly ... out of it almost ashamed it 's nice that she still is saying that hours later .
when i make a build with xcode and test it on a device it builds the game automatically for that device but what if i want to upload the game to the appstore ?
do i need a camera script which tells the game what device it is on to scale the camera up or down ?
ok so we are moving to a 1 acre block and i would like to know the cheapest and most effective wireless solution i can get from this website www.scorptec.com.au
i havent been doing a lot of these lately because i had some irl problems ... and i also have to focus on uni but today i have a bit of free time so what 's better than spending it helping out other people ?
can also do gifs if u prefer a gif than an edited pic
comment here or on my profile when adding me so i know who you are
i 'm just doing edited ss/gif not 4k screenies .
donations are always appreciated but not needed its all free 3
i saw a gif of a white girl with big tits and pink nipples someone out of shot was smearing gold paint onto one of her tits with a large paint brush then the gif cuts to a scene of this person drizzling gold paint onto her nipples breasts fully painted .
also it looks like her hands may have been tied above her but i 'm not too sure .
the hill in her first weeks of the presidency tulsi gabbard has not been sitting still .
after granting amnesty to almost 670,000 americans that were guilty or under investigation of/for rioting and civil obedience the president went on to use the emergency influenza act to remove 5 governors those of georgia alabama north dakota florida and south carolina for severe negligence .
she also fired the head of fema and fema 's deputy director georgia region the latter who is under investigation by federal prosecutors for her mismanaged of the atlanta situation .
but the most ambitious of her actions is the reconstruction act of 2025 .
the act which was introduced in the house by dana wash d 14th ca would open up over 7 trillion in funds to effectively restart the american economy .
the act has provisions for the return of refugees relocation reconstruction of infrastructure rebuilding of houses benefits and support for law enforcement and healthcare workers and lawsuit coverage .
there are sections for the reburying of deceased from mass graves foreclosures on houses of deployed national guardsmen reparations to foreign zoo 's who 's loaned animals have died during the crisis .
on the other side of the aisle the republicans are furious .
it is no secret that this act will balloon the deficit a deficit that has returned after four good years even though taxes will significantly be raised to accommodate this spending .
the u.s. treasury has been busy obtaining negative real interest rates on government debt in an effort to decrease u.s. debt .
at the same time buyers for notes bills and bonds are sought in order to replace the prc .
the treasury is also searching for inheritances and next of kin of deceased debt holders in an effort to show that buying u.s. bonds notes and bills is a safe investment .
harsher restrictions on banks have been put in place including raising bank reserve requirements converting from fractional reserve banking to something that looks more like full reserve banking .
funding for defense and foreign policy spending is also guaranteed by the reconstruction act in a move that my be construed as appeasement for the republicans .
education spending levels set by the trump administration will also be continued as soon as possible .
when i can control things and stick to regimens it is better .
this week is my last week at my current job because they are cutting people .
the feeling of helplessness and uncertainty is crippling me .
just wanting an encouraging word from others who understand how i feel .
a new study on older adults has linked higher indoor temperatures to larger waists and lower indoor temperatures to slimmer waists .
turning off the heat during the winter months may help dieters stay slim or lose weight according to a new study that examines waist circumference in older adults .
the scientists behind the study say that the latest research which links higher indoor temperatures to larger waists and lower indoor temperatures to slimmer waists is important because waist circumference has been linked to hypertension heart disease and diabetes .
lead researcher dr. keigo saeki and his team said that their findings may be explained by thermogenesis which is when the body generates heat .
body heat generation in brown fat helps burn calories .
previous studies linked brown fat to higher metabolism and better blood sugar control .
although cold exposure may be a trigger of cardiovascular disease our data suggest that safe and appropriate cold exposure may be an effective preventive measure against obesity '' said keigo saeki of nara medical university school of medicine department of community health and epidemiology nara japan .
i played a few games against an ember spirit and as soon as he gets battlefury game gets really hard for me .
one slight of fist takes away a third or even half of my hp and i do n't usuallly get a lot of regen or lifesteal as weaver .
this means i ca n't really fight a lot of the time because ember continues to sleight of fist and i am in constant danger of dying .
i get there is this box and all which can travel in time and space but do we really need to travel in time and space ?
the rules are time travel requires me to put down my phone/laundry/vibrator and actually follow the plot so do n't make me .
and do n't even get me started on the paradoxes .
there should be some logic and science in doctor who .
did you say that there are actual paradoxes in science and logic in real life ?
well this is not the kind of science and logic i can get on board with .
what kind of person ca n't resolve a paradox ?
rtd built a machine called the paradox machine he did n't explain it either but it said paradox and machine so i assumed it resolved the paradox .
i will use this opportunity to announce something in the comment .
i 'm posting on a throwaway for important reasons .
the users of the sub i 'm talking about are known for stalking and digging up dirt on people who call them out and the amount of connections in their modmail means slander can spread pretty fast through the meta-sphere .
so today i 'm looking for as much of an explanation as i can get about r/dickgirls .
from what i 've aware it was created by the infamous troll u/laurelais_hygiene and is some sort of modmail sub for the meta subreddits run and managed by the r/subredditcancer and r/srssucks people like 28danslater formerly dawn-of-the-dan goatsac and nechaev .
the first two have secured themselves mod positions on r/tumblrinaction giving them quite a bit of influence which given what other subs they mod pretty much a who 's who of terrible shock subs on reddit is kind of a scary prospect .
looking through their insanely huge mod list for their chat i can spot a ton of different groups
• the aforementioned src crew also including infamous multi-shadowbanned racist troll krustykoonkrackers who also mods tons of awful subs and quite a few other awful people
• the old gameoftrolls r/circlefuckers people like missmurrr who i think used to be heavily involved with this subreddit
• a ton of meta reddit/srd/circlejerk people as well as power mods who run multiple large or even default subs like godofatheism t_dumbsford who mods a lot of 28danslater 's awful subs but seems to be a regular moderator on his off time solaraquarion xvvhiteboy tortoisesex creep_the_night kijafa and pyrowolf8
• many hate sub mods and racists like drapetomania and jenkemjoe fairly sure the r/european and ct mods used to be in here they change out their mod list daily it seems
all the info i could find on this place suggests it 's some sort of massive drama chatroom clusterfuck run by the src guys .
but the connections between disgusting people like them hate sub mods and mainstream power mods is ... disconcerting to say the least .
a fair bit of users here seem to be familiar with them and may have even been in their mod mail or spoken to their users .
can anyone provide an explanation and solution if there is a problem they pose to the goal of eliminating hate subs ?
i know i should n't be shocked but fucking really ?
a stalberg moore lindberg line would be fan fucking tastsic .
glass is a nice guy and a great locker room guy but there is no reason he needs to be played over lindberg
i have been diagnosed with ocd and have been medicated and in therapy for a long time .
i have a few obsessions and have run through the standard hocd bdd and a few others .
however i have recently found myself in a situation where i stumbled across some transsexual pornography and ever since then i have been in an eternal battle of what to do .
i have usually been able to dismiss things like hocd as there has never been a groinal response but now i have a huge turn on caused by transsexual woman .
i honestly cant tell if i am legitimately attracted to them or it is my ocd .
i have a long term gf and as we progress further and further into our relationship it is tearing me more and more apart .
i am scared if i broke up with her she would out me as a gay i am even just upset with the fact that breaking up will destroy her .
we get along so well but she has a really low libido and is quite sheltered so i often have to masturbate and then my anxiety flairs up and it ruins my day usually once i have finished it gets much better but it still haunts me and plagues my everyday thoughts .
lastly i have asked a few people elsewhere online and they say that because my pornography habits have been getting more and more obscure normal bizarre hardcore anal trans i actually not only have ocd but also a porn addiction which is whats fuelling this .
i have been addicted to many drugs in my time including nicotine weed alcohol and amphetamines so maybe this has to do with my highly compulsive mind and my addictive personally .
yet another message received about going into maintenance in 5 minutes .
so we get a maintenance just about everyday now ?
i 'm really tired with this patch because enough is enough .
and for the idiots in here saying and for the people believing them next patch wo n't be big just some balances and things like this '' well how the fuck can some people say that ?
we have pretty much the same patch for like 5 months already if i 'm not mistaken .
how do you think this game is being kept alive ?
with hats or new heroes which we never get ?
valve knows that players feel '' that yet people actually can say this shit ...
anyway i do n't feel like playing dota at the moment because it really feel to me like it has been more than enough and a time for a new patch has come .
i 'm sure that the patch wil be very big with a completely other meta .
what i 'm not sure is when it will come .
i really hope and want it to come in the next 4 days maximum .
tl dr hope for patch to come very soon like in the next 4 days .
it has been more than enough of the current one .
and i 'm 100 sure patch will be very big people should n't worry about that .
what would you guys look for in a completely hypothetical heavy support ?
a tug/recovery ship made for either yanking light ships that are outgunned out of the frying pan or getting heavier ships into position faster .
hardy enough to help hold the frontline whilst throwing area buffs and close range heals .
would have a harpoon variant to pull friendlies into the repair zones .
i 'm more than happy to flesh these out below
i really would like to know what concealer to try next .
i usually have problems with concealers that they crease and emphasise my fine lines which i really dont like .
i have tried the missha under eye brightner with really bad results and now i am using klairs with a little better result but i still would like something better .
i was thinking of trying the skinfood salmon one next .
does anyone have a golden product from korea och japan ?
soundcard asus xonar dgx http www.newegg.com/product/product.aspx ? item=9sia1n82835448 cm_re=xonar_dgx-_-29-132-052-_-product currently not being used .
i would like a snoo of the character ryoma from fire emblem fates birthright .
thank you so much in advance and have a nice day .
after several requests i have decided to go ahead and take all of my wonderful overhauls and mods and merge them together into one seamless package .
for those of you who want all of these but do n't want a massive load order this compilation is for you !
i will also be packaging all of the information found on the nexus into an easy to read .pdf file so everything is in one place .
i am naming this all-in-one package requiem behind the curtain showing you all of the information for better character building and planning .
for details of what each mod does please visit the nexus and read the main page .
feel free to leave your suggestions ideas or concerns below .
thank you to everyone who has supported my ideas and contributed to them .
just for fun i want to share a picture of my high elf dark sovereign character from the tamriel vault skyrim character building http tamrielvault.com/group/character-building/forum/topics/character-build-the-dark-sovereign website .
with these mods i 've been able to build my long time favorite build the dark sovereign scroll down to see his entry https www.reddit.com/r/skyrimrequiem/comments/4eay34/the_characters_cast_of_requiem_vol_8 .
hideo itami this cocky s.o.b who just stuffs the fuck out of you .
he will let the ref count more than five he do n't give a shit .
this bastard will keep kicking you on the stretcher till security stops him .
this guy just screams to me wear a mask '' .
comes out a kennel with chains all over his body .
each member has a neat robe and a wig .
there are multiple criteria i 'd like people to address but feel free to also add other reasons why you think and/or is better .
i 'm new to reddit so i 'm gon na be trying this forum out .
i used to be on the eso forums but they 're really uptight there and ca n't take any jokes .
is there a way to change the color scheme for this forum ?
i prefer a white background of a black background on forums .
something pretty weird has happened to me twice in a row and once a while ago .
i 'm sunbroing vordt now and on one summon the host 's animations were lock .
he just kinda floated around doing things and summoned another player .
the host went through the fog gate but the two of us could n't .
i could barely see him through the gate both his and vordt 's animations were locked so i bced out .
i stick around though and see the other summon go through after being locked out a while so i try and get through .
the host is still animation-locked other phantom is fighting something that ai n't there in my instance .
so i head to the gate that triggers the vordt spawn ... and he appears but he 's animation-locked too .
so we slaughter him and i get my medal .
so ... if you run into this be aware that you can work around it and still get your sunbling .
i go to autopia.com and collinite insulator wax the first thing on their page and a lot of people recommended it yesterday in a maintenance thread on r/cars .
i 've used quite a few different waxes for about 10 years of auto detailing a bunch of different carnaubas but mostly meguiar 's waxes from their purest m-16 wax and their cleaner wax and their newest polymer blends and gold class carnauba wax .
is it just a nice sealant that detailers can use in bulk ?
ok i am new to plex and reddit but i cant manage to get the absolute series scan to pop up when i use the hama agent as such http i.imgur.com/wkutdx4.png any help is appreciated
the immortals is podcast that reviews every week one of the 1001 movies you must see before you die .
in 22 episodes they have had lengthy discussions over paris texas hoop dreams the man who fell to earth ashes and diamonds bigger than life closely watched trains and the ice storm .
we 'd love to hear more about what you think of these as well !
as i type this i am sitting in an empty boss room with his health still at half hp .
this is the second time he has bugged out in a row .
the first was when he cloned himself and only one of his clones remained and was invincible when he got down to a sliver of health .
mildly frustrating as i 've now wasted two embers only to have to either die or homeward bone to restart the fight .
both times i summoned gon na see if he bugs out solo in a minute .
so far the easiest and the hardest boss i 've faced yet .
edit alright well he 's dead however he seems to work as intended solo .
idk what it is about summoning but he gets real buggy with other people in your game .
a year ago one of my bridesmaids was diagnosed with lupus .
she transitioned into a quasi vegan diet occasionally she falls back to old foods from before she was sick as a way of mitigating some of the symptoms that go along with the disease .
since i know a vegan diet is not always easy i wanted to get her something either to cook or cook with that would make it easier for her .
i thought they were for boring people can someone tell me what happens at them .
35 year old bi switch guy here who is kind of bored and not too sure what he wants today .
i have been in the lifestyle for the better part of 17 years .
i came into the lifestyle convinced i was a sub after a couple years i met several partners who brought out the dom side of me .
and after couple more years of back and forth i finally just settled that i was a switch .
i have had many lovely partners on both sides of the fence and met some great people throughout the years .
outside of kinky things i love photography writing reading video and board games plus many other nerdy pursuits .
well i am pretty darn open to just about anything .
i consider myself a try-sexual and will try most things at least once .
i have discovered that i am more than a bit of a sadist with a penchant for impact items such as paddles floggers and my hands .
i am a bit of a wuss when it comes pain inflicted on me however but do n't let that stop you from letting out your own inner sadist .
i also love rope bondage both tying and being tied .
some of my kinks depend on my partner so if you have one you would like to share please ask .
basically as long as it does n't involve scat diapers vomit smoking animals underage mutilation gore and snuff i am pretty open to it just ask !
as i said earlier i am not too sure what or who i want to find today .
i am open to all cummers whether you be male female transgendered sissy martian dom sub switch or whatever .
however be forewarned guys i tend to be primarily submissive with men .
want to just get to the good dirty bits ?
i am more than happy to answer any questions .
my history has a wide swath of prompts i have posted about in the past .
if you see one you like tell me what you like about it .
i am here for about the next hour or two but will reply to most as soon as i can get to them after that .
you have to wait one hour for a 3 minute ride .
after suffering from the beggar in bloodborne i 'm wondering if anything bad will happen if send the thief out to pillage .
i do n't want to know what 'll happen just if i 'll regret it if i do .
if npcs end up dying i 'd rather not go through with it .
i 'm assuming i can get some decent items but will there be a consequence ?
i drive a '97 camry no discernible front end issues it doesnt pull or shake .
my oneplus one is not opening and fastboot screen is not opening ..pleas some one help me
while i expected some issues as promised with the new app i did not expect to have no access to my account throughout the whole day .
since i was unable to make my lunch purchases on my mobile app i chose to go to the tullys coffee stand in my office complex and buy lunch and coffee there through our employee payroll deduction program .
i loved the tullys coffee and thank you starbucks for causing me to seek an alternative .
i 'm an undergraduate researcher at the university of texas and am currently working on a experiment where i need to increase production of beta-lactamase .
i need to swap out my promoter for a stronger one but am having trouble finding reliable sources for promoter sequences .
so far all i have been able to find are the consensus sequences for the promoters i 'd like to use .
i 've tried using igems website but there is a lack of documentation that makes me skeptical about wasting time on using their promoter sequences .
say that blizzard just up and decided to pull the plug on wow .
all that time you currently put into wow ... what would you do with all that time ?
atm i 'm trying to decide which weapon to use i have the deep axe from the mimic upgraded to 3 and the scythe from thecrow hollows in road of sacrifice 3 too .
atm deep axe does more damage even when infusing the scythe with the gem that balances str and dex ends up with b in both .
the scythe does have a bleed effect but i 'm not sure how useful this is against normal enemies and bosses .
the axe does n't seen to scale with any stats atm .
i like both movesets but i feel that if i go with the scythe i 'll be gimping myself since its slower and seems to do less damage .
they have been replaced by team hit it and crit it '' from the waitlist .
they have been replaced by team inkyghosts '' from the waitlist .
looking for m9 marble fades kara fades m9 crimson mw kara tts stuff like that
let me preface this by saying we replaced the dishwasher in our new home because the old one also did n't clean well and i 'm wondering up front if it 's the water here and/or temperature and/or detergent although we have tried and changed a number of things .
at the time of purchasing the reviews were mixed reviews now are mostly crap but i 'm not real happy about rolling 600 to the curb and chance another .
we have had some of the issues people now gripe about in the reviews with the racks and stuff breaking even had a service call and the pump replaced when we were not getting clean dishes and it sometimes smelled of sewer .
to be honest the repair people did n't know what they were doing and it did n't appear to fix anything although not as bad as before .
but too often i get frustrated with grains of sand on random dishes usually glasses .
we basically check everything visually and run a hand over it before we put away .
makes no sense one glass will look like a beach the next one clean .
it 's almost always glass ceramic not metal or plastic .
i 'm trying to think of everything ahead of time so i do n't get the same questions over and over like i do when i complain to a friend
water pressure and temp are fine 140 degrees from the tap
we use name brand pods finish jet dry rinse agent and cascade complete powers away stuck on food '' as a pre wash .
our water is not terribly hard but we do not have a whole house filter or water softener .
we run in on normal auto and heavy with no real difference noted .
i 'm not what the world wants in a person and nothing 's ever going to change that .
meditation medication therapy believe me i 've tried it all .
after more than a decade i think i 'm realizing that i know what i want .
i 've thought more about methods and logistics for this than most people think of love .
face it me leaving this life is n't going to make one iota of difference to any of you or anyone else out there .
every response i see here is nothing more than people terrified of that reality and trying to deny it every which way .
i 'm interested in learning more about the time between 1890 and 1920 so i 've been going through the recommended reading for that time period on progressivism .
the notes for search for order '' say it 's outdated but what has been more frustrating for me is the lack of citations .
several commends wiebe makes leave me wanting to do some background research but the bibliographic essay '' at the end is n't really that helpful .
honestly i 'm surprised this book is in the list with un-cited comments like theodore roosevelt of unloving traits who loved killing human beings ''
that all said i am also more interested in the micro-cosm of life at that time than i am macro studies .
i 've been craving it lately and would love to hear your recipes .
i have a motog 3rd gen since today afternoon the wifi and the bluetooth have refused to turn on everytime i click on the icon it is either unresponsive or turns on for a second and goes off again this is for both the wifi and the bluetooth tried restarting the phone a couple of times didnt work anyone else face this issue ?
anyone can recommend a bar to watch the game ?
are the ones on 5th avenue by barclays usual bars for isles fans ?
usually just hangout at my place but this is playoffs .
i had to give up my dream job for my family .
i 've always wanted to work for them and i would 've been doing what i loved .
but they offered me too little money and i could n't take the job .
instead i moved to texas for a different job and my family is much happier because we can now afford a nice house where all my kids have their own bedroom .
they have new friends and they 're loving it .
but i sacrificed my dream job for them and i think about it a lot .
but i miss my friend i 'd be working with and i miss the job i could 've had .
i 'm glad they 're happy and i know i should be happy too .
but i still think about that awesome job i gave up and i 'm not sure they care how i feel about it .
suppose someone were to go into brazil a month before the olympics started with a month and a half of visa left .
would the visa waiver for the summer automatically kick in so that they could stay legally through the summer without going to immigration ?
and at the end of the summer would the visa waiver time count against the original tourist visa ?
any chance that tourist visa could be extended at immigration for another 90 days ?
i bought two shares of uwti around 18 now they 're worth 25 should i keep them or sell them while i 'm up ?
gently worn shoes are in great condition and come with og laces box and shoe trees .
only flaw is some yellowing on sole due to age .
you can see additional pics and my feedback there http marketplace.solecollector.com/sneakers/marketplace/410051/air-jordan-xi-white-black-dark-concord .
my friend is moving to another state and is rehoming his three snakes .
two are a bonded pair he 's going to sell but the third is an adult male ball python he is giving to me .
i have wanted a snake for a long time .
i have plenty of space in my home and am already collecting supplies for its vivarium .
my friend is a long-time snake owner who 's giving me lots of advice and a few supplies as well as a snake-keeping book but i am still open to any tips to help my new snake be healthy and happy .
low long enclosure with locking lid to keep humidity and snake inside
there was a song from the build ups to the taker v shane match which i quite enjoyed but i am unable to find it .
i believe it went something like you think im just gon na lay down and die '' duuh du duh
if anyone can help find it that would be great .
it was used a few times so i 'm sure somebody knows .
this is ridiculous i filed at the end of february .
i received a letter last week saying that they wanted documentation to supplement my identity .
so i have sent in two alternate forms of id .
now still waiting a week later to receive the refund in my checking account .
does anyone else see a common theme with the efficiency of dc programs ?
i did a part year resident taxes for va and dc and received my va refund 2 days after requesting .
on top of that every time i try and call the dc office of tax and revenue office i am faced with long wait times 20 min and my call is dropped or i am not even able to get a call in as the lines are too busy .
i have finally reached the double figure mark on my streak .
i am more patient more energetic and more optimistic than i have ever been in the past ...
i am reclaiming my position in life and i am becoming better day by day ... as i defeat each and every urge ... i am moving forward and i am not going to stop ... thank you so much everyone ... it would n't had been possible without your support and inspiration..keep strong and keep moving forward
looking to show a buddy at work cause i was laughing my ass off but i ca n't seem to find it .
have any of you guys worked in gym membership sales ?
looking for any advice specific to closing membership sales .
essentially we tour anyone who comes into the gym .
i ask many questions during the tour to see which benefits of our premium membership are going to be beneficial to the prospect and then have them sit at a table while i go over our class schedule and try to close .
what i 'm struggling with the most is certain rebuttals .
i 'm not sure i 'm ready to commit to a year-long agreement . ''
i 'd just like to do the free trial to try things out first . ''
if you are doing 170k dps with say 60k health and 15k skillpower but only 175 gearscore ... .what does a higher gearscore with same stats mean ?
i plan on paying her back with 1-3 years but do not know how taxes work on this money she is giving me .
do i have to pay taxes on all of it we both live in the usa ?
and once i pay her back does she have to pay taxes on it also ?
is the long pass coach with 1 spectacular better or the man defense coach with 1 man coverage ?
and is there a noticeable difference between the 60 and 90 man defense style boost ?
i 'm wanting to get my hands on a nexus 6 or better here local .
i do n't have a lot of money so i 'd be looking mostly at trades .
i 'm into vape stuff so i have some stuff that might interest people .
in the books murtaugh knows claire came through the stones see the exile .
it 's never mentioned in dia or any of the other main books jamie and claire never knew he knew .
of course we have seen in previews that murtaugh will know during season 2 that claire is from the future .
i 'm wondering if they will weave in that he already knew about her coming through the stones .
it seemed to hint at it during s2e1 when he grills them on why they want to deceive everyone about the jacobite rebellion .
or maybe i 'm just reading too much into it because it would be awesome if they weave this bit of the story from the exile into it .
another noob question but what is the point and how do i do it ?
if you know of any good youtube videos let me know !
from what i 'm seeing this is only an issue on the xbox one and even then it only appears to effect a small percentage of players .
it has also been going on since ds2 sotfs .
if you do n't know what i 'm talking about basically what it is is that when logging into the game we can never get past the retrieving latest calibrations '' screen and the only way we can play the game is in offline mode .
there have already been some posts on this subreddit asking for solutions to the problem but sadly there does n't seem to be any and bandai namco do n't really seem to give a shit .
they did offer a solution '' saying we need to change our network settings and do some port forwarding and crap like that but even then some people are saying that still does n't work for them .
and we should n't have to do that anyways because the problem is n't on our end .
so anyways i already bought the game for xbox one but i 'm wondering if there 's any way i can return the game and purchase it for ps4 instead ?
it 's already been opened and all that stuff so that will make it more difficult but fuck i want to play online that 's half the reason i even got the game .
i know some of the stories will fail but i 'm hoping i can at least learn from it and maybe mirror some of the conflict/character development in a different setting later on if that 's what made it fail in the first place .
these crooks in the us do n't get taxed on free money .
the majority if not all of those master '' fishers are using bots .
knock knock ... hello my name is elder derp and i would like to share with you the most amazing book ''
to me its the same as walking into a bar and seeing a group of the opposing teams fans .
when that happens to me i find someplace else to watch the game that night .
i certainly would n't invite them to come out with me especially since they are strangers .
r/baseball is the place for casual banter on games not the teams sub .
maybe this instagram https www.instagram.com/p/bct49akavni has more meaning behind it than it seems ?
your book was one of the resources i used in making an automated system https www.reddit.com/r/python/comments/4edpl0/how_do_you_use_python_to_automate_tasks_in_life/d207cnf for executing tests here at work mostly in the final processing and data-finishing stage making a form that was easily usable by anyone .
i sort of wish we could revert to the old maps .
sure there are a few things about them that i hated with all of my soul those motherfucking potholes on tyhonium canyon for a start but if we left those out it would be great
also you forgot the numbers so this didnt even tag me
go try it you 'll be surprised how easy it is relative to how magical it appears .
that was really good it all comes down to what it usually comes down to if people trust you they 'll bust their ass for you .
obviously no one should be calling people 's children .
but i just checked the list and no one is posting kids contact info or names or anything like that .
and in this country it is not only permissible to question our leaders it 's our responsibility ! ''
it also depends on how much of the battery you 're charging .
if you 're just recharging after a 20-30 mile roundtrip to work the charge will be pennies .
if you 're recharging after a 200 mile leg then you get into dollars per charge .
it 's more useful to think of the cost per mile .
my electric rate here is 10.5 cents per kwh and i usually can drive about 3.5-4.0 miles per kwh of electricity .
so my cost per mile is about 2.7 cents per mile .
i 'm going to assume an average gas price of 2/gallon and assume that you can average 40mpg in your car .
these are both a stretch for most people unless you drive a prius and gas prices are depressed .
this scenario ends up being 5.0 cents per mile or almost double the cost of driving electric .
given that gas prices will inevitably be headed back upward and that most people probably average more like 15-25mpg driving on electrons is a lot cheaper .
the usa has evolved into nothing more than a pyramid scheme and most of you are on the bottom tier .
... a pyramid of people only works when the base rungs of the pyramid allow others to climb on top of them and then others to climb on top of them and so on .
to break the pyramid the people at the bottom can choose to leave causing the pyramid to crumble .
yupp and they choose an option like the item is defective so they dont have to pay return costs .
i dont think his account ever got banned though ?
like how much would you have to return because i assume he returned in the neighborhood of like 20 things
if schaub wants to prove something he has to get someone other than his touchbutt buddy rogan to do it .
that would be like me proving i am the smartest and most handsome boy alive and having my mother back up my claims .
when you find the clip go back and listen to what rogan says ...
he has no idea what he is looking at .
schaub very well have made 6 figures at some point or another but the paperwork he showed jr had no break down of potential signing bonuses deferred payments personal appearances etc etc .
he didnt prove anything when it came to himself .
he proved even less when it comes to fighters who werent on tuf with kimbo the most watched season iirc and have since established mini media empires .
pants did his video when runeglaive was the jungle item .
runic echoes is sooo much more better and is what 's allowed zyra jungle to become viable .
i just do n't understand his kit or his playstyle .
like i 'm ad but i use boxes and my ult for ap damage ?
and why do i build like some weird bruiser adc ? ?
it 's certainly not the greatest in humbleness that 's for sure .
this one muslim dude at my uni said so . ''
dean delray was mad i did n't laugh and asked 'if i laughed in the inside to let it out ' or some shit like that .
whitney cummings called me a 'west hollywood gay ' for saying 'no ' when she asked if i liked football .
we met and he realized it was like the 4th time in 2 months i was in the crowd so he goes on about how i know all the jokes and he tries to make new ones asks me from time to time after a joke if i had heard it .
i love being in the front at the comedy store .
i do n't heckle or talk out of turn .
but when they ask a question for their crowd work i always answer quickly and get their attention .
jimmy carr has a heckle amnisty in his shows .
i got my perfect heckle when i see him next week in la .
got ta get there early to be in the front rows .
what about a chili cheese burrito chili cheese fritos ?
could n't have said it better but this rhetoric seems to be spreading though
i asked in an email and was told it is a temporary buff .
6 then people with shit credit would not be able to afford inflated housing prices .
i will not go back for science which i love .
that is what happens when a community is destroyed from the top down .
shea a fiscal republican weather she likes it or not .
there is a reason he is saying '' one batch two batch penny and dime '' everytime before he starts killing .
one batch two batch penny and dime '' actually was his daughter 's favourite book .
frank used to read that book to his daughter every night before he fought overseas as a marine .
when he returned home his daughter pleaded for him to still read her the book .
he was too tired and promised he 'd do it the next night but the next day was when his family was murdered and he never got to read her the book again .
so the saying one batch two batch penny and dime '' is to remind himself why he is doing this to take down the scums that killed his family .
http images4.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20110321012638/halo/images/c/c2/m831_warthog_troop_carrier.jpg would be so useful for warzone assault .
it sounded like he said that when you leave a planet it goes back into the to re-procedurally generate '' bin meaning all the walking around and exploring you did just got erased .
the gpu/cpu has to regenerate the geometry because it does n't keep it in memory but there 's no reason the changes you made could n't be stored separately and be re-applied if you or someone else returned to the planet .
it is a very real grey area even in the states there 's places that classify drawings as child porn and others that are completly fine with it and while i agree with your sentiment when or comes to business i suppose you really ca n't cover your ass enough
how far do i have to travel for dinner ?
you typically can not get into places like children 's museums or playplaces without a kid .
my guess is this guy has a kid there and the kid either brought his favorite alien or won it there and the dad just through it in the bjorn so he did n't have to hold it .
the alien is wearing a tie dye hoody and 2. the guy 's haircut .
i 'm going with total weirdo on this now .
especially loved the geralt of rivia riff near the end .
let 's be honest with ourselves people are defending her '' .
if it was a him '' you 'd hear crickets for miles .
she 's probably on tinder not to match but to '' '' make a point '' '' ''
dude that sucks a few years ago i picked up a new car and we had only been home 30 minutes from the dealer when the hail gods smote the hell out of it .
i hope they are able to do pdr and get her good as new .
i had never thought of that possible symbolism before .
as a bi-racial person myself that 's an interesting perspective .
sounds like some stuff on your circuit board is coming undone you might be fucked .
be gentle with it that 's all you can do .
lewis ' greatest fiction convincing american kids that they would like turkish delight http www.atlasobscura.com/articles/cs-lewis-greatest-fiction-convincing-american-kids-that-they-would-like-turkish-delight
i do n't have any experience with the ak platform .
target priority tends to come down to experience but there are a couple things that you can fall back on
determine which ship is easiest for your squad to destroy .
determine which ship is worth the most squad points .
is your opponent 's list boned if he loses 1 ship ?
what needs to survive and what needs to die ?
soontir fel is not the answer to 2 or 3 despite what you think .
brobots killing c first is usually the right call .
late game if its whatever you have vs ig88-c that boost evade 3 agility will be very tough to beat .
palp aces killing vader first is usually the right call .
vader does a ton of damage through his action efficiency .
soontir fel is nearly impossible to kill in any normal game and lambda space cows are easy to clean up in the late game .
they hit just as hard as a healthy ship .
granted you should n't sacrifice your squad just to chase it down but you should be prioritizing by what you can kill either this turn or the next .
stresshog poe stresshog is usually best unless poe is uncharacteristically being aggressive .
tl dr if you had to give 2 rules to help out your daughter i 'd simplify it to
what are they protecting keeping out of the fight ?
if they are protecting it they do n't want to lose it .
posts like this are why no one takes feminists seriously .
fair enough but if the implications trivialize car ownership that 's not a really great barometer for anything .
so is weighing in the effects of losing a car wash when we should be talking about the ramifications of increasing density .
populating this particular site is concerning because nobody has truly thought through this density stuff .
it makes the most financial sense for them to make a zombies only map pack .
she 's not wrong as he really should start with a new girlfriend .
source i am happily married to the same person since '87 .
you know it 's true when it starts to hurt the moneypeople and suddenly everybody is trying to play dumb .
because let 's face it just about anybody with money uses shell companies .
if they still go by real time that means he is 39
maschine looks incredibly fun but would n't even know what the hell to do with it once i unbox it .
or i can just hook my headphones in and play with it separate from my laptop ?
compared to the majority of the last two years and considering it was on clay ?
yeah i tired using my wireless astros once or twice and was just not nearly as comfortable as the earbuds .
just hate having to do the balancing act with the controllers headphones and hmd when using over ear .
if you think kimbo vs dada is the pinnacle of mma then you do n't belong watching the sport .
where are the flame threads when the desk makes silly mistakes ?
this is not even a mistake it 's a misunderstanding .
there 's even a comment already suggesting she got her job because she 's an asian girl .
if you do n't think gender plays a big role when it comes to flaming read this https www.theguardian.com/technology/2016/apr/12/the-dark-side-of-guardian-comments .
india still makes and uses bren guns in reserve applications .
recommended hand tool contact sales as tool needs to be modified upon purchase ''
and being apologetic and bringing up tb 's completely unrelated cancer because i correctly pointed out that he overlooked something and blamed the company for the wrong thing good job really .
people like you are what the community here needs tb would be so proud .
message/compose ? to=/r/askwomen subject=why+was+this+removed ? message my+comment https www.reddit.com/r/askwomen/comments/4eg6gq/what_is_your_opinion_about_undocumented_immigrants/d204syk was+removed+and+i+do+not+understand+the+reason+given+by+the+mod+who+removed it .
honestly i feel like it 's neither interesting as filming or concept .
from a cinematography stand point it is unique barring to youtube short when a badass gets a gopro '' but .
it seems like a way to alienate virtually everyone with known motion sickness .
also the movie doom '' back in 2005 tried this for it 's end action sequence it was met with very mixed review .
the concept seems to be born from the thought 'cod ' and 'battlefield ' are popular fps games maybe we can capitalize on that in a movie ... ''
his twitter at least a couple years ago was fucking hilarious .
i 'm sorry but how can that be an excuse ?
what if some players got bugged after doing the incursion the first time and could n't ever do it again and get loot to drop ?
also why putting one in the mouth of the dragon pit if we are already doing it ?
hypocritical people wan na believe what they wan na believe at any time with no logical basis .
unbiased people weigh every situation and then make a decision which is ever changing .
bug ancient does not retain his scale after blood lust wears off
you can find nsfw in instagram facebook youtube etc etc will apple pull them off too ?
i had about 30 yesterday only 6 today cause stupid texas stops selling booze at midnight and stupid me spent all his money .
if you 're being given assignments and no training on how to complete them then that 's a failure whether it 's in college or in the working world . ''
no one in their right mind would stay at a job where they are expected to teach themselves everything about the position and college students should n't be expected to primarily teach themselves either .
yes students should be given links/resources for help outside of the classroom but if the lessons are not actually educating anyone ... what 's the point again ?
a bad teacher is about as effective as a bad manager .
thanks for sharing brother has given me some good reflections on my own journey .
somehow you just made me realize i 'm not enjoying the process like i should and trying to jump to a destination .
i could have sworn it was just 4 threads last time i was comparing xeons .
i 'd kill for a jak x combat racing reboot .
i can still hear the opening music in my head .
for pve i use groot 2 lvl 30 iron fist 2 lvl 30 and spider-man 2 lvl 30 .
for pvp i take out groot and put in black widow 3 lvl 29 .
although i hope to replace her with ant-man in the next few days .
how the hell do you make a book on meditation anti-semitic ?
and since when is the anti defamation league a reliable source in what is actually anti-semitic ?
i was disappointed with f4 steering away from what actually made the franchise an rpg .
there was just too much linear repetition and the vanilla survival mode was a joke .
with that said it is n't a terrible game by itself .
if it came out under a different title/developer brand spanking new i 'm sure it would n't have been ridiculed as much .
it was the risky shifts in bethesda 's game design choices that perpetuate the negative criticism .
because he does n't cater to our every whim he should n't be allowed to profit from the millions of other people who enjoy his work ?
i 'm not a fan of the direction he 's steered the dune universe but to say that he should n't be allowed to do so because we do n't want him to is just arrogant .
learn what a summary is and do it right or do n't unless you want to hear about it .
yeah this was back when i was young and stupid .
no one crashed chasing me not super hard roads but lots of turns but eventually one of the guys came looking for me which took the fun out of it
i often see stuff i want only in the eu warehouse .
i loved that canary cry too much better than what we had on arrow .
no because if it was 0.10 it would be 0.10 and 1.10 which would equal 1.20
you ca n't build that stuff based off knowing the concepts from minecraft is what i 'm saying .
but yes minecraft is a great way for people to get the concepts .
go through every weight class in raw and single ply .
how many of the biggest squats are high bar ?
the half penny makes sense considering people would regularly cut up coins for small purchases .
what if the standard and wild season do n't start on the same day ?
a lot of people have been complaining that the first week each season is unfun and unplayable .
if standard season starts and ends one week earlier than wild people who want to could also try and push high legend on both ladders without negleting the other format
i could beat garnet but the condition would be that ruby just found out sapphire broke ruby 's heart in a most horrific and terrible way and their relationship was now ruined but sapphire could n't bear the idea of living without ruby so she holds the fusion together against ruby 's will so garnet would just be the embodiment of pain and heartbreak thus becoming unable and unwilling to retaliate at all .
i feel like you are correct but saying it incorrectly .
true swiss events find an eventual winner based on number of rounds/participants .
swiss events with an added top cut create the problem you addresses .
the issue is n't swiss the issue is swiss forced into top cuts .
digital drum kits have their uses to be sure .
great for somebody who wants to practice but ca n't be loud .
maybe it 's just because i 'm a drummer but as soon as i hear fake drums trying to sound real on a record i immediately think amateur hour .
if you want a clearly electronic sound on the record though that 's different .
i 'm just saying you ca n't fake an acoustic kit .
you 're right only if beastmode is n't unstoppable .
carrol should have gave him the ball and let him win it
just had a good pass minutes ago and got nothing .
no audio yet i can hear the high pitched squealing from here .
i miss this game and if they complete the sc ii arcade mod which is this done in sc ii 's engine i will definitely play it again .
necromancer was and is my main character simply because of the army of skeletons .
i 'm really sorry to hear about your grandpa .
i never had grandparents so i envy your love and relationship you had with him .
it hurts now but he will always be with you .
also unless your manager is a piece of shit he or she should be ok with it .
and i already found someone who wants to adopt it .
on the past paper science section the c3 2015 paper and mark scheme are the wrong way around .
i have had 2 reo grands 2 sunbox e7s and that 's it .
i am planning a dna200 squonker tho and would live to get my hands on a pretty spectra .
i do n't think there 's anything else that i 'm really interested in tho .
going to a web sight on your smartphone only to be redirected to the app store to download an app that 's only function is to view the web sight ... ..now i need to create a account and sighs in ?
why do companies make it inconvenient to interact with them ?
what do they gain from me having an app an account i 'll never remember ?
i 've noticed this too with several other posts .
i honestly think that reddit is a lot smaller than it portrays itself to be even though it 's open to almost anyone on this planet it 's so obvious .
i also think that if reddit ever gets bought it will be sold for far more than it 's worth .
and no i 'm not suggesting it 's a small site ran off a hard drive in someone 's basement .
but i 've seen the same posts many times started by other usernames with the same wording .
looks like every other high ttk shooter from the last 15 years .
awkward looking movement bright flashy guns lots of explosions .
i do n't think that he changed his name really matters but it 's funny .
you plug the controller first with the xbox on and then turn it off and the controller will keep changing while the xbox is off .
hey everyone do n't pay attention to the panama leaks or the crazy fucked up election the zika virus is back .
i did n't see you around on sunday so we need to find a different time
my last semester at a certain college i was assulted by a football player for walking where he was trying to drive note he was 325lbs i was 120lbs while unconscious on the ground i lived a different life .
i met a wonderful young lady she made my heart skip and my face red i pursued her for months and dispatched a few jerk boyfriends before i finally won her over after two years we got married and almost immediately she bore me a daughter .
i had a great job and my wife did n't have to work outside of the house when my daughter was two she my wife bore me a son .
my son was the joy of my life i would walk into his room every morning before i left for work and doted on him and my daughter .
one day while sitting on the couch i noticed that the perspective of the lamp was odd like inverted .
it was still in 3d but ... just.. wrong .
it was a square lamp base red with gold trim on 4 legs and a white square shade .
i was transfixed i could n't look away from it .
i stayed up all night staring at it the next morning i did n't go to work something was just not right about that lamp .
i stopped eating i left the couch only to use the bathroom at first soon i stopped that too as i was n't eating or drinking .
i stared at the fucking lamp for 3 days before my wife got really worried she had someone come and try to talk to me by this time my cognizance was breaking up and my wife was freaking out .
she took the kids to her mother 's house just before i had my epiphany ... . the lamp is not real ... . the house is not real my wife my kids ... none of that is real ... the last 10 years of my life are not fucking real !
the lamp started to grow wider and deeper it was still inverted dimensions it took up my entire perspective and all i could see was red i heard voices screams all kinds of weird noises and i became aware of pain ... . a fucking shit ton of pain ... the first words i said were i 'm missing teeth '' and opened my eyes .
i was laying on my back on the sidewalk surrounded by people that i did n't know lots were freaking out i was completely confused .
at some point a cop scooped me up dragged/walked me across the sidewalk and grass and threw me face down in the back of a cop car i was still confused .
i was taken to the hospital by the cop seems he did n't want to wait for the ambulance to arrive and give ct scans and shit..
i went through about 3 years of horrid depression i was grieving the loss of my wife and children and dealing with the knowledge that they never existed i was scared that i was going insane as i would cry myself to sleep hoping i would see her in my dreams .
i never have but sometimes i see my son usually just a glimpse out of my peripheral vision he is perpetually 5 years old and i can never hear what he says .
edit 24 hours after post never though anyone would read this i changed a line so that it no longer seems that my 2 year old daughter bore a child .
i have never seen inception or the star trek episode so many have mentioned but i will eventually
i 've had many pm 's describing similar experiences and 3 posters stating such experiences are impossible i 'd say more research needs to be done on brain functions .
a few have asked if they can write a book/screen play/stage play/rage comic etcetera please consider this tale open source and have fun with it
this is definitely one where i 'm kinda torn but at the end of the day he fucked up and was an ass
giving him the benefit of the doubt he clearly did n't intend for it to be any form of intimate relationship he stated as much to kate and had clearly drawn lines as much as it is a dick move to his gf i have witnesses way worse from some people
so he fucked up he let things go to far crossed some line and moved on he clearly understands this no need to beat him over the head
and i thought just getting all of clone wars digested was the hard part .
tut mir leid ... was passiert in diese~~s~~m sub mit erdogan ?
i mean they learned nothing from mos so i doubt that changes now .
if there 's one benefit to being gay in church it 's knowing that any relationship i have will receive extra scrutiny .
it helps keep me honest particularly in cases like these .
next time i need to vent i 'm just gon na pm you .
i 'm seriously laughing to hard to even care anymore .
tell her to stop stressing about it you can take a look at it .
if there 's voltage tell her it 's a blower fan they just wear out like any other electric motor there 's nothing under the hood that affects it .
if there is n't voltage pull the blower resistor .
show her the crusty mess tell her electronics burn out eventually there 's nothing under the hood that would affect this part .
if she gets pissy and tells you to not touch her car shrug and tell her ok. keep her to that promise forever .
i 'm a doctor and i can confirm the left foot is n't made from ribs .
maybe a dumb question but you 're sure he 's embered right ?
my dumbass friend could n't see my sign for almost two hours because he did n't ember himself first .
if he does n't use lp then wayne is great to keep at his price so i would keep dt at 2 and swap julio/dez .
i dont see a difference in dez and dt for the cost
i was thinking about how i wish i could meet him and thank him .
kind of like a grandfather to all those people in the forest .
i did think about the way the japanese culture and society are established and of course i can see how that would play a huge role in the decisions leading up to commuting suicide but then i started to think about worldwide and in general .
i do n't know if the internet just makes it so we hear about it more often or what but it seems like suicide is at an all time high .
when he came up to the sign that encourages talking it out with others i could n't help but wonder how many had tried and we 're just dismissed .
i know i wanted to answer to some of your other points but it 's hard to go back and forth on this app so i apologize !
love being able to discuss things with people in-depth like this so thank you .
think about how much inventory you can get in and measure it on a money per sq ft '' basis in that every inch should be accounted for in terms of inventory .
that backstroke attack or whatever it is called was awesome !
just found this http www.cnn.com/2008/politics/03/25/obama.tax.returns article about the 2008 primary .
'' in the public record there are 20 years of hillary 's tax returns hundreds of thousands of pages of records from her time in the white house and countless other documents detailing her time in public life .
sen. obama has not released his tax returns except for 2006 '' clinton spokesman phil singer said in a statement sent to reporters just as the obama camp posted the illinois senator 's returns online .
hillary is trying to deflect the issue of her transcripts by bringing up bernies taxes .
bernie needs to get on the ball and release them .
someone on here said it but he needs to release them the day of the debate .
thanks mate yeah honestly it went so much better than i expected quite proud d
kratom seems inconsistent within an individual let alone across individuals .
in w/d i could n't even consider going to work let alone exercising .
i 'd advise that you plan ahead for whatever circumstances help you withdraw best .
if you have an infinite universe with rules capable of supporting life then of course it 'll come up eventually .
we would n't be around to contemplate if we were n't in one of those .
it can be super baffling when you get rekt suddenly by immortal armies yet other times crush them due to shield being on cooldown
i 'll give reddit gold to any verified taskstream evaluator who does an ama .
i just buy 10 and that lasts quite a while .
depends on of games but it seems to be good
welker has no idea what he 's talking about .
every run is different so if you get into a situation like that just try again .
i 'm not embracing any win over the phoenix suns .
i 'm worried about the future i 've made my peace with the present .
even though the second is just as or more likely ?
if tsm wins its because the other team threw or had terrible picks and bans for that single game or series .
never because tsm actually outplayed them and deserved it .
see most countries have some sort of non executive diplomatic back chaneller .
the american first lady is often instrumental for them she and xis wife met and sorted out a recent crisis in scs .
it 's kinda like a hail mary when the administration ca n't meet the opposite side because of pr issues .
also we have never heard of raw/ib foiling terrorist plans .
they must be foiling them a lot though because looking at the sheer number of terrorist organisations in india it 's amazing how few attacks we have .
if she was wrong what do you think about doctors at a private hospital performing ob/gyn duties but refusing to perform an abortion that was purely a personal choice and not based on a life threatening condition .
let 's run the test in a couple different cities for the scenario to have some real traction .
in los angeles surely there would be alternatives to going to that particular dr .
it would be such a throwback to middle school .
lee getting killed by the bird on the cereal box .
i 'm still holding out hope for wendip but i would n't mind dipcifica .
in fairness netflix has dubbed everything they 've gotten so far knights of sidonia seven deadly sins and ajin .
i 'd be surprised if kuromukuro did n't get one as well but we 'll see .
i sent it to coinbase and only 7,100 arrived .
that will be hard for the islanders to go into the wcf considering they play in the east ...
devs seem like pretty cool guys i do n't think they 'd do that good point though .
sure gon na need to breed one for you first tho
i 'm was having hot flashes and mega sensitive skin at the gym .
i 'm not sure but the cast may be to prevent you from trying to move the involved joints as you probably need time for healing and fusion .
to help you comprehend i break into your house .
i steal your tv your xbox/playstation your computer and your sous vide .
i immediately go to craigslist and sell all of these .
yes i did the legwork of retrieving and selling these items .
but they were not mine to sell in the first place .
did you give up dark souls 1 at first because of the skeletons ?
there are some amazing aspects of the game but like i said you do n't get that until you hunker down and play through it .
i 'm so happy that you will now think of me when doing your filing hahahaha
i find it really impacted camp clearing and also when you toss the buckler after getting off a stun on an enemy it feels like you ca n't move afterwards .
well this was held at an anime convention and evangelion is a pretty timeless classic .
if she 's anything like me waiting for ten days to be able to see the funds will drive her crazy .
vader is also supreme commander of the imperial army as well
that 's what i thought and i do n't live in the us i live in a country where it is technically illegal but if you do n't antagonise the cops and have no record you can get away with a little for personal use .
i wonder if there is a way i can retard the growth of a clone without killing it until the main bucket is ready .
most likely divine guardian as folks tend to select it based on it having either regen hastega res or any combination of those
i went into engineering looking for a well-paying professional job where i could influence people and develop/market products .
hi david brock have you smeared anybody for money today ?
get busy ... the summer line at enzo is n't going to pay for itself .
go back to the tutorial and pick up the blue flask
i would bet you could find a channel playing it at some point every day between december 1st through the 25th .
new to retrobattlestations and wondering what all this apple month stuff is about ?
there 's a challenge going on https www.reddit.com/r/retrobattlestations/comments/4cyc19/april_is_apple_month for fame and glory !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/retrobattlestations if you have any questions or concerns .
no worries it 's a common rookie mistake that i 've made myself haha .
secondly the price point is based on every cost factor warranty included .
this is n't a theory '' this is the first thing you learn in business
finding his senses and shaking himself of fear ohm begins to stealthily follow the battle attempting to not be a distraction until it is a good idea .
he decides to shadow the fight until he can tell just what is going on .
anyone ever gotten shot with body armor knows it feels like getting hit by a truck .
im sure he was a little worried after that shot waiting for everyone to have worried reaction .
there used to be no smoking ban so when people smoked fags inside at pubs they 'd often throw them in the urinal when they were done .
you say nimby like it 's a bad thing but frankly it 's what keeps nice neighborhoods nice in the first place .
i like to apply african violet over a lm caviar stick usually amethyst or orchid .
it really brings the color to life and gives it this beautiful depth .
if he scored in the 30 's he 'd fare a lot better .
and the fun fact of the day '' award goes to ...
serious yet also snarky question is that really so weird ?
i do n't think i 've had a three year period where i did n't move at least six times since high school .
it 's well lit and while it 's not super busy there are definitely people milling around .
i also had the best ramen at a tiny little place not far from the train station .
i 'll try to find which one it was .
what difference does it make who brought it to nintendos attention she got fired because prostitution
i think it makes a difference if you are at all concerned with the idea that gg will pick a target dig into their life then that persons life will mysteriously be ruined shortly afterwards .
and then it turns out gg never dug into them or mentioned them or anything !
he 's comfortably top 5 in the club on his day .
i wish for a personal god of creation that owes me so many favors that it would be impossible for me to run out of them even if i asked for something every second for a thousand years .
i mean use her instead of making nami free all the time .
there are other utility supports besides nami and soraka .
diamond stone is hiring an agent and melo trimble declared-no agent
no one 's knowledgeable about the tcg post shvi meta it has n't happened yet .
sometimes even that backfires because they might have a desire to learn english and thus use you as practice .
that must be hilarious have you experienced it for yourself ?
i 've used zagg original which is n't too bad .
biggest issue i 've come across is that cases and screen protectors do n't seem to play nice together .
ended up having to take off my protector today in fact because it was peeling up on 3 of 4 corners .
nice thing about zagg is their lifetime warranty though .
i would have to see evidence that this is the case .
you know this story but a while back we got the pandas forcibly addicted to a flower extract destroying their millennia-old rodent control system .
that way their rodents had no work and the cats could use them to build utopia .
i 'm sure the pandas will forgive us and our cat accomplices now a few hundred years later .
wolves have traditionally dominated over the goats and sheep in that whole central eastern bit over there except for a while where the pigs set up an evil empire but we 've got one scandinavian bear over there who uses vicious spetznaz foxes to keep the wolves more or less under control .
a lot of birds compare him to a particular flesh-eating pig but he 's definitely got sympathies with the lynx .
he might have a dodgy alliance with a scary siberian tiger and may have sacrificed some lambs to spook the sheep once not like the cats or crows would ever kill anything innocent but he 's still the best bet over there .
there 's also some billy goats in the middle east part who are angry at the other billy goats probably because we tried forcing them to integrate into one another like we tried with the cows and the mountain goats .the cats arbitrarily favor one billy goat clan over all the others for some reason.some of these billy goats know how to make ieds they learned this from the militant mountain goats the cats created with coyotes to help destroy the evil pig empire .
these coyotes are still trying to wildicalize the entire animal kingdom even though the pigs fell to wolves some time ago .
they 've recently displaced a bunch of goats and now these goats are coming into the sexy blonde rabbit sanctuary and raping a bunch of rabbits .
not saying that rabbits do n't rape rabbits but the goats are doing it way way more then the highly educated rabbit class .
let 's not pretend just because the sexy blonde rabbits make consent revocable after after the fact to keep the male rabbits in submission does n't mean that a lot of sexy blonde adolescent rabbits are n't actually getting raped by the goats .
crows and rooks and ravens for that matter tend to be racist as fuck against the goats .
and silent and viciously against any larger predator that could potentially eat them .
we live lives of misery under bleak rainy skies obsessing about ways the fat cats across the ocean could brutally murder us now that we 've served our purpose in the cat 's world domination plan .
we may have let some silverbacks take over of most of the jungle bit back when we were powerful seemed like a good idea at the time .
turns out that a silverback actually eats infants to intimidate the other silverbacks .
they eventually found some aks and now they 're going around fucking and terrifying all the other animals .
the fat cats have attack dogs that they sic on the rest of the farm from time to time so rest assured we 're not the only ones who do stuff like this !
the billy goats once egged on the camels into posturing aggressively against their dogs once so they sent a bunch of terriers in fighter jets at them .
like a bunch a bunch of terriers in fighter jets .
slightly later the cats gave a super fucked up billy goat just next to them a bunch of guns and ballistic missiles because they were angry at the other billy goats who overthrew their strongdog .
he was supposed to be their strongdog at least but he did n't actually mobilize his dog force against the jackdaw and coyote fueled rebelling goat masses .
they then then got angry at this billy goat destroyed his entire billy goat government and gave the government over to mountain-sympathizing billy goats .
i imagine they watched in utter bemusement as the entire system collapsed into anarchy .
i mean i really hope that was malice to scare the other billy goats into submission if that really was honest to god incompetence i 'm very afraid .
around this time the cats also go to the flower-extract loving mountain goat stronghold that the pigs were n't even able to subdue and try to subdue it .
in response the mountain goats just produce more of both flower extracts as the use of flower extracts in banned by the cats the mountain goats emerge victorious and stronger then ever .
anyways the cats have once again put up 2 cats the farm can choose from their token finch which they keep around to show that they do n't kill birds for sport '' keeps tweeting about how it wants to make us all a bunch of sexy blonde rabbits but i 'm not convinced it knows how to manage any animal farm much less the animal farm .
racist comments from reddit in 3 ... 2 ... 1 ...
i did it for witcher 3 and fallout 4 and will for this game .
i know i 'm trying to say using the range indicator is a bad idea for kunkka 's ult .
if you cast it within '' the range with or without aether lens but not at the max range i.e .
the green circular line then your aim is off because the ship is n't going to where you clicked it 's going to go where it always goes .
also can be launched using win-key r '' then entering cmd
obviously if it was still hurt he would n't be wearing a sign on it saying target this body part ''
on the bright side for reds fans the garages in cincinnati are now 50 less likely to have a gun shot at them
that tested 's foot is going to come down on me for saying r/vive has more hostility to oculus/facebook than the other way around ?
yeah i 'm tired seeing people say dark souls ii runs good for them .
of course it runs good it looks rubbish in comparison to any modern game .
still dsiii is in need of a fix right now .
i 'm getting 60 on my gtx 970 while others get 10 fps with it .
it 's good club music cause of the beats but really listening to him just kinda disappoints
funny i said almost the exact same thing on another thread and got downvoted into oblivion because they thought crit damage was more important than crit rate
when businesses close and industry leaves it only hurts the people .
i 'm in real estate and there 's a notorious village in the chicago suburbs .
it used to have tons of industry and a mall and an awesome infrastructure .
people were paying less than 1000 in taxes per year .
the city got greedy for expansion and started nailing businesses with taxes .
over the next 10-15 years there are virtually no businesses left .
houses sit on the market forever because older houses pay a minimum of 5500 in taxes per year .
hud ends up getting a lot of these houses to sell as low-income opportunities and they sell the houses for 10,000 and the buyer 's payment is still 1,600 .
how does that benefit low income buyers ? ? ?
and basically when their cash cows run away the city or the state just passes the cost onto anyone who 's left otherwise they just ca n't operate .
i understand that these entertainers want to make a point or make a stand against something but that 's not why people look to them .
i do n't go to a concert to hear justin bieber 's stance on the election lgbt rights foreign policy or marijuana legalization .
sure i do n't mind hearing his thoughts but i 'd be pissed if i paid for tickets and planned a night with friends only to be told i was n't seeing the show because i 'm not as important as his statement . ''
it would kind of suck for the concert but an even bigger statement would be for him to play his set and then give a 2 minute speech during an intermission to talk about how the law is bullshit .
he gets the word out it 'll be written up in every paper fans get their show businesses get their customers and everyone 's happy .
it was just the first name to come to mind since i just watched his roast online .
there are tons of easy '' magic tricks that are absolutely amazing .
if you want any pointers just let me know .
yup that 's what i do since it makes it all more immersive anyway so it really has n't been much of an issue for me .
i 've always gotten applecare on my portable devices .
it is also transferable helping with the re-sale value when it is time to upgrade .
i sold my ipad air 2 when i got the pro and i was 50 over any other listing on craigslist .
sold it same day buyer was very happy to have a year of applecare left .
great way to put 2nd hand buyers at ease .
been on the receiving end of applecare as well .
bought a used iphone 5s a while back and it died 3 months later .
work all day today then girlfriend matinence then maybe more dark souls
i 'll let you two talk shop for a while then . ''
i 'll be back at the cabin trying to figure out what to pack . ''
he grimaces for a moment but is all smiles right after .
ya know i was n't sure if that would work because at the time everybody seemed to be stuck in to certain configurations that they thought were the only ways to do things .
blue tape was for pla only you had to use elmer 's glue for glass beds kapton had to be applied in strips ... and so on .
because of that i never even tried tape on glass .
that 's a much easier and cheaper solution if it works well .
i 'm surprised by the amount of people that ca n't tell the difference between tp and double tp .
like seriously my grandma was watchin ' the semis with me and as the action started she said oh the yung double tp '' .
but then a girl can be any height and be fine
i 'm tall it 's not without it 's problems .
a good friend of mine is 6'1 and it 's a nightmare .
i know lots of very very small women who struggle because people infantalize them .
and i put on foundation first then concealer in a triangular way .
i use a beauty blender to blend it all in .
that would go against the master plan '' for the area as well .
you ca n't sell granite countertops to poor people .
i think many of these molecular markers should n't be seen in isolation and that they might show an intention to grow but without proper nutrition and rest the intention could turn maladaptive .
and then we have the issue of people growing even when some anabolic pathways are blocked or attenuated suggesting that the body can upregulate other pathways to compensate .
now that i think of it i forgot to add the mitchell study you linked me before .
but it does n't really change much since they only looked at mps as far as i remember
sounds like a bad case of food poisoning from dodgy pita !
man i had never actually bothered to read christina hoff sommers twitter before but this convinced me to see what feminism it is that these gators appreciate ... .
step one change your major from feminist dance therapy to electrical engineering .
within a few minutes of scrolling i 've found anti-trans tweets insistence that the wage gap does n't exist ... .
i thought maybe he was hinting that he is the new right back for husker dü .
anyone else see the weird drop after the player pulls out the dual pistols ?
he casually taps it aside waiting for whatever is next.. want to just go for it seriously ?
last season the bant company mirrors were broken via eldrazi skyspawner .
i think that 's dumb and a little inbred the point at which the deck stops being a good choice .
but one possibility is stratus dancer as a tech card against opposing companies that can get in early beats if you just want to play it in welkin tern mode .
so maybe i 'd try 1x tracker 1x stratus .
if you did n't get it yet restart your console using the link in settings on the home page .
i believe the cast time should be reduced and the damage increased as well .
but i think cupid 's ult is used more for the utility than the damage .
i do n't know of many situations where someone would be like oh that person is almost dead i 'll ult '' as cupid .
in my opinion it should be used more in a team fight scenario for the slow cripple and stun the damage is just a bonus .
that being said this little flying girls ult has no utility other than maybe an escape or positioning .
so having lower damage than even cupid 's ult just does n't make sense .
i 'm not saying it would need much more damage as it does a lower charging time but i feel you should use her ult differently than say cupid .
maybe probably need to give yourself some more time but still might work
there 's a lot of sources that say that obama did n't do a lot of in depth debate prep for the first one .
i had n't heard that he thought it was beneath him to debate romney though .
i 'm with you but my gut says this situation is the same as your last sentence aha !
i do n't think i would be upset for the same reason but i 'm sorry your upset . ''
hey i tried adding the repo as well an it doesnt let me either .
starting with three is fun because it will be the most active if you need help on any bosses .
right now it 's just a good time to explore with everyone else and get in on the love .
1 is my personal favorite but you will need the dsfix on pc to help smooth out some of the rough edges .
back at this time from software did a really poopy port and a modder helped fix a lot of those issues .
2 in my opinion is a great game but some of the changes they made to the game i did n't enjoy .
every time you die you lose a percentage of your maximum health which can only be brought back by using a human effigy .
the combat was decent but the penalties seemed a little too steep to me .
ultimately play them in any order they are n't connected enough without heavy knowledge of the lore so jumping in at any point wo n't detract your enjoyment .
here 's the toc https www.reddit.com/r/swift/comments/4eg85s/pro_swift_my_new_book_and_video_course_is_now_out/d200s7x – let me know if you have any questions !
in north carolina a private citizen may stop and detain another sometimes called citizen 's arrest '' if they have probable cause to believe a crime has been committed .
the detention must be accomplished with a reasonable '' amount of force for the circumstances .
whether the force used was reasonable is subject to interpretation but the chances of the restaurant 's employees being prosecuted are about nil .
they 're kind of overlooked in wt but wynaut doing a giveaway of all 20 starters with gts requests ?
the gold standard for cool looking jet is the rafale .
many of us are in situations where support contracts for junk software require local administrator privileges .
we are fortunate enough to be transitioning away from such a system .
is this something i can train the dogs to do for me ?
the average nfl fan does n't pay much attention to college and even the ones that do many are n't necessarily capable of recognizing talent outside of statistical analysis .
so you end up with people getting swayed by articles hyping players .
which is why you have the roller coaster pre draft ride .
you are just being willfully ignorant and i suppose that 's fine but it does n't make you right .
being a watch maker is n't hard it 's just tedious and very detailed oriented .
you are n't sweating afterward therefore it 's easy . ''
is very much the same argument you are making .
not everything difficult is boiled down to how many calories it burns or how often you fail in the attempt .
99 in a skill is 13.034m exp and 120 in a skill is 104m exp .
there are just under 500 more people with 99 slayer in osrs which requires 8 times less experience than players in rs3 with 120 slayer .
having 120 slayer in rs3 puts you in the top 4k slayers having 120 slayer in osrs puts you at rank 8 .
it takes 434 efficient hours to hit 99 all in rs3 and it takes 430 efficient hrs to hit 99 slayer in osrs .
it is 5 times fewer hours to max in rs3 than it is to max in osrs .
were the same between osrs and rs3 and making all else equal which they of course are n't and favor rs3 being significantly easier then osrs is still the more difficult version .
your entire argument is nothing in this game is physically demanding therefore no actual obstacles exist '' after saying not everyone is willing to put in the time . ''
a much better example than the one i used before is studying .
studying is n't physically exerting and just takes time which can be spread out over a semester .
getting a 's is n't difficult it 's just that some people do n't have the time/are n't willing to study mindnumbingly for hours every day . ''
is n't a statement that makes a c just as difficult as an a .
it 's just an attempt to put down the a due to having only earned a c .
willful ignorance to try and support a point you want to be true when it is objectively false but you do you .
it 's a lost art back when i was bartending i never gave a girl a drink without asking her if she wanted it first and pointing out the guy .
bars upcharge so much on alcohol that a couple tossed drinks a night are n't a big deal .
if the other side of the wormhole takes you to a place where food stones and buffalos a near i would settle on this island d
so when you are trying to escape from hounds and you would go through the wormhole that brings you to this island they woukd probably appear after a while .
so you are not safe from hounds but from bees or other crazy things that would like to kill you good luck and do n't starve
going with the most overused joke on here how ironic lol
it depends on what you consider qualifications for potus .
personally i would like someone that the rest of the world is not going to laugh at when 2/3 of voters in your own party find you an embarrassment you know you should n't be taken seriously .
these are all obviously things that trump is lacking .
i was wavering between hillary clinton and bernie sanders before i started doing research back in february ...
i decided that donald trump is the best choice .
i disagree with trump on almost every major issues .
immigration policies are a joke for the exact opposite reason trump thinks it is way too hard to come to the us and stay legally something most people do not realize .
from my knowledge it was all multiple choice and yeah the hw on mymathlab is super easy and he kept them short maybe like 13-15 questions per but there are about 2 per week and he drops your lowest one .
overall really easy class just a lil bit of work and you should get an a .
hey i messed up my above post but think you got the right pair regardless .
so ... ... how would finn work as a skywalker though ?
are we just going to ignore how the dude is black ... ..and definitely not half white .
quando eu publicar meu primeiro livro os conselheiros do op aqui serão lembrados na dedicatória eheheh
the behaviour and the continuing mental health issues relating to sex would both be deal breakers
some buddies started to properly read the instructions to setup pm netplay .
i finally might have some more online sparring partners now if they actually keep playing it .
something completely different yet slightly related though this pm related video of mine is over a year old now https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=v1iqahczxya
it feels like your brother just came back from college and the whole family is sitting around the table for thanksgiving dinner .
oh wow i 'd love to work at your company .
she does n't want to sue for wrongful termination .
she wants what she 's entitled to and that 's it .
i made sure to explain the entire situation as best as i could from what i 've been told .
i 'm guessing that you 're in the us i think it 's on crunchyroll over there ?
it 's on a service called animax in the uk .
edit or y'know the millions of pirate websites like kissanime
nu er sverige jo også en del af den 3. verden ikk ' ?
ej nu er jeg ikke særligt stiv i svensk rets-jargon men den sag virker ikke ligefrem som en open and shut case ligesom lundins var .
the actual article says that dna evidence proved it was his .
there is more than just a headline to read .
half the gators here have a raging hate boner for at least four of them .
have you used or heard things about the matching sub ?
as a game dev and programmer i have to say i 've only met a couple women in my life seriously interested enough in programming or gaming to actually pursue it professionally .
i mean like clear your weekend for a lan party type gaming or pull an all nighter knocking out a coding project .
i 've never met a woman that displayed that desire ... . and with programming at least it 's not about education but rather sinking many thousands of hours into building stuff .
i 'm not putting you in any position you differentiated bit coin so being subject to market preference is what makes it great as compared to the government declaring ... ''
so you 're the one asserting that bit coin is great i did n't put you in that position you did .
but my point is simply that your assertion is not accurate fiat currency is also subject to market preference so that 's not a difference at all .
as to the only difference you do mention being required to clear liabilities owed to the issuing authority it 's a strength of fiat currencies entirely lacking in this bit coin thing so it 's unclear how lacking this strength would somehow make bit coin great .
i am merely pointing out the factually inaccurate statements .
it 's factually incorrect to suggest that being subject to market preference is a difference between bit coin and fiat currencies fiat currencies are also subject to market preferences .
some people do this most dont because people buying for real money are most of the time scammers you send them the keys and they give yout he money on paypal but then because there was no proof a transaction because it was jut a trade via steam they ask paypal for a refund and they get there money back and your keys .
same goes for the other way around thats why most people dont ike to do this and just sell for real money via opskins .
also if you buying keys for the first time with no cash rep no one will sell to you
i guess our law does n't explicitly say so but a court ruling said so .
you sold him on ps4 with someone looking for him everyday ?
edit why does your game require permission to make and manage phone calls ?
then we lose him creating good stuff for us quickly .
mind you if he needs the work then yes give him a job .
i would powerwash then scrape out with a screw driver then spray to kill weeds and do the sand .
if you powerwash after spraying you will lose the lasting effect of the weed killer .
may as well get it down deep in the cracks any way .
but honestly the sand is n't that cheep and your just wasting money and time .
the pavers are crooked looks like some are raised and others are sunken and so i think it will look better but still not good when you are done .
i am shamefully playing war of the lions on a psp-emulator on my pc i do n't have access to a psp or fancy-enough-phone .
but i also just ordered a used copy of the original ps version via amazon to play on my ps2 .
so i 'll be giving both versions a shot .
ca n't wait to see if it truly does top it .
between 1997 and 2004 little kids were exposed to so much adult content online .
browsing the web involved getting a lot of popup ads for things like the x10 camera and those ads had to potential to open up ads themselves .
the cascading ads would eventually fill your desktop with dozens of pop up windows and half of them were x-rated .
little kids got in the habit of closing them all out .
browser add-ons like the google toolbar started blocking popups that were not triggered by a mouse-click .
finally in 2004 service pack 2 for winxp integrated a popup blocker into ie6 fixing the problem for good .
it would be interesting to study what effects that exposure has had on them .
pretty good i wish thinkpads would have improved over that instead of getting worse each year .
you 're being downvoted for immediately resorting to name-calling .
do you really expect that to suddenly spur some serious conversation ?
i think and hope it will play well with the puerto ricans and also the people of italian background in ny .
i carry most knives tip up but the rat has always felt right tip down to me .
show me someone else who got 6 clear fragrant fouls against him in less than one season and not get called ?
i did n't ask you to make a video .
if everyone else is getting clothlined and uppercutted like you claim there would be a fuck tonnes of videos on youtube about everyone .
so just do a youtube search and post the links
if he does n't even get these calls then he sure as hell is not getting a lot of the other fouls .
you act like the way queens act actually has anything to do with whether they win mc when it really does n't .
for the last two seasons the title has gone to most robbed cinnamon bun and it 's probably not going to change considering the huge teenage fanbase the show has .
just to let you guys know i addressed the issue by surrounding all of my external cupboard rooms with high stone walls and placed about 5 more hopefully this should deter raiders i also reworked my base to make it more suitable for protecting loot sorry for coming across pissed off thanks for the replies .
and i now know you 've never seen a faze game aizy performs terribley in faze .
he 's bottom of the scoreboard and rarely has any impact .
and do you expect an awper to perform good without an awp ?
do you expect them to topfrag with a galil ?
they had shown the razorback in the de trailer but it never made it into the map
it 's been about a week and nothing so far .
the thing is you can never prove or disprove this sort of thing .
i believe there is a giant spaghetti monster god in the sky and it 's valid because you ca n't disprove it ! ''
kobe literally just said a few hours ago in his post-game interview he 's never lost .
i looked at this post and was like wtf ?
remember to turn on installing from unknown sources in security settings .
i have been wishing for this for a while now .
it 's such a pita to swap out gear and change spec to switch between farming build and grift build .
when a hk friend explain to me it 's better to sleep with 5 layers of blanket than turning on the heater when its 10 degrees in the apartment because you body need to get used to the cold .
but during summer when we are dying from heat its perfectly ok to put the aircon and not get used to the heat .
this is your main culprit go with some image sequence format and you 'll be set .
there 's a bunch of options png is a bit slower because of compression but takes up less space tif is bigger but has more options .
and as a heads up exr does n't want to do things in ae .
but compositing programs will be far more capable of outputting non-blurry animation bibliboops .
i have lots of rinpana srs en and jp and my first and latest urs are rin and pana
the city shill in this thread should shut their mouths
it 's a cash grab and you 're a bunch of damn liars .
america always does it 10 years before you realizes it does n't work and then you do it anyway .
i second the skial one at least the ones in cali the people are always pretty friendly and have the typical ridiculous randomness you would expect from 2fort .
well just change the name for final item everyone is buying tier 2 onyl on hunters anyway and it is dagger ... dagger for hunters cos that makes sense right ?
why even bring up velasco the country still has n't recovered almost half a century later at least el chino corrected the economy after that and the payasadas of alan left in the 80s ...
yea they all steal at least he gave '' back .
and i am very much aware i am in a peruvian subreddit born and raised and currently living in peru ... and why do you assume i dont know peruvian history ... very into it actually .
silly you assuming i dont know who montesinos is lol nice one .
is there even a mod that is n't left leaning here ?
it seems they already forgot or are just blindly following whatever they 've heard .
forgot about the terrorism and the shit economy of the 80s/early 90s and now just blindly following whatever they hear ... . voting into office the people that terrorized and killed hundreds of thousands of them .
before you get the wrong idea im voting ppk .
shen got reworked because his old paystyle was unhealthy .
riot stated that shen had too much sustain for the cc and damage he had mostly due to his q having an heal .
also his identity as ally-shield ninja '' lied in his ult and e but nowhere else in his kit so riot wanted to manifest his identity .
he is supposed to be an anti-mage champion which he represents by his passive and q .
his e gets stacked for every spell used that means enemy mages stack his damage/slow ability aswell as kassadin himself .
his ult is used for repostition and avoiding the burst of said mage while dealing consistent damage rapping up over time .
in all honesty kassadin right now fits his lore and playstyle as an anti-mage and void survivor .
there is no need to change the kit of an champ who is fine at the moment .
damn fritz gave me another bad batch of catnip !
i remember when the servers hit 500 for the first time .
since i started playing this game i 've wondered why is everyone always so hyped about murky ? !
he seems ... ok. '' and now i just ca n't stop playing him ...
it does n't do much while you shoot wide open .
the more you close it the deeper the field is and more has acceptable sharpness .
so when you step you lens down metering is adjusted accordingly but yet you still see through the lens fully opened .
try this in a bright day with f/16 and focusing on different distances and look through viewfinder with and without preview .
it helps you to get the idea what is acceptably sharp what is nicely blown out and how the final shot will look alike .
if you can do that purely by imagination and gut feelings then i envy you i find it hard without the button on my lenses .
they took the area very fast and obviously could n't secure them before the counter attack .
considering the fact that the fsa is the only faction without air support even isis had open air support from russia in many battles against the fsa in norther aleppo and that they are fighting on three open fronts saa+allies ypg+allies and isis plus one half front nusra not in azaz though the fsa is fighting incredibly effective by far the most effective troops in syria in many respects though nusra might be considered more effective if you consider their numbers .
if turkey can make up for that missing air support with an effective artillery this might change a lot .
i agree though that it looks like azaz might be the more important cause now compared to latakia .
i can use gobs and minions but they 'll always react with a freeze and completely destroy my tower
i would pay my bills more often if they did n't charge me instead i let the bill go for a month or 2 .
i think the interest they charge is less than the phone charge .
if i have to be routed through a secretary to call my own boss i ca n't imagine that the director of the fbi would have a direct line .
while staying with my best friend during her mother 's last days we were going through things in her parents ' house .
i found a cook book from the early 1900s that had strange notes on a few pages one of them which just said all of the time hitler hitler all of it . ''
it was kind of a weird window into the mentality of someone i 'm assuming lived through wwii .
i think the host is particularly good he knows how to disagree with his guest and probe properly .
i work nights at a travel plaza and there 's this one woman who showed up like 3-4 nights a week would sit for about 4 hours doing some kind of paper work while the dude that came with her ether wandered around or slept in his car .
the maintenance guy insisted he knew her family and she had a nice house but she would come to the plaza never ordered anything would n't even drink the coffee when the maintenance guy offered her a free one and regularly complained about starbucks leaving there music on .
when i made my manager aware of this he came in early on day and called the state troopers who informed her what she was doing was considered loitering and she needed to leave 3 months later i picked up a shift on the plaza across the highway same company and there she was and she was once again asked to leave .
3 months after that i ran into her at walmart where she begins to ask about who my manager was that called the trooper i asked why and she told me she was trying to sue the company for discrimination .
needless to say this case failed but to this day a full year later she still shows up from time to time .
i knew that draft pick was too good to be true .
from a game design stand point you are factually and objectively wrong .
from a i like this era more '' standpoint your opinion is valid .
however the game is way more balanced polished graphically inclined optimized and well rounded than it was in vanilla .
hell we even have wayyyyyyyyyy more content now than we did in vanilla .
now you can make an argument that old content is n't content but the other points still stand .
i mean that sentence would be weird now too because that is a super strange way to talk .
it works on more heroes then just sf and yes its possible it only works with arcana on sf .
i think it may be that you are not adapted to the rep range .
basically keepwith the reprange and you will get better at it .
eh 10 seconds left and two goals down they were just going aggressive no matter what
iv actually had an idea of making a site like this ...
i started recently as well and losing track of enemies is both a problem of not having a hat tracker and getting used to what maneuvers are possible .
after a dive the enemy plane does n't generally uturn and after getting some experience i found out i lose them not because they are unpredictable but because as i look around i lose track of where my plane is going .
this was all done looking around with the joystick top pad https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=hg8kjs0izd0
that said i still plan to get a head tracker as soon as finance allows .
i was looking at this http www.edtracker.co.uk/products/pro purely because it can be attached to my glasses i do n't use headsets
yes hiller played horribly this past season but it 's not his fault that what most likely is his vertigo has gotten the better of him .
i honestly feel horrible for him and wish him luck going forward since he 's most likely done in the nhl .
go read the light novels if you want more rias
if he were god forbid take a trip to belize how would bcs continue ?
it 's a possibility that knaws at me at night .
i 've played all the souls games besides demon souls and he kicked my ass the first couple tries .
and you eat slower if you 're driving so plan all your meals for your commute times .
i guess this is why people take so many facebook photos of themselves having fun '' .
when i was 17 my friends and i stole a pepsi machine that had just been refilled that day .
we went at night and a bunch of us put it in the back of his truck .
we managed to get it open and as far as i know my friend still has it in his basement .
i 've heard people say that with the corpse looting bug it 's far less popular than it used to be .
my experience in 0.59 backs this up too a few dozen trips there and never met a soul on the private shards i use .
your submission was automatically flagged because your account is very new fewer than 5 days old .
we try to avoid the person makes account just to ask question/post something then does n't contribute '' model so please wait a few days before posting .
in the meantime please contribute in comments or with submissions elsewhere on reddit !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/web_design if you have any questions or concerns .
i know to know for all my achievements at a glance .
just like the showcase above but i want to be able to view more than just 6 of my rarest achievements .
probably he has optimized his character while the rest of party members have not .
and this has forced the dm to put easier encounters because something that would challenge him would probably wipe out the rest of the party .
in any level due to bounded accuracy but especially at your level .
enemies should have ways to work-around this ac i.e .
from knocking prone to attacking in magical darkness where the devil monster can see there are ways to challenge this ac .
having said that a 20 str fighter armed with a magical weapon is supposed to be a heavily considerable unit in both tanking and damage output so it 's normal .
if he also chooses and plays smart the extra goodies of ek then it 's even nastier .
hey guys can you give me advice for where he is viable and what to build on him ?
so when i put dota 2 on a resolution higher than my monitor whatever that does it improves graphics .
sorry i 'm not fully aware of this topic my shift+tab page looks really small and it should i suppose since the resolution is higher .
a local group i like to donate to is in need of volunteers at the flying pig on their behalf .
if they get 30 volunteers to help out for a few hours they get a 500 donation .
after signing up shoot andrea andrea sweetcheeksdiaperbanks.org a quick message .
you get a free t-shirt can meet new people and the donation will help out a ton of local people who need it .
maybe we could do a mini-meetup for drinks or something after ?
i submitted this last week but people did not understand what i meant so i 'll give it another shot .
in the uk we have small card readers sent to us from the bank when logging in to online banking you have to insert your card and the reader generates a code for you to log in with .
i want to know about how these readers generate that code .
it ca n't be random because how would the website know it was real and they are not internet connected .
there must be some maths done to generate that log in code .
i understand that this might be a secret but some speculation would be good .
the push for a cashless society could be an opportunity for bitcoin http pbnj.io/215 via r/bitcoin
are there any community created sites that show your build stats and weapons ?
there 's loads of this stuff for destiny like the iron banner info trips report and dim ... is there anything for the division ?
if you know of any can you post them please ?
hi sorry is this has been asked before i 've searched and found nothing though what are the average levels for each area ?
i ask this because i tend to play a lot of co-op and a bit of pvp and have been putting most souls gain trough there into items since i 'm afraid to over level .
back in january i got a final call regarding an account in collections they kind of did n't know where i live anymore and were threatening to take me to court .
anyways they said that if i paid it equifax would have a discharge two months later absolving me of the collection .
it 's been about two and a half months so i contacted the collections agency for a copy of the discharge .
i checked equifax just now and it 's still showing that i owe the full balance ...
i 'm pretty sure this is not normal but i 'm not sure how to go about this .
if it matters it was a gym membership in quebec .
and i do n't even have it as bad as some !
i 'm 13.5 wks and my first trimester was nauseous but not like the horror stories i 've heard .
i have n't slept more than 3 hours at a time since i was 5 weeks pregnant .
i have tried the usual things not drinking water after 7 taking naps i have never been able to take naps going to bed earlier later ... nothing works .
i find myself dreading the next year knowing that i will be sleeping even less with cracked nipples a screaming baby and a stitched up vagina .
i feel isolated and alone ... all the activities i enjoy are mostly off the table and i find the alternatives boring yoga is no comparison to screaming down a hill on your road bike at 45 km/h .
i 'm not doing a good job at work .
and i feel like it 's only going to get worse a lot worse before it gets any better .
i do n't expect my husband to understand but we live 5,000 km from family and close friends and i feel like there 's no one to talk to .
sometimes i feel like i 've decided to ruin my life and i do n't know why .
he tried to trade me a knife what was over double the value of my knife and said that we needed an item admin '' to check our items so either of us would lose skins due to some hack/glitch thing the admin '' has gotten banned before aswell http steamrep.com/profiles/76561198277102932 and the main guy was http steamcommunity.com/id/csgostorage6 who also has the same ban ! ​
i got a random friend request from the accused and i accepted to see what he wanted .
obviously i know this is a scam but i played along to see if he was willing to go first and of course he was n't .
who knows how many people he has attempted to scam ? ​
searched and tried to find a thread on this to no avail .
i checked most of the dz saferoom vendors yesterday and while 75 and 90 blueprints/gear/weapons exist i still saw a 50 requirement on a lot of things i would be interested in buying and nothing with a lvl 40 requirement .
has anyone found blueprints/gear with lvl 40 as the requirement ?
link to video https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=xayybby6dm4 index=14 list=plm9iy3gbn_azakfajgocgiicl_4xyfauc nohtml5=false
note i will be using avidya 's perspective for the rest of the videos in this series as coe no longer uploaded after episode 9 this may result in less detailed video synopsis as i do n't always see what coe is up too at that specific moment
the group are once again back in the world of terraria the focus for this episode is to continue to explore the corruption looking for more rare and valuable items however things do not work out well for the group with coe and avidya dying at regular intervals and finding themselves back at the base regularly .
things get little better for them as they attempt to go back underground but a pesky piranha blocks the way in the pond causing much more death .
eventually however avidya is able to get past and descend deeper into the earth ...
could we get a an orb replacement when this happens ?
half of my red eye orbs have been wasted like this .
i recently abandoned wow for other games but i really miss one thing my hedgehog hunter pet .
i like hedgehogs and there must be some games out there other than sonic the hedgehog .
it must be single player but the genre does n't matter .
as long as it 's not cruel to hedgehogs .
the following piece is in 4/4 but apparently can be played stylistically ?
here is the comment in question which is at 1:39:24 https youtu.be/asjfk9bhxkw ? t=1h39m24s .
it 's something about feeling 4 beats instead of feeling 2 beats would be my best guess maybe 1 2 3 4 vs 1 2 .
apparently there 's a difference between how it was played before and after his direction regarding the feeling of 4 instead of 2 .
i have heard similar comments in the classical world for piano playing though this particular example is for a quartet .
edit i 've heard other comments like playing in 1 '' for a piece in 3/4 .
it seems to be about the impulse or feeling of the beats .
i should n't have assumed there was cloud saving http imgur.com/aon18na .
i 'm just curious could have sworn he was one of the moderators .
i 'm fairly new to the game and have been playing multiplayer with a couple of friends .
it looks like the only real way to win in multiplayer is through domination but i do n't really want to win that way .
if i could i want to win with a cultural victory but after looking around it sounds like it 's not really a viable victory route if the other players are looking out for cultural victories .
i heard about the futurism rush to win a cultural victory without alerting the other civs but i have n't been able to find any guides or anything similar that explain what i should be doing .
can anyone walk me through it or spell it out for me ?
is it possible to implement a gimmick where we could favorite '' certain loadout cards ?
having a little star on the card or something might prevent people from accidentally trading out their most valued card .
i was wondering what do you think are some of the best screenplays available on amazon for new writers to read ?
first off ... i 'm not looking for telling me to get a pc .
i do n't have the money for that now .
i think the cheapest way for me to start playing fallout 4 is to boot camp my mac and play on there .
i just want to know if anyone has done this on here or if it would work well ?
this is my favorite game series of all time .
i 've avoided even reading about it since it came out and i ca n't take it any longer .
so during my last game my last death resulted in this death recap http i.imgur.com/bhhz3bt.png and i just ca n't get it to make sense .
i healed for 1778 hp via blood for blood then took 1311 dmg 103 overkill but still died ?
but even stranger is that before my heal i was already dead ?
according to the graph valla killed me at 3.2 seconds then at 2.6 i got my heal .
was this some sort of latency-correction '' or something ?
the game compensates for the time it takes what is happening on my end of the line and gives a short grace time '' so that stuff like heals and other abilities can come in to play ?
hello all wondering if anyone is having a similar issue or knows what the deal is .
ever since i installed the mm update my outlook app that i use for work keeps logging me out .
i close the app and the next time i open it it asks for my password .
it is happening to the other android users in our office as well .
mousing over the underlined text in the item description in game brings up a text box defining the term .
pretty handy for some players struggling to understand words such as energised '' in the attack speed items or to understand how exactly grievous wounds works .
some time after i started playing the game in the end of last year i joined the reddit league .
it showed up in the game but i could n't join any event .
went to dirtgame.com and checked it said season had ended .
every time i checked the result was the same so the league seemed dead .
now with the release of 1.1 i expected the league action to increase again so i can finally try it out .
i joined 4 more leagues all from the suggested popular leagues and all with thousands of members .
still when i launch the game i can see the leagues but there is nothing to join .
when i check dirtgame.com it says season has ended '' for all leagues .
never have i seen any active event in any league .
my friend found this dog and is asking for help to find her home !
she just walked right up to my friend 's house and sat on the porch .
she has a red/pink collar with rhinestones she understands a few commands .
has anybody had success with building with vso and publishing symbols somewhere ?
afaik it 's not supported the same as an on-premise tfs install .
i am in level 161 is this the avg of my gear ?
like say could i drop top 158 by wearing a purp and be grouped with people a bit easier .
i recently switched from using the bufffood curry butternut to seaweed salad as it gives 10 more damage while moving .
now as i raided i sometimes had to stand still for some time so not wanting to lose the buff i moved from left to right a bit and back all the time .
after the raid i asked myself if turning around by pressing a and d also counts as moving .
civ can get a little bland after a while and i really want to make my matches more interesting .
so what are some challenges that you can play in sp ?
i edit symbols as they relate to surrounding elements .
how do i make it act like the old way ?
sometimes i 'll grab a color from another element in the artboard for example .
please tell me i can keep the old behavior .
thank god i was hoping this day would come for a long long time .
i 'm just wondering why the channel on snoonet is locked .
says i 'm using the incorrect key but there was no key on it as of last night ?
feel free to remove this but i could n't find a post with any info about this .
hey guys sorry if this is the wrong place to ask but i figured you guys would be more knowledgeable about kobe 's scoring tendencies this year than anyone else i could ask .
so i made a fairly big wager that the black mamba would get at least 17 points and 4 free throws made for the big game tomorrow .
i thought he was gon na get fed the ball like every possession
the issue i 'm having is not that i ca n't transfer files though that was a pain in itself but that the transfer defaults to using the wifi .
for whatever reason the wifi transfer sits at about 2mb/s which is unacceptable when i 'm trying to transfer gigabytes at a time .
some person a few years ago also had this question and made this handy dandy diagram for describing the current connection setup edited with current info
however the computers still use the wifi for data transfers .
both ethernet interfaces are set up and connected to each other .
file transfer over teamviewer lan connection with windows-pc wifi adapter disabled .
still not perfect but that might be a limitation of the disks .
instead of connecting to the windows pc via ubuntu via nautilus ' connect to server '' and typing in the computer name i typed in the windows pc ethernet address and now not only does my password work it transfers data quite fast so it 's using the ethernet cable .
and for some reason now when i connect to the ubuntu computer from windows it uses the ethernet as well .
i 'm not entirely certain why but i 'm not going to complain .
i 'm on 5 different drugs lithium lamictal wellbutrin seroquel and zyprexa .
it just seems crazy lol that they should n't keep my moods in check .
i was hypomanic then i was this weird horrible thing were i was up but it was weird and bad .
i was even pounding on my head trying to make it stop .
i was having intrusive suicidal thoughts and the voice that tells me how terrible i am how nobody likes me was back .
i try hard to hold it back but it builds and then i 'm furious .
the few moments i 'm not angry i am talking nonstop .
my moods usually last at least a couple weeks .
when you say big data do you think of charities donations and non-profits ?
we non-profits have to go through quite a few hoops to get our donations .
and to get them we need to spend our donors ' money in a way the each individual donor feels the most comfortable with .
and with a large number of donors we really need to be on our game .
here are the three main areas where big data best helps us non-profits .
i will be completely new to vancouver so i do n't know anyone that 's going to sfu .
how is life living in residence as a 1st year ?
i was notified monday morning about a laptop with issues not opening up files by a tech i took a look and when i found the ransom note i made calls to our backup service to be ready to restore some network shares .
we were able to restore everything to last wednesday because the user who got infected did not notice any issues until friday night when they sent a ticket in but it looks to have finished encrypting thursday morning and the other user whom had access to the shares who did notice did n't say anything friday because they thought it was their desktop acting up .
the laptop had killed its access to wifi the ransom note popped up on startup but its not what i have dealt with in the past the file names were not encrypted or changed along with the file format not being changed either .
i have checked the registry and have n't found anything appdata doesnt seem to have anything as well as programdata .
malwarebytes and superantispyware have not been able to find anything along with eset combofix and a few others i have tried .
the link below has pictures taken of the ransom note .
the ransomware prevention we have been using has worked until this user got infected they also dont remember opening up any fishy emails along with any weird documents .
i 've been really digging this song and have n't found many others with a similar energy .
i am getting quite a bit of screen tearing on the pc version .
i can not find any fixes for it online yet so i thought someone on here might know .
i 'll be in vancouver for about a week at the end of june any photographers here with recommendations of where to go ?
looking to explore vancouver island a bit any idea what area these are in ?
so i have successfully rooted and am running a deodexed version of 5.0.1 but am having problems getting a customer recovery onto it so i can actually use xposed and other fun stuff .
every guide i 've found is either outdated or just does n't work .
i just managed to rescue my phone out of the unauthorized software '' lock but am still feeling brave .
i 've tried apps i 've tried loki i 've tried ...
anyone have a way around to locked bootloader to get cwm or twrp onto this thing ?
a note before beginning i 've just copied and pasted these from a self reflection document i 've been up keeping for a little while so if it seems a bit rambling it 's because i 'm practically talking to myself .
i 'm posting these just to get some other opinions on them before i go and test them out a great convenience that i 'm just now getting to make use of .
tiefling druid circle so we 're dealing with tiefling .
i would n't have even tried to create a character of that race before jiutou and the highrollers stream .
as of now i like the idea of playing a character at war with themselves instead of being as fiercely heritage bound as jiutou .
that 's why i chose druid because they are the embodiment of the natural world while a tiefling is one of the greatest perversions possible at least in my opinion .
they may have a choice between good and evil but they are certainly unnatural .
the backstory of such a character is going to be complicated so i 'll go through it step by step .
first circle druids are relatively organized so it is impossible for the character to have simply picked up a connection to nature like the moon druids .
so how would a tiefling have become part of a circle ?
well it would have to have occurred at a young age to achieve the sort of character i 'm going for .
it 's easy enough to say how they died they were tieflings after all but why would druids take in an orphan tiefling ?
idea the surrogate parent had recently lost a child of their own and was outraged when they found a group of bandits attacking a nomadic group of tieflings .
the parent intervened and defeated the attackers and rescued a child from the rubble .
he is n't quite certain what to make of himself due to having to deal with prejudice from his youth and his own insecurities given his connection to nature .
he knows that there is nothing wrong with him per say but the unnaturalness of his own being bothers him .
what exactly propels him into adventure depends on what the dm and i work out but he will harbor a secret desire to rid himself of his curse .
in-game he grits his teeth against discrimination but feels acutely the injustice .
he refuses to use his innate abilities in all but the most extreme of circumstances as a matter of principles .
his flaw is arrogance though not the snobbish sort .
he is afraid of failure so he tells himself he can not fail .
he has never had any true friends beside his surrogate mother so it may take him a while to care deeply for the party though he may be polite toward them early on .
drow monk sun soul okay so if i 've forgotten about this character concept i 'm probably thinking this is stupid .
it is a lovely flip of what normally is true .
first how the heck does a drow get to the surface much less learn martial arts that let him shoot sunlight ?
it is well known among the drow that their greatest weakness is the light of the sun so it comes to pass that they devised a ritual to invert the power of the underdark in order to allow them to both walk under the sun and in the dark earth .
a child was chosen just a houseless infant to test the dangerous magic on and taken all the way to the surface in order to perform the ritual since it makes sense for the light of the sun to be required .
the child 's eyes changed from ruby red to pure gold and several streaks of his hair turned the same shade .
but before the ritual was finalized they discovered too late that they were not alone .
a tribe of elves this detail can be changed ambushes them and takes the child .
being merciful and good they care for the the strange child who now sees as well as they above ground long enough to take him to a nearby monastery where he is taken on by the monks of deneir and ogma assorted knowledge gods .
it is under them that the child is raised and learns of the strangeness of his being .
he can not see in the dark nor can cast the spells his kin can .
but he can cast various light cantrips such as light and daylight .
he does not chafe under their tutelage for they are kindly sorts that care for knowledge above all else .
at some point he takes up the practice of meditation and martial arts as all students must at some point .
however he finds that the teachings of the gods of light lathander etc speak to him in some way that he does not quite understand .
it is because of this that he does not take up a weapon a pen like the priests or even the way of the open hand like some of the monks do .
once again his exact purpose in leaving his sanctuary is left open to change but i 'd imagine it has to do with his desire to uphold the tenets of his discipline and of course see the world .
his naivety is his greatest flaw for he does not understand evil or often the motivations of others .
the character development desired here is simple i want him to gradually become a realistic idealist .
feel free to add or subtract from these concepts or just talk about your own i look forward to it .
recent reports are linking to a growing use of opiates in hawaii see link 1 i 'd just like to remind everyone act 217 link 2 that provides immunity for individuals calling 911 to report an overdose was recently passed .
moreover please be aware that fake norco pills which were actually fentanyl pressed into the shape of legitimate pills are circulating california currently killing at least 7 people link3 .
i know this is n't r/drugs but tell your kids and friends calling 911 is okay .
as the article states act 217 might actually create a necessity for calling 911 least you get a murder by omission '' charge .
not sure how i feel about that portion but it is what it is
say i have a simple template class with a template method
i can easily provide an implementation of bar like so
however i 'd like to specialise on u like so
'foo t bar ' unable to match function definition to an existing declaration
can someone please explain to me how i can do this explicit specialisation if it 's even possible ?
the limited edition made big bang photo book is sold out everywhere except for the japanese yahoo auction site http auctions.search.yahoo.co.jp/search ? auccat tab_ex=commerce ei=utf-8 aq=-1 oq sc_i fr=auc_top p=made 20series 20collection x=0 y=0 .
i am not fluent in japanese and google translate always lets me down .
i would prefer the top version of the book but honestly any book will do .
i have come to terms with the fact that i will most likely not see big bang live so my only hope is this book .
i would compensate you or if there is something you want in the states shipped to you i would be happy to oblige .
also if this is the wrong sub for a post of this sort i apologize in advance .
it always gets overwritten when i change from fullscreen to windowed even when i exit the game so that 's useless .
also the pic never seems to save in folder that it says it will in the system options .
i usually play in 1366x768 my screen is n't big enough to be in windows mode for that or even 1024x768 .
and there are times where i unexpectedly want to take a screenshot so i ca n't change to windows mode .
available mon/tues/thur 7:30pm-12:30am cdt wed after 11pm for 1 lockout sat/sun flexible .
only willing to transfer servers if you 're serious and will pay the fee burned once by a now show group sorry .
message me here or find me in game on an alt to chat on ultros avatar korra .
anyone who is a fan of tb have any buff ideas ?
i really wa n't his old illusions back that did not expose that they were from tb also this aura metamorphosis is whack .
ak case hardened bs 955 pattern blue top with with crown on wood 90keys
about two months ago i was ghosted by a girl 27/f that i was dating for a few months .
i was pretty mad about it but now i 'm over it i think .
i 've been down for a while but now i think i got a chance .
i was friends with a younger girl 22/f that i knew from taking her to the grocery store when she moved into town .
we are pretty compatible as friends but i did n't pursue anything with her since i was dating the older girl .
thus we 've gone on some semi-dates grabbing food together went drinking with a group of friends went to restaraunts and places to have fun with a group etc .
she always texted me about once per week so we have a good connection as friends .
she has alot of guy friends but they do n't seem to get too far with her .
this friday i 'm getting a serious date with her .
she has already agreed and even offered to pay !
i want to escalate if i see the body language is right .
i feel the emotional connection already though and if i am guessing correctly she is at least considering escalating this too .
how far do you think i should go in terms of touching ?
i am shy in this aspect and usually only hug and hold hands at most if i have n't touched the woman before .
i do n't have any social anxiety though and am good at listening and conversation .
however i am receiving conflicting information on when a vive is available where i can get one when it will arrive and browsing this sub has n't gotten me much more clarifying information .
if i wanted to get it asap what do i do ?
i hope this is the place to post but i am working on my first app for my class and it is a basic button label and text field when the user inputs a text and presses the button the label changes to the inputted text .
unfortunately my app keeps crashing and i have no idea why .
i copied the code from the beginning swift and app development on the apple developer website .
do any additional setup after loading the view typically from a nib .
please if you notice you 're getting invaded often use the 'way of the blue ' covenant item in your equipment menu .
i 'm getting really bored of trying to find people to help .
i 've been using the mx revo mouse on linux for a few months now and had just been relying on the mouse wheel functioning the same as it was on my old windows system i think the mouse must store the configuration .
today these settings reset and i thought i was in trouble .
i found this little tool and the make and execution worked without any issue .
just unpack it somewhere make it then run it as per the instructions .
honestly i find it really hard to even watch any other series right now because the acting is so bad compared to better call saul in most of them .
it proves that series really dont need to rely on action scenes in every episode and the latest most attractive hollywood lead actors to be amazing .
a good director and a couple of good actors that are allowed to shine in their roles is really all it needs .
you can feel the tension with every minute its incredible .
if i compare this to a current popular show like the flash for example flash looks like a bland kid show .
ok maybe it is but you get the point .
why do you think series with good acting and an intelligent plot are so rare ?
i wish there would be alot more of them .
late in the season but i thought that the vast amount of sakura trees may mean that there 's plenty of yaesakura or those that made it through the storms .
send offer here https steamcommunity.com/tradeoffer/new ? partner=39891956 token=n4fn9kkg or add me !
i recently became a vegetarian like 2 days ago and obviously i 've stopped eating meat because i felt like a hypocrite for saying i love animals but having them for lunch .
so is it normal for me to miss eating meat ?
and is it normal for starting a completely new diet to be daunting and for me to be feeling dispondent sp ?
obviously i was excited when i started but then i realised everything that it would take and i 'm slightly just sad at all of it .
i am not getting the blue speed boost rings to respond after i go through them .
they do it sometimes but for the most part they are not .
trying to get the trophy for the race but ca n't because of this .
1 the orb missile combo happens 25 more often with 11 less damage on the orb which means only 5 less damage on the combo
2 triumvirate was nerfed less than proportionally to the orb nerf so triumvirate is actually buffed by 2.5
li ming post-nerf can now do one combo 2600 damage at level 20 950 dps every 4 seconds at range .
that 's theoretical damage because it 's super difficult to hit .
point is the post '' nerf '' damage is still huge and it happens more often now .
also since the new orbs come back within 1 second of aether walker teleports it 's easier to justify full ball build and never even entering the fight just go spamming free teleports then orbs constantly at long range for 10 tal rasha 's bonus .
and because the mana cost was lowered proportionally it will still take forever to run out of mana doing this .
meanwhile you 're lobbing 1400 damage aoe nukes every 4 seconds from 50 outside of vision range
i 'm having a hard time finding binaural music on spotify .
i hate how you are flooded with the dreaded binaural beats when searching for binaural material .
some pearl jam tracks one from lou reed street hassle
i 'm 22 graduated college last may have been in a full time position since then making about 19,000/yr but just negotiated a raise to 28,000/yr .
i have roughly 5000 in student loan debt 2000 in credit card debt and not including those payments i have 1000 in monthly housing expenses and recurring payments .
i 've had a savings account for many years but never any money to save so it 's pretty empty .
my question is how should i go about saving money and paying off debt at the same time ?
sometimes i feel like all my money should go to paying off debt other times i feel like i should save it all then i try to find a balance but i feel like i 'm not making any improvements on either one .
how do you find the balance between saving money and paying off debt ?
question to other st 's about choices of setting .
being a long time v tr st i 've always been used to the 'isolated feudal city ' aesthetic of the game though its always been fun having nomads and characters that like to straddle multiple cities .
but i 've started thinking about a game where characters not necessarily vampires but probably supernatural inhabit a city that functions or effectively functions as a state itself .
monaco san marino ect where significant control over the city officials effectively grants control over a nation .
i know stan does n't believe in resting his players and that it ruins the integrity of the game but he should really rest the starters tonight .
the playoff matchup is set there is literally no benefit of winning tonight 's game .
especially with guys like kcp reggie and marcus playing so much they could use a mini break before the playoff grind .
henrik larsson career start with helsingborgs if for 2 seasons and then travel around europe going as far as you can
hey all i just had the idea to set up a discord server for public discussion .
i figured it might work fairly well given that discord does n't need an account to use .
this might be a good step to take towards bringing the various centers for this group together .
there was a lot of interest for puzzles recently so i prepared a serious one this time .
the prize is simple a wrel decal but only one person can get it .
thus i made the puzzle rather hard since life is a journey not a destination . ''
to not make it too hard i 'm dropping hints left and right in this post only no further hints will be posted anywhere .
still i expect this to take a while but as zig ziglar once said lack of direction not lack of time is the problem .
oh and while this puzzle has nothing to do with ps2 except for the prize i 'll try to tie in some in-game elements to future puzzles good luck and i hope you have fun !
after all according to sydney j. harris happiness is a direction not a place . ''
the code hidden in the image below is a single-use code for a wrel decal .
its format is xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx where x is any number or capital letter but is divided into two parts xxxx-xxxx-xxxx and xxxx-xxxx so just join these two results with a dash longer code part first
the colored things are 'teleporters ' and the rest of the puzzle ... well it 's up to you to crack the code !
jumping on the bandwagon cause there is something that really needs to be fixed in sun and moon .
the moves that change type depending on different things .
these moves are hidden power secret power and weather ball .
they should show what type they are when a pokemon has that move .
yes i know it 's easy to find out what type secret power and weather ball are and the hidden power checker is always an option but there is just no way i can remember which pokemon had which type of hidden power and it would be so much simpler this way .
it should also show the type change when a pokemon has a certain ability that changes it like pixilate .
our privateer carpet has become a destroyer carpet leaving us far less vulnerable to an icelandic invasion and our tech is beginning to surpass finland 's .
our problem at this point is a lack of oil probably why we have so few aircraft and so many unupgraded regal ships .
this should be solved as soon as we research refrigeration giving us offshore platforms or invade france or sparta .
this will be my third year it 's for a great cause and you get to meet karl bones '' urban and other celebs .
free coffee prior to ku and a bbq lunch at the tulip farm .
i usually ride home via whidbey to make a day of it .
so i 'm experiencing a major display driver crash with some reproducability but at the same time it is sporadic in a weird way i 'll explain in an example later
the display driver will crash at just about any random moment .
the weird part is my driver seems to like crashing within the same area and only for a specific amount of time .
for example yesterday i was crashing when attempting a certain boss fight so i went to clear another branch of the game .
went through an entire branch without experiencing any crashes or similar chuggy behaviour for almost 2 hours .
then i went back to that first boss fight i mentioned and suddenly no crashes until i stopped playing for the night .
today i am having the same type of crashing but in another area separate to the first where i had experienced crashing .
i end up going down a different path within that area no crashes reach another boss fight .
get stuck go to farm embers from lothric knights just outside lothric castle and now every time i try to go to the bonfire at the bottom of the ladder i crash for reference i was crashing here last night trying to be spoiler free .
it is definitely not just this area giving me issues as i had crashed a few times in the same area in a few places last night but nowhere near this severity of crashing 90 of the time i try and pass through .
i can definitely say the crash is n't tied to the bonfire as i have crashed with consistency in areas without a bonfire so turning lighting to low will not fix this i 've tried lowering all settings to low with no changes
i have also tried reinstalling drivers using a third-party software to make the game run in windowed borderless as someone else posted in another thread with a similar crash issue and just about every other common solution to display driver crashes .
i do n't really understand the sudden surprise many of you are having with the recent pvp mentality ... it was presented in one of the original multiplayer reveal/trailer and for me personally was probably the main factor that got me initially hyped up about this game .
i played a semi unconventional list before eldrazi winter most notably playing no mom n pop and playing md fulminator mages so i could free up 3 more sideboard spots .
fulminator mage was my most frequently sideboarded card so i juggled my deck around and moved them into the main ... and had a lot of success with it actually .
they give a lot of mileage against affinity and infect man lands they can trade with gg 's and eidolons from burn and of course you can mana fuck people .
turns out you do n't really need to grind people into the late game with mom n pop if you mana fuck them on turn 3 while you catapult yourself into k com territory where you can either get back fulminator mage to continue killing their lands or you can do the regular snapcaster thing .
it was also the best i could do to try to play grixis through eldrazi winter though even md answers to broken decks still does make them not broken .
anyways without showing my old list this is my new list
cards that i think bad and i will say mean things about also cards i 'm not playing and why
thing in the ice this card is unplayable in every format except maybe legacy or vintage but it is absolutely at it 's worst in modern .
this card is the absolute worst in terms of being a bad combination of requiring you to work too hard to get any payoff at all and being incredibly easy to answer .
modern is a removal format and while dies to doom blade is a bad argument against something in this case you are generally talking about a threat light deck most grixis or delver for that matter play less than 15 creatures so losing a threat is a real problem .
yea ... as it turns out normally when you are k com'ing back stuff you are either in top deck mode or very near to it .
this card is awful with no cards in hand or near to it .
what 's worse it 's not even a good defender .
when you want to block with this thing affinity you generally ca n't and when you do n't want to block generally bolt decks goyf decks tasigur decks the blocks are always terrible feeling .
i have played against several thing in the ice decks and sand bagged removal to encourage my opponent to play spells more aggressively but not necessarily at the best time and gotten mad value off of them blowing their load to go all in on a cyclonic rift that i do n't even let them have .
this card is bad stay away from it in modern .
pia and kiran nalaar mom n pop ok so this card is n't bad but i 'm not playing it .
kalitas is the realest deal there ever was more on that later .
i like this card but i think grixis is just on to blacker pastures .
jace vryn 's prodigy ok so i actually am playing one of these but i am not very happy to see him most of the time .
jace give your opponent an opportunity to interact when the cold hard truth is jace offers more interaction for you opponent than you really should be giving them .
he 's a lot like thing in the ice you play it and it 's just like this powder keg for your opponent .
you should not reasonably expect them to allow it to live .
if they do they are either bad or have had bad draws in either case jace is really on the win more side of cards .
jace if fine but really it 's ancestral vision that is pushig him out and contrary to popular beleif it 's actually not the greatest plan to run a deck with 4 ancestral visions 4 jace and 4 serum visions and if you do n't beleive me ask you local affinity burn infect boogles player what their opinions opponent 's overly durdly decks are notice i am only play 3 visions and 1 jace .
this is subject to change with the meta but right not i 'm not all about durdling forever .
do n't get me wrong he 's a great top deck when everyone hellbent and you ca n't k com an ancestral vision back so i am playing the one jvp .
but when i see him in my opening hand i know my chances of losing are higher because of it unless my opponent is bad or unlucky .
counter spells this is modern people and black has better counterspells than blue .
mana leak sucks especially against ancestral vision and remand creates tempo swings grixis has no hope of ever capitalizing on .
i play 2 countersqualls in the side almost exclusively for combo matches but i do bring them in against blue because they are frequently more relevant than bolts .
even the good '' counterspell cryptic command is basically just asking your opponent to blood moon you out of the game when grixis is actually pretty easy on color requirements and generally does n't have all that hard of a time with blood moon .
cards i like aka weird cards i am playing that i am not seeing anyone talk about
fulminator mage i talked about this guy earlier so i wo n't ramble on .
this guy was my most sided in card and i wanted to make space in my sideboard .
kalitas traitor of ghet what a fucking beast this man is .
this guy does everything you would ever want to do ever forever .
grixis ca n't gain life has trouble with fast decks solved .
grixis does n't play scooze so it has trouble griding against other k com decks and can have trouble with cards like kitch finks solved .
sometimes grixis has trouble winning games fast enough solved .
i can not tell you how absolutely incredible this guy is exiling your opponents creatures and making zombies is the greatest feeling in the world .
coco decks look like jokes with all their creatures that trade with bears and work by having persist or making voice tokens .
affinity decks that go all in with ravager sac 's set themselves up for instantaneously lethal back cracks .
there is no better feeling than killing opposing grixis decks snapcasters tasigurs and mom n pops with this on the battlefield because of how tremendously bad it makes the k com 's .
and those thopters are not racing a 3 power lifelink creature or any of his zombie cohorts .
people need to start playing this guy and i 'm talking jund and abzan decks need to start looking at this guy .
now he does come with 2 very important draw backs .
double black defiitely makes this deck softer to blood moon when again grixis is largely a deck that can ignore blood moons normally .
the other issue is that where mom n pop can come down and either die or trade and you are happy with your thopters or the prospect of k coming them back kalitas coming down and dying is pretty bad .
still my testing has shown me this guy is an absolute monster for a lot of decks to play against .
i am afraid of my opponents playing this against me some day .
goblin dark dwellers i actually do n't like this guy but i 'm still testing .
a lot of people really like remand right now and 5 mana sorcery speed cards are not where you want to be .
the power level is fine it 's possible this should just be a 4th snapcaster or possibly a 4th ancestral vision or something but for now i 'm testing gdd .
i have had games where i suspend vision on 1 cast it on 5 play gdd recast it from my yard .
those are basically free wins but that does n't always happen .
i 'll say this much this card is bad against affinity burn boggles infect and coco decks .
honestly another contender for this spot is a 1 of md damnation i simply do n't own one .
pretty stock i have n't played around here too much .
i 'm not sure the nihil spell bombs are necessary anymore .
no one is playing delve or thought sour anymore and kalitas really helps cover this avenue .
other note worthy cards child of night and pack rat .
child of night is for burn but you can side it in when you feel like you need more threats and less removal decks like ad nasuem 8 rack lantern .
pack rat is also there purely for increased threat density when i feel like i need it generally it 's not great again it 's not for grindy mu 's .
i 'm not going to do go every ever match up grixis is a known deck and for the most part is about the same as it was in december .
i 've explained my divergent choices namely md fulminator mage kalitas low numbers of jace not 4 ancestral vision so let me know what you think .
i 'm aware my mana base could probably use a second blood crypt or watery grave instead of a second steam vent .
i have n't made any changes yet other than going up from 21 lands to 22 lands added a 4th polluted delta .
side note i see a lot of grixis lists with 24 lands .
grixis is not a deck that ever really wants more than 6 or 7 lands in play .
remember when you play stuff like 4 serum visions and some number of cards like jace and ancestral vision it is virtually like you are playing more lands .
i see these 24 lands 4 serum vision 3 jace 4 ancestral visions and i am seeing like an effective 28-30 land deck and that is just not what grixis is about .
you almost never pay full price or tasigur this is a big part of why i do n't like gdd i 'd sooner cut gdd than add lands. .
i had n't picked up dmm until the seasonal and i 've come to this conclusion
because the dmms ' goal '' as such is to gain entry to seasonal/top 2k you 're better off just skilling in safezones under the current system unless you have 500 noted sharks and 50 prayer potions and an out-of-safe bank unlocked .
i started dmms on entrana blowing glass for the first few days instead of questing .
this may have been a mistake but it lead me to a nice way to play dmm without muling .
all you do is play 10 item protect ironman until you have enough of your main skill to start safezone training .
you could even protect 1k coins in a platinum token.
without trade limit '' gp-limit would need to have prices set by dmm market not osrs .
as a side-note on muling ge prices need to really be reset for dmm as items like seeds are of value to only 1000 players total .
the reason for this is that if anyone pks me they 'd get cheap clue loot and seeds as well as orange slices and to mention them again platinum tokens as one of the items since its better to have 2 stacks of coins if you only drop 28 items .
also osrs junk like gmaul and dboots are bank in dmm but appear below other items because of the ge value .
because of harsh xp loss when unskulled many people quit fast .
unskulled deaths for questers and skillers should lose 5 or have increased xp until returning to their previous level .
perhaps xp rates decrease past a certain level ie 75 slows down glory/black hides from my perspective but more importantly barrage .
rework of dmm combat mechanics to look more like wilderness .
this would allow farmers to avoid being barraged for onions .
fog is removed and replaced with hybridding demons including random k'rils rampaging around safezones .
periodically increase all monster combat levels possibly when they are killed
i enjoyed dmms but it seems like a flawed concept especially after seeing people in max gear tanking for hours or sparc mac just being speared to death by door mechanics .
i grew up in miami and remember mosquitos being inescapable during the summer .
i 'm visiting my in-laws in orlando in early may and just wan na get an idea of what they 're looking like right now .
i know there have been zika cases of folks in florida getting it from travel somewhere else or through sexually transmitted means but i can sometimes be a big ball of anxiety so whatever knowledge i can grab to help myself actually enjoy my trip would be great .
after killing a kree'arra it dropped a godsword shard 3 .
if god had created colours without also having created the faculty of vision what good would that have served ? 'none at all . '
conversely if he had created the faculty of vision without causing objects to be of such a nature as to be visible to it what good would have been served in that case too ? 'none . '
or again if he had brought about these two things but had n't created light ?
'in that case too no good would have been served . '
who is it then who has adapted one thing to another ?
who has adapted the sword to the scabbard and the scabbard to the sword ?
and yet from the very structure of such artefacts we 're accustomed to recognize that they 're undoubtedly the work of some maker rather than being mere products of chance .
not to criticize epictetus specifically here because much of the mathematics needed to disprove the design argument did n't exist then or were still in development .
the concept of probability was still in the early stages .
it could be that the design argument wasn't the major argument of the stoics for the existence of a conscious pantheistic god and that the actual stoic physics is largely lost to us .
this would make the above argument by epictetus his exhortation or protreptic that is a style of discourse intended for people who are n't themselves all that familiar to the school .
yet in a philosophy that stresses heavily our ability to reason and the discipline of assent it should be odd for us today to think that we should know that the argument is invalid but accept it 's conclusion anyway .
yet i do n't altogether reject the idea of some kind of stoic diety most importantly because an invalid argument does not make the conclusion false .
but the discipline of assent to me anyway demands skepticism .
i killed 21 graceful followers of armadyl all called kree'arra .
its my first and last time posting something here .
i wonder what are you guys at massive are actually thinking when patching the game every fun aspect of the game is gettting either nerfed or patched i dont care about the lack of content needs alot more but i am complaining about how are you making this game a monotone and boring grinding fest lets take warframe for example that game is grindy but it is fun yeah fun you are turning this game into a tasteless piece of software .
also every info you guys give us its not 100 accurate it feels like massive is lying to our faces here you have a player that is leaving this game for good all because youve proven that you are incompetent at listening to the community even tho you claim you do .
it is telling me to go to a website to see if its actually me or they will suspend my account is this a scam or legitimate ?
i want to turn a basic laser pointer into a stronger one that will at least burn through a sheet of paper .
i know the basic information but what would be a step by step guide on how to do that ?
29 german soldiers left to join isis army may have dozens more jihadist sympathizers https reddit.com//r/europe/comments/4em7u7
i 'm looking for a heavy weapons str build for pvp .
hey guys my parents are visiting the us in may .
normally they go to tampa for a couple days as its their beach of choice but they 're getting bored of it .
what are some great beaches that are quiet aka no party-goers have a lot of nature around but still have things to do restaurants movie theaters shopping etc .
this is a list of items that can be traded to the crows which i will continue to expand on through your contribution and my findings .
i 'm aware that lists like this already exist however they seem to have been abandoned so i would like to maintain this one until the wiki is more reliable or until we find everything .
please excuse some of the names being incorrect i 'm playing on the japanese version so i 'm either using names from previous games e.g .
xanthous crown or i 'm using my own translations .
i will change this when i have the proper english names .
russian attack aircraft just flew within 30 feet of a u.s. navy ship https reddit.com//r/europe/comments/4emj5y
this should be a really easy one i guess .
i do n't know what this function is called in english but i am talking about the function that for example gives a cell a color if some rule is true '' .
i tried to google for my problem but i just could n't make it work .
the first one is always empty and should just change the background color of it 's cells if the cell to its right in coulumn b contains a specific word .
i know how to set it up in general but i ca n't figure out this tiny piece of code i have to put into the rule for coumn a to identify the right cells to color ...
i need some of the components in the camera effects or image effects package do n't recall the name that should already come with unity .
but i ca n't seem to find where or how to get them .
it 's not an option in assets import which is where i 've been directed to go .
i 'm doing some interailing in europe over summer with an experienced friend .
i 've not done much travelling myself and have a week between when we part ways in vienna and when i fly back from berlin .
as i 'm not terribly experienced is vienna krakow prague berlin an efficient route in a week with a day or so in each city as well as a day trip to aushwitz ?
appreciate feedback and sorry if this post should n't really be here
from the looks of a few posts that i have read here on reddit it seems like there have been some tough questions on immunology experienced by recent test takers .
can anyone who has taken the exam give me a recommendation for a good immunology source that i can use in addition to fa ?
may or may not be inspired by the beginning of the movie i wo n't spoil anything past the first 10 minutes of the movie .
only inspired by it do n't consider this story to be restricted by it in any way .
michelle awoke with a fog of red still stabbing her eyes .
she took a few minutes and groans to finally realise that she was awake and alive .
there was a loud bang that kept repeating through her head .
michelle groggily opened her eyes and took in the white cement wall on the opposite side of the room .
there also appeared to be a metal door on it 's side .
no wait ... i am on my side the embarrassingly dumb thought making her conclude she still had some waking up to do .
with an effort and a sudden sharp stinging sensation in her temple a byproduct of the crash she sat up from the thin mattress on which she was laying on .
michelle did a quick scan of the room and found it mostly empty except for a pile of clothing in the corner covered in what she assumed was blood .
it quickly dawned on her that all she was wearing underneath the blanket was a lace bra and panties set she had gotten from polyvore just a few weeks earlier .
besides the skimpy outfit she felt a strange extra item surrounding her right knee .
slowly lifting the blanket a cold sweat burst down the back of her neck when she discovered a sturdy looking metal brace shackling her knee to the piping on the wall .
in a small fit of panic her arms immediately grasped for the shackle .
a few tugs later and she realised that it was not going to be that easy .
her mind finally finished booting and she began looking around attentively taking everything in for the first time .
the last memory she had was driving down a quiet highway a loud crash and a bang being the last thing before black .
she must 've gotten into an accident but how did she end up here ?
someone may have kidnapped her while she was unconscious maybe this was just a really poor hospital .
the metal door cranked loudly to michelle 's surprise .
the metal began scraping across the ground as a rather built man walked in .
he seemed like the kind of guy who had worked on a farm for his entire life as evident by his figure and fashion sense .
she sat there frozen the blanket held up to her chest to protect what little decency she could afford staring at the man .
he stood there staring at her for a good while before finally speaking .
michelle continued staring at him without saying a word studying the man .
'' he bellowed angrily making michelle physically jump a bit from the intense feeling of fear she suddenly felt .
just please do n't hurt me ... '' michelle stammered her eyes diverted down away from his crushing gaze .
michelle realised that the hands that were holding the blanket covering her chest were now up as if she were under arrest .
she felt the cold air of the room slide across her breasts and shoulders feeling exposed .
i just feel as though i deserve at least an answer what for saving your life and everything . ''
michelle returned her gaze to the man 's face and saw him smiling .
the man had just roared a moment ago and now looked like he won a round of blackjack .
your car was upside down on the side of the highway .
i dug you out of the wreckage and brought you here away from the outside . ''
it might be aliens it will depend on the frequency of air patrols . ''
you would be dead right now if it was n't for me . ''
michelle 's eyes were unfocused as she tried to take it all in .
her mouth quivered as to whether he was serious about thanking him .
the man questioned in a slightly elevated tone making michelle jump again .
her mind was a mess of thoughts and emotions .
the man answered more calmly turning to look around the empty room .
well if you 're gon na stay with me you 're gon na need to pull your weight and there 's not much you can do at least for now until i show you how everything works .
so why do n't you take that bra off ? ''
the man added walking over to the pile of bloody clothes in the corner not even looking when he said it .
his calm tone juxtaposed against what he said caught michelle off guard and brought her back in the moment .
i mean you wo n't know how most of the stuff in this bunker works how to work the air ventilation even flushing the toilet takes a few steps .
it 'll take some time but you can learn slowly . ''
her mind raced as she tried to understand if this man was just playing with her or if he genuinely seemed that oblivious .
until then i am going to need something from you so you can just give me what you have to offer .
he said finally stopping and looking at her with the 'you . '
michelle could n't think straight what was happening right now ?
how was she going to ever get out of this .
she did n't see any exits in that very moment and before she could even tell her arms to stop they were reaching behind her back and unhooking her clasp .
her bra slouched and she slowly slid the straps off her shoulders staring at the floor the entire time too ashamed to look at his face .
her nipples were greeted with the cold air as her breasts were exposed to the man .
he said tossing what looked like a ring of keys at her before turning back towards the door .
feel free to come out whenever you like rest up some more if you want you must still be tired .
i 'll start cooking something in an hour or so and you can recharge you must be famished . ''
howard said walking out the door leaving it slightly ajar .
he stuck his head back in and spoke to michelle his eyes fixated on her breasts rather than her face .
just make sure you take your panties off too when you come out .
he said with a smile and a playful wag of the finger before walking away .
howard is intended to be a very ambiguous character where you never know what he is thinking .
one thing is for certain he truly believes in earning your keep .
howard will earn his place in his bunker by working and maintaining it .
and he is fully prepared to teach michelle how to begin working on the bunker herself .
in his mind however it is completely sensical and justified to use her body to make up for her technical deficiencies until she learns .
he assumes she understands completely and would find it baffling if she disagreed .
i am looking for a long term partner that really does n't mind possibly multiple days between posts .
real life is demanding and time is very tough to come by .
i of course will do my best to reply and aim to reply nightly if possible especially for the first few replies .
just be warned that it may seem like i disappeared .
if i am going to stop writing for whatever reason i will tell you and not leave you hanging .
if you are interested just send me a pm as to what aspect you like about the story freeuse domination etc ... we can have a chat !
hi looking for a super glue to fix some small stuff around my house key ring reattaching some plastic parts etc ... and was wondering what the best super glue you guys have used is .
instant i do n't want stand there holding the pieces together
resealable cap not required but definitely ideal so i can use it more than once
currently use loctite super glue professional liquid http www.staples.com/henkel-loctite-professional-super-glue-20-grams/product_886833 ? cid=ps googleplas:886833 ci_src=17588969 ci_sku=886833 kpid=886833 lsft=cid ps-_-googleplas-_-886833 kpid:886833 adtype pla channel online gclid=cj0keqjw3le4brdxx5bk4adn9t4beiqafmxqgqou1slfk2cqcjgpwyffkd2k7eahjssqhjcbzepu30eaaizt8p8haq and it holds together for approximately 2 hours .
if i were loctite i 'd be embarrassed at how poorly it works .
i 've used krazy glue and 3m stuff in the past and it was good but i was wondering if you all have used anything better .
i checked the crafts sub-reddit and it gave me no useful information .
i figured everyone here is probably pretty handy and has experience with this .
is n't it going to be the betting game with pretty much did all last year ?
like is it going to be an urn or something ?
you people title everything like you 're creating click-bait news links .
most of you sound like you work for massive/ubisoft or their competition .
and before you mention it yes i loved tropic thunder please fill the thread with appropriate replies for my amusement .
listen i 'm disappointed in many of the updates as well partially because i let my imagination go wild and also partly because due to the wording used some statements from massive were at best poorly worded .
complaints aside i am happy for three things guaranteed he drops from named enemies potential gear set drops from challenge mode bosses and guaranteed gear set piece with every incursion completion .
these changes are an improvement over the previous loot tables for players attempting to update their gear .
tl dr please try to see views other than your own and discuss rather than rant .
proper discourse will better assist the game you and the community .
i 'm selling my 670 to upgrade and i 'm in a 400-500 price range .
is it worth to wait for the new 1000 series cards or can i get a 980 .
will i be able to consistently max out games on a 980 and how future proof will it be since the new cards are coming out soon ?
i had a customer come in wanting me to replace the front sight on his c39v2 to give him windage adjustments .
does anyone know if they use a standard barrel profile .
i tried putting a saiga post on it but it wouldnt fit .
first time buying keys with cash if you need any info i will provide .
does your finishing move involve poisonous gasses and your opponents ' asses ?
wait i 'm a bit confused on the ryu ex dp what did you change to make it whiff and not beat you out ?
they 're not going to close down a whole grocery store just for coachella .
it 's basically just the actual venue itself camping and parking that 's blocked off .
hahahaha wow sorry i was just commenting on the missed space in well apparently every post
first nice keycaps so it 's not like i 'm lamenting my 4.6 million keycaps going to waste p poor alps users
i think the community gets a say in this .
despite what people think toxic behaviour does n't have to be a 'give in ' .
the community can continue to reject such behaviour with the support of blizzard .
if you create an environment where that kind of behaviour is simply unacceptable you can pull a lot of people into line .
continue to post the on the importance of team work of working with your team instead of against them .
the game just is n't much fun for lone wolves .
you can get as angry as you like with the rest of your team ... you ca n't win without them .
sooner or later people will realise that and either improve or leave .
i 'm a guy with crazy long eyelashes and i hate them .
women tell me all the time about how jealous they are and i 'm just tired of hearing it at this point .
also fuck all the eyelashes i constantly am having to pick out of my eyes .
i was half hoping this would be a video that only had c9 and tsm members in would have been funny lol
majority of modern muslim scholars and then goes on to qualify that by explaining the debate about the defination and what exactly qualifies .
like i said lots of caveats in the pro death penalty camp .
and i agree apostasy should n't carry a punishment on ethical and religious grounds and can and have debated people about this .
you are n't taking to someone in opposition to that statement .
everything is just so saturated and unoriginal in all all walks of life at this point that i feel like there is no hope sometimes .
it 's not like i think i will be blowing anyone 's mind any time soon but i just wonder what else could possibly come up .
that was put together by one of our co-leaders a player named eonblade .
there are instructions on how to run your own academy here https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=ycimnnlr3my
we have a playlist here https www.youtube.com/playlist ? list=plt-lcxgjlg41b_vcqyf1thpooej88buo0 that goes over how we critique regular matchmaking attacks for our players ... it 's more of a visual approach to what to look for and what strategic considerations to make .
it takes a long time to get a player well versed in all the different kung fu styles so we run different academies as often as our players have the appetite for it .
we just wrapped up a zapquake academy and at least for me it 's always a pleasure to see a strategy click '' with a player especially when they 've struggled it for a while and we help them over whatever has been holding them back .
what 's up everybody it 's cr1tikal ... let 's do this shit
i 'm glad you brought up the boob issue bc i was going to ask .
what drives me insane is the support i mean lack thereof and pretty every swimsuit .
i 'm waiting on one from kohl 's to come in .
but after 2 kids ... i struggle enough keeping them covered chasing kiddos some support would help a momma out !
at my school pink and blue-grey are considered natural colors .
auri ca n't help but smile at how adorable the other girl is gently taking her face in a cool hand and leaning in once more .
if you are 74 you 've probably started some wealth transfer to the next generation as well to limit the tax implications .
edit interesting enough can also spot lion and temeraire these were the lion class that were laid down .
along with the old kgv class names beatty ect so this can be put at 1939 or so .
the guy is genuine as hell but this is the wrestling industry you need something to get the fans excited .
their have been a ton of athletic wrestlers in the past who could not connect with the fanbase .
why would it be any better than the federal reserve system ?
jacksonville axemen put up their games on youtube and the final gets streamed but apart from that i think the only option is to actually go to a game .
we are just two super-independent people barely even give each other birthday or christmas gifts so usually bonding experiences are wasted on us .
do i have to ask one of my friends about this ?
he 's that new brand of 'bernie minarchist ' and thinks he 's some radical new type of progressive hahaha
language on a dec pdp-8e with 2k built in and a 4k add-on board 12-bit word 3v logic .
forget av club '' we were writing 1974 software it was 1974 .
at one point we pranked the rival high school with it .
i 'd been a little science fanatic much earlier .
then i saw the whole chariots of the gods '' book-burning physics professors thing .
yes but if you 're with a team of bad players matchmaking will not match you against sweaty players most of the time so theoretically playing with players worse than you will help your kd .
melanin the chemical that we all have but black people have more of this making black people ... black comes with some surprising abilities http www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/18479839 of course uv protection is right up there but there are some interesting thoughts on energy conversion as well
i like the art style and flow of the minimalist game play .
i know it was trying to be intentionally vague in its story but i think it was too vague .
it could 've been helped by putting the dialogue next to the person saying it .
i think you never speak in the story but it was still confusing to me in the beginning .
you had to keep your erection perfectly still for like 5 minutes for proper exposure .
lol in his wikipedia page there is a theory that he had to make a sharp maneuver to avoid a weather balloon .
this tells me that weather balloons are involved in every conspiracy ever .
but their stats only go up to 99 wo n't be very realistic will it
definitely try to take it to a small claims court like others are saying if he is saying that .
it 's pretty good evidence when he is saying that he still has them .
i do n't know how he could lie around that .
kanu believe i did n't realize kanu is n't in the game ?
imagine how i felt i started out as deprived because i figured it 'd give me the ability to level up quicker how i wanted early in the game .
took me a few tries to kill ludex but i imagine if i played like enb it 'd only take me once .
being able to feed yourself and your family is one of the biggest areas that can save you money .
you can cook the same meals that you would order from a restaurant for the fraction of the price .
i 've been tracking my food costs and found that i can make a pizza for 1.56 or 0.26 per slice .
i 've only read the first couple of pages and i 'm already interested in alan young 's journey
guess you 'll have to take a picture of your screen .
i read the title quickly and thought it was r/subredditsimulator .
that is the topic of this branch of the thread that you are replying to .
if you went off on an unrelated tangent not sure how anyone would know that .
oh shit i didnt know the reset was right when the hotfix hit .
thats lame then if it 's bugged yet again .
it 's like a juice fast except it 's a diet of potatoes .
my handwriting options are gender-ambiguous 10 year old '' and drunk engineer . ''
to be fair though i have fucking shit fine motor skills .
there is only one thing for certain everything changes .
we are like everything else in existence processes undergoing constant change .
in zen they say the ego must die every day .
if you 've checked my profile you would see why .
this is what i currently have for pumps https i.imgur.com/y5cufda.png
the pumps lead down to my main base https i.imgur.com/a4e6abu.png seen in the bottom corner do n't mind the mess in the entirety of that image this is my very first world and i decided to stick with it .
and i also learn games by diving in and learning from there .
so actually planning out for the future comes in on world 2
you 're actually more likely to be the victim of a violent crime committed by a stranger than she is though .
if it is an online course the people who created the course should be captioning their videos .
if it is required for work his employer is required to provide accommodations .
if it is required for a university course the university is required to provide accommodations .
nobody mentioned how anti-tempo it is because it 's really obvious .
i mean the whole point of the card is that it is anti tempo but can give a lot of value in a control game .
and it 's always when i actually have important work to do that has a deadline .
frankamp was the all-time scoring leader in the wichita city league from wichita north .
he broke perry ellis ' scoring record from wichita heights .
i do n't think those qualify as recruiting hotbeds '' .
mike wright looks like he would teach 8th grade woodshop
one thing i want that i do n't see on the side bar is a link to a site to buy official merch and maybe a list of all official merch that has been sold .
i am a bit of a collector so these would be really helpful .
i 'm new to the sub but not new to babymetal and i 'm going to the concert in chicago next month so i 'd love to get some merch before i go .
never seen seen the show but the music 's pretty cool .
i liked the twist at the end of the ride .
hmm i need to google this swimsuit wrestling '' thing .
always nice to have harima eri scenes but this one is missing the usual spark .
that was kinda mean of karasuma to throw harima and eri to their deaths .
i guess this is why there is no season 3 ?
while flying the kites is that a nightgown eri 's wearing under the open coat ?
i knew yakumo would draw harima 's beard whiskers for the penalty game but it was still pretty neat .
hanai should be glad he 's still lost in the sky somewhere .
like someone else said safe words are pretty important .
my girlfriend and i have 3 one for slow down '' one for stop '' and a hand signal for i need to take a breath '' .
i find it makes sex orders of magnitude better .
if your girlfriend is keen to try some of this stuff out well you 're very lucky .
it is an opportunity to have a lot of fun with her .
myself i am naturally a very submissive person outside of sex .
that is because i have a personality disorder that amongst other things makes me very submissive .
at the start when i was still discovering it in myself i was awkward .
my dominant side was initially in a very rough state .
personally i see d/s stuff like bondage sadomasochism etc as playing '' .
since i know what she likes and i enjoy making her feel good it naturally occurs to me to do the things she likes .
i literally act a part and that part is genuine because it relies on improvisation .
i think it 's important to be able to improvise .
the best way to be able to improvise is not necessarily having a good imagination it 's having extremely good communication with your partner .
if you have trust and communication things will come naturally to you .
you both need to know each others boundaries and to know your own boundaries too .
communication will build the trust you need to engage in d/s activities that you both enjoy .
but just do n't forget it 's a game .
you need to be able to see it like that otherwise playing the part will feel awkward and unnatural .
when i domme i forget about my girlfriend 's desires .
that may sound awful but of course i never actually forget that she 's marie the girl i love and care about more than anyone in the world .
but if i truly forgot she was my girlfriend and did truly see her as a fuck toy it 'd be boring .
if i do something and she does n't like it and wants it to stop she can use her safeword .
until she does her body is mine under my control existing for my pleasure .
it 's up to you both to communicate and find out what those things are .
at the start your girlfriend will likely need to guide you a bit and reassure you .
the more often you do it the less guidance and reassurance you will need .
she ca n't just throw you in the deep end and say k domme me now '' .
it 's something that takes time and practice to become good at .
she needs to be willing to guide you at the start even if it detracts from the sexiness .
the thing to remember about d/s activities is that it 's less about actual physical sensations and more about psychology .
the psychological part is layered on top of the physical sexual part .
in one my hands are tied behind my back i 'm lying on my tummy on the bed and she 's fingering me while pulling my head back by my hair .
in the other scenario she is doing exactly the same thing except i 'm not tied up and she is n't holding me by my hair .
so in the first scenario i will orgasm in about 30 seconds if she goes all out .
in the second scenario it 'd take much longer .
the psychological aspect to being tied up helpless being dominated is what enables me to orgasm so much better .
it 's not even the physical sensations as much as it is the emotions i feel from being dominated .
you also need to be able to talk about the things you do with each other .
the other day my girlfriend ordered me off the bed onto my hands and knees .
then she balled up her underwear and tossed it across the room .
i was n't allowed to stand up or use my hands .
even at the time i knew it was a game .
i enjoyed it because it 's not this super serious thing .
if i had felt awkward or embarrassed it would have ruined it .
i did feel shy but not in a bad way .
you both need to be able to indulge your desires .
knowing what she likes will make it fun for you to do them .
we 've only been doing d/s stuff for about 6 months so i 'm actually pretty new to it myself .
but i have learnt so much over those months and really developed my abilities and desires .
d/s is easily the most fun thing i 've ever done in my life .
it is a source of so much happiness pleasure and intimacy .
tying her up might be a good place to start .
there is nothing like having your hands tied to feel controlled .
i use black silk scarves for tying up and other things .
also do n't look up bdsm porn to get ideas .
it will build trust and make everything more fun .
syndergaard should make adjustments and hopefully settle back into a groove .
i 'd do every dungeon simply because i love chllenges .
when it happened in my game the event text still included the bit about emulating the caliphs of old http i.imgur.com/jecvvkm.jpg even though he was zoroastrian so it might be an oversight/bug .
so the launcher is purely just an interface customizer and has nothing to do with performance ?
and so how would i get a google number ?
i 'm happy to hear that you paid homage to your super cool birthname by moving it to your middle name .
if i chose a distinctly new first name i would do this with my birthname for sure even though mine is strictly female .
thank you for your 8-month timeline as well and that you were n't comfortable until you were out to everyone .
i 'm not out to everyone from my past either and sometimes the straight masculinization feels too close to home looks like a typo .
for real though when is this bot gon na get mod status so these comments can get stickied ?
manjar or dulce de leche is waaay better than that solidified palm oil with cocoa shavings
you 've got a great attitude about it and being a game dev can be a pretty brutal job/hobby sometimes so do n't get discouraged !
just kidding man really fucking sorry to hear that .
hopefully they catch them and you get your shit back .
maybe keep an eye on craigslist for the mac pro ?
she had a high iq and not a lick of common sense .
shirts are long in the sleeves but that 's it .
as for the jeans you do n't show us the top blocks so i ca n't say .
a hem is an easy fix so that should n't be an issue .
as for the legs if you like the fit thy are good some would go a bit slimmer and some a bit looser so it 's up to you .
haha i 'll definitely grab a gopro if i can grab an audience .
it 's definitely done breaking in just over 14,000 miles on it but it 's running like a charm still and i 've heard of these quasar engines running 30,000 miles with minimal worry and 60,000 miles with a little bit of care .
i solved it thank you very much for helping though .
idk what people are talking about but i get glorious performance .
i do n't know who you are but thanks to reddit i do know you 're not president obama .
thanks bro i see more hate reviews on the cloud ii so i 'm probably going to get the ones .
because they might be helpful some links i spam at new/potential builders
read the first lurk the second third will do the math for you fourth is an explanation of what the math actually is .
why do we need a separate thread for this when people complain about this game every day ?
it will not allow you to lock out techs .
ige will only allow you to give yourself techs that are already valid within the game 's database .
i only want nice stuff gold and stones especially rings from my so .
but a guy friend could totally get me like fun dinosaur earrings or a harry potter charm bracelet .
my so can also buy me those things if he happens to read this hint hint .
but a fancy piece of jewelry from just a friend would make me a bit uncomfortable unless he was also dating someone and it was a joint gift from a couple .
the point is that since anybody can edit wikipedia it ca n't be relied upon as a scholarly resource .
a textbook may fall out of date but unless it was supplied to the school district by the oil industry it will never lie to you .
there has never been a prank entry in a textbook .
if there 's no new patch before manila christmas is cancelled
they are nothing of the sort they 're bigotry pure and simple .
you will have a blast you will learn stuff and you will also accumulate a small but select personal hit list of people you wish would just die or something .
wear gloves to pull weeds wear a sun hat and bring a bottle of water to drink .
and take a pee before you get in the car .
if you make it to the end of the summer the admins will love you forever and you can have any job or assignment you desire because they have a dropout rate of like 98 by the end of may .
linking to faraci 's site should be a bannable offense at this point .
i kept telling everybody this game was going to be a shit disappointment like everything that comes from ubisoft but nooooo
i just read that he gives you another one later in the game that you can use .
do n't have time for a big right up here but
great for people trying to get into anime because it takes influence from western tv dramas .
it is a psychological thriller based on the concept that s pseudo-god figure can kill anyone in the world only by knowing their name and face .
highly regarded in the anime community as one of the best .
has western influences as well great animation great dub great voice actors good comedy and action .
it is about two brothers who become alchemists magic users kinda for the state and work with the military .
premise may not sound great but it is very entertaining .
i would start with these there 's a number of places to watch them including free sites if you try and find them .
yeah i 'm not saying it 's shit just not a stand out track .
if you look at the previous 3 albums they released at least 2 killer tracks off the bat .
spirit of radio freewill from permanent waves then tom sawyer limelight from mp then subdivisions and new world man analog kid to boot on good stations from signals .
i 'm saying kid gloves would be held in the same esteem if it were the initial release from p/g but the general public did n't get exposure to the track as it was a only ever played in a very few markets with rush savvy rush friendly programmers .
and i think releasing distant early warning 1st was n't the only questionable choice in promoting the album .
red sector a was released 2nd and had some traction but afterimage the body electric were 3rd and 4th releases and garnered little attention .
between the wheels without an official release got more airplay then both afterimage the body electric just from djs digging the track and i think both red sector a between the wheels have been better appreciated by rush freaks and normies than distant early warning .
to be crystal like not hating on the track i just think it ranks in the lower tier of that album and it was a poor decision to make it the flag baring track .
the 1st release really used to be very important in establishing public perception of an album and a lot of fans that had jumped on the rush train with the previous 3 monster albums let p/g leave the station without them .
and a lot of those people who hopped off the train at that time never came back as album buyers .
at shows 30 years later those same folks hear distant early warning start and say i 'm not into the new stuff so much .
this is a good time to go get a beer ... ''
so there i think i just blamed releasing distant early warning as the 1st single off p/g for pushing rush out of the mainstream .
i know i 'm the only one but i 've never understood what was so great about chik-fil-a .
most of the food is n't that great and the one thing that is is expensive and yet every single one of them is slammed pack at anything resembling meal times .
i know the feel mate when i first put a sharpie in my butt i knew i wanted more and it was definitely worth it .
the two houses has a hate thingy between them for thousand of years .
it 's like making an alliance between umbers and wildlings .
thanks i 've been putting off trying this mainly because i 've been pretty happy using low-carb tortillas but i do crave a thicker crust sometimes .
gasp there are others out there who love vodlocker as much as myself ? !
i 'm a bit confused by what you said can you clarify this for me ?
your loan was originally 67,000 and now that same loan with no other loans added to is it up to 84,000 ?
do you understand the point of a buyout clause ?
it 's there to make sure that a player is n't going to just leave the organisation to play for someone else randomly .
if the player and the organisation both agree to part ways there is no buyout it 's just a release .
so unless echo fox for example has approached c9 and offered to buy freak out of his contract because they want him on their team it makes no sense for a buyout to even be relevant in this situation .
c9 can either hold onto freak for another year and pay him full wage to do nothing or they can release him for free .
i was blacklisted from leaving lebanon until i was 18 i started to become more rebellious and causing all sorts of trouble .
my father knew his only chance to keep in touch with his children is if he let us go before we turned 18 .
also the fact that was causing trouble and giving his reputation a bad name it was best to just let us go .
as a child i never understood what was going on i was too young and easily manipulated .
i thought all kids got beaten and were not allowed to leave the house .
one of my key moments in life was when i wan in class and a friend was upset cause his father left a small bruise on his face .
my brother and i started laughing at him because the bruise was so small we then proceeded to show the class all the bruises my brother and i had under our clothes .
the entire call went into shock people crying ... this was when a small part of me started to realize that my situation is not right .
i am what people call a survivalist my instincts is to just survive rarely i find pleasure in life .
lebanon is also so corrupt that my father was able to get away with anything he had people paid at the telecommunication tower so whenever anyone called from the usa to lebanon he would know ... he also had our phone lines bugged with a recorded device which i found one day he said it was for the maid that lived with us ... ''
when we came back to the states all my emotional experiences in lebanon disappeared .
we were finally free it took me over 10 years just to be able to talk about it to someone my aunt '' people know i was in a bad situation but i am unable to talk about without completely breaking down .
that 's a fine bit of stalking you done there boy .
i 've been to many shows where many visitor 's ultimate goal was to get up on stage and dive or somehow cause a scene all the while avoiding security for long enough to do your deed .
though i 've never and would never do it i get it .
the singer is a huge dick for how he reacted .
nope and it is listed as no longer available '' in my favorites list .
the united states army does not condone the killing of civilians .
but this is just a game why should you care ?
that could be fun but i do n't think i 'll be dropping 80 on a novelty throw .
maybe a cpr class but definitely not a thermodynamics course .
people will ask questions and you 'll only know what you 've been taught not the theory of why it is so
your bracing here is pretty poor and subsequently you do n't build any tension in your glutes and hams .
try to be more patient get a deep abdominal breath brace your back then pull tension into your posterior chain before you attempt to pull the bar off the floor .
please see a rendering i 've made depicting the situation with a human just like us inspecting the other humans
maybe he did n't believe he was a good lawyer but trusted him enough to not screw him over by vouching for walt .
i do n't think today 's tigers game counts because tiger killer matt joyce went 0-for-2 against tigers pitching lol .
lol i actually did n't love sports when i was a kid .
the right lens is a tighter fit and requires a bit more force to place .
i laughed at the idea of managed cobol and wept for any poor soul that would have to deal in such an absurdity .
but then my curiosity got the better of me and i found out that it is indeed a thing http documentation.microfocus.com/help/index.jsp ? topic 2fcom.microfocus.eclipse.infocenter.studee60win 2fguid-4193d297-1632-48f6-ac4a-df418c268ca9.html .
not i do n't know whether to laugh or cry .
perhaps you should read the other comments to see if what you have said has literally already been said by someone else and replied to .
your post has been removed because it links to an unapproved domain .
while links to other domains are permitted here they do require moderator review .
please read this entire message before you reply and before you contact the moderators about your post .
if you are submitting a completed project that meets the posting guidelines https www.reddit.com/r/diy/wiki/guidelines and you made the project yourself you may message the moderators to request that your video be manually reviewed .
if you are asking for help with a specific aspect of a diy project and are linking to a website to explain your problem please use the submit a help request https www.reddit.com/r/diy/submit ? selftext=true link instead .
include the link to the website in the text of the post and also include additional context and details so that others may help you more easily .
if you 're asking a question that does n't meet the specific question about an aspect of a diy project '' requirement such as how can i fix the problem shown in this website '' or how can i make the project shown in this website '' such posts generally do not meet the help request requirements in our posting guidelines https www.reddit.com/r/diy/wiki/guidelines .
consider asking your question in the simple questions r/diy/about/sticky thread at the top of r/diy rather than creating a new post .
remember that all posts are required to meet the posting guidelines .
we encourage you to read the posting guidelines https www.reddit.com/r/diy/wiki/guidelines for more information .
if you believe your link meets the posting requirements please message the moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fdiy message=please 20review 20my 20non-imgur 20submission 20at 20https www.reddit.com/r/diy/comments/4ejmmu/how_to_transform_an_office_space_into_a_certified .
if you 're trying to post a product/promotion or trying to drive traffic to your website please see reddit 's spam rules here http www.reddit.com/wiki/faq wiki_what_constitutes_spam.3f and if you fall into that category please go somewhere else .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/diy if you have any questions or concerns .
yeah ca n't do that.. run and accept summon as fast as you can .
it 's not like eyes are required to keep the brain and heart going .
people who get eye cancer get their eyes removed or do the legend goes .
we have a couple young guys plus kennar that could do the job .
id put george rose at centre over kurt mann though ...
i just used the dr jart water replenishment sheet mask for the first time and fell in love !
i want to pick up a couple more soon but does anyone know of a product that 's similar that 's not in mask form ?
i sweat under a single sheet in bed while my gf takes 10-15 minutes to just start sweating in a sauna at 150 degrees .
some nights she uses me as her personal heater .
i normally do n't like blacked out cars but this looks good nice job !
i really really hate the ones who look at the price and say is that the best price you can do ? ''
this is a shop not a market stall we dont barter here .
i 'd love to do what my friend says they do in turkey and say youre taking the food from my childrens mouths ! ''
this is what maisie williams would look like if she had her soul stolen
45/m here would def freak the fuck out with ya
i 'm still working on trying to find the right curology blend for me .
no results yet month 4 but will suggest tretinoin to my provider if my acne persists .
til tokyo and athens are approximately the same distance from the center of the continental us !
but something less excessive or else i 'm looking at a hamilton
my grandma uses the thick pads made for periods for her stress incontinence like when she leaks when sneezing or laughing .
brazilian fart '' derives from the term brazilian wax a method of waxing the genital area to remove hair .
for a brazilian fart however the wax is instead dripped over the anus and allowed to dry for several days allowing gas time to build up .
it is then ripped off at the moment of climax allowing for a sexy butt flapping pressure release that is quite stunning to behold .
if you 're interested in brazilian fart porn i recommend a good set of speakers the audio is equally as important as the visuals .
wax is n't expensive and the procedure is simple and can be done solo .
also you should totes post if you do it so i can declare your username relevant .
french vodka at costco is great and a good deal .
suddenly craving a new game mode where everyone is a seagull .
yeah i was kind of thinking of the same thing it would still be cool to see implemented .
a 1-2 hours for twitch watched time would be good as currently you 've got your smallest option as less than an hour and the next one is over 2 hours .
i 've put it down as less than an hour but when collating data remember that one of the 'less than an hour ' folk is '1-2 hours ' if you could
yes there he is the aboot to be king of dragon decks ...
call me a scumbag if you want but i wish this happened in the bronx where some bensonhurst italian woulda broken this canadians face like an overripe melon .
i 've never seen him say anything good on anything non-comedy related .
i 've appreciated him in the things he 's been in but he 's been nothing but toxic anytime i see him speak out .
i was given these as a gift a few years back from a college museum sale .
they are all handmade and i have n't done anything to them as far as cleaning or sharpening .
they all seem pretty old and none of them have any markings that i can find .
if you have any idea where they originated and any interesting info i would very much appreciate it !
i was having issues too then me and my friends started moving away from the bonfires and it worked much faster .
i 'm definitely interested in the rest of the bunch without the mj rouge .
plus if the tarte wonder is still available i 'd love to buy that too .
you have one hero showing but the name of the hero you had previously selected is still there so you end up as that hero .
it happened to me the first day of the free heroes weekend .
since its a multi monster quest their health is lower and if i 'm correct outbreak quests monsters also have lower health than usual .
i dont think it 'll be that hard but i still wish you luck !
i 'm in ca and last time i checked in january when i applied for the aa plat citi pulled both experian equifax .
hey smart ass you should learn to read yourself i strait up said here he did n't change what he said just changed the goal posts . ''
so you are the one who is making themselves look stupid .
i see your point there 's no marketable old asian american actor .
psbattle muhammad ali knocking out cleveland williams in 1966 http www.reddit.com/r/photoshopbattles/comments/4ej7ak/psbattle_muhammad_ali_knocking_out_cleveland 1 4^hrs photoshopbattles 5
aerial shot of muhammed ali after knocking out cleveland williams in 1966 http www.reddit.com/r/sports/comments/4egmal/aerial_shot_of_muhammed_ali_after_knocking_out 5366 13^hrs sports 591
when i saw the thumbnail for this i wondered what a cpu was doing in r/sports http www.reddit.com/r/pcmasterrace/comments/25phbm/when_i_saw_the_thumbnail_for_this_i_wondered_what 475 1^yr pcmasterrace 16
aerial shot of muhammed ali after knocking out cleveland williams in 1966 http www.reddit.com/r/sports/comments/25nek5/aerial_shot_of_muhammed_ali_after_knocking_out 2593 1^yr sports 184
aerial shot of ali vs. williams 1966 http www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/1qpq7k/aerial_shot_of_ali_vs_williams_1966 214 2^yrs pics 12
aerial view of muhammad ali defeating williams in 1966 .
straight guys are attracted to women and thus femininity .
t-girl escorts will also tell you that a lot of straight '' guys are into them .
shit just google and you 'll find stories of all kinds of celebrities like j-lo 's bf casper and kendra wilkson 's bf hank and iggy azaela 's ex bf nick have hooked up with them .
i see no scenario where people being more educated results in worse outcomes .
imagine everyone pursuing art history and no one making art .
imagine everyone learning new recipes and culinary techniques and no one cooking .
maximizing the speed and ability to convey useful skills '' creates an idea that people exist to provide useful services and not to live freely how they want .
increasingly we are able to afford to live freely how we want '' but this is not a given .
we increasingly have more free time than our ancestors but our comfort ndash and our lives !
we will only become fully free if we manage to automate everything .
our country is based around life liberty and the pursuit of happiness not efficiency .
however you 're moving goalposts in terms of the purpose of college .
firstly efficiency is what allows the happiness to be pursued to begin with .
is it a free time activity meant to fulfill ?
or an economic activity meant to serve a useful purpose ?
if education is an activity done to improve our economic well-being then an appropriate amount should be done and it should teach appropriate skills .
but if education is an activity people do to pursue happiness then it is a free time activity and that 's when people should do it .
i 'm all in favor of people having plentiful free time .
i would be happy to see people use that time for education .
but if education does not teach useful skills if it 's part of the pursuit of happiness '' why is it part of a ritual toward employment ?
it seems a bit silly to suggest that one gender was using drugs more than another .
i think both men and women were using drugs then and i think they 're both using them now .
the big difference is that men probably have a higher ceiling since women risk some pretty obvious physiological changes if they keep using .
i mean keep in mind that both men and women use analogues of the male sex hormone to improve performance .
that should tell you something right there about the difference in physical ability between men and women .
the marathon is an interesting exception because at distances beyond 50km men and women are essentially equal in performance which is where the running ape hypothesis comes from the idea that humans are endurance hunters a bit like wolves except whereas wolves evolved in tundra we evolved to run on the savannah .
furthermore in populations that run a lot this difference seems to be independent of age 60 year olds can keep up with 19 year olds for example .
maybe a 2 gain in marathon performance over 30 years is a result of environmental changes but it would be a pretty poor gain rate if so and at that distance the difference between men and women is n't huge to begin with strength and power really are n't factors that play a role and can even be detrimental .
maybe he could go to tna and team with fellow big brother alum jesse goddard .
you know for the two or three more weeks that tna will be in business .
hey they might have gotten dragged away from their families or watched them get slaughtered but at least they 're in the sacred city .
you are way too excited about your post actually garnering some attention lol
future spoilers s cory michael smith confirmed that jerome will return . ''
a grand total of 1 pokemon family is steel type in gen 1 magnemite and magneton .
two if you count onix but post gen 1 evolutions do n't seem to exist yet in go .
there are actually more fairies than steel types in gen 1 .
these tears of lube became lube for my next bust
if most olympic gymnasts don't perform victorian in competition i have a hard time thinking that a 6'3 recreational gymnast '' like me would achieve it
i have my doubts about full planche as well as i have n't seen anyone over 6ft perform one .
straddle planche should be completely doable for our height though .
when a photographer promotes themselves as passionate '' it 's usually a codeword for inexperienced '' .
it 's the kind of drivel you 'd use to try and get a job .
i do n't have much experience but i 'm passionate about insert photography type here . ''
was n't there a big case at some point about some dude shooting down a police drone in the us ?
probably not a good idea to excuse in a day but for next month
commission someone to draw her portrait as a league character .
maybe fanatic janna or a fanatic skin of her favorite champion ?
i gave my boyfriend a drawing of him as a dbz char for his birthday and he loved it !
hi there are you still up for the mock interview if yes reply here
i need 4 codes left can u help me later ?
also those pokes should have the ems i previously listed may have changed if i updated a particular poke .
sorry about that but i have no more heart scales so i have to go steal some more ...
i have n't seen anything that black and white since my africa trip where a zebra was caught trampling a mixed-race couple to death on a pedestrian crossing .
my personal suggestion would be to keep up with the club idea .
find a hobby or two that you really want to stick with and join up .
i 'm always really awkward and shy with new groups and situations at first but i slowly relax and make friends .
if the hobby is something you 're really keen on you 'll have a great reason to keep going until you get past the awkward/shy bit .
that being said some university clubs are always going to be super clique-y but there will be a group with common interests that will suit you .
that 's why you 're supposed to start w on darius vs melee
i use the third mouse button ring finger for me as a push-to-talk button which i find amazingly useful
i 'm pretty proud of my girl and she knows it .
and just sayin ' the amount needed to combine blues yellows was increased ... the mats from the 2 hard dailies nets us a single yellow now does n't it ?
hey guys you wo n't believe what just happened i got a wounding combat rifle also some other shit happened ''
i believe he 's gone up against ghost rider but he 's primarily been a strange villain dating back to his earliest appearances .
huh i did n't realize that show was a remake of anything .
the two bombs dropped in 1945 are wayyyyy smaller than i anticipated .
yeah they 'll think that ... for about 10 minuets .
then they 'll find out behind the new looks the game is still a clunky mess and they 'll likely abandon it .
id wager that within a month of .60 hitting stable the population will begin falling again until we 're right back here .
after some research i concluded that it might indicate a memory problem .
but i just ca n't imagine the coincidence of ram gone bad just hours after i replaced my thermal paste on the cpu/hs .
i still wonder can that in some way screw with the memory ?
seriously what do you expect to find in his tax returns ?
he earned less last year than clinton did in 2 hours of goldman sachs speeches .
you have surely gotten your delivery est in the mail by now what date does it say ?
also check to see when your order registered by doing this https www.reddit.com/r/oculus/comments/4cl56j/order_shipments_are_about_order_time_not_order
weed shrooms dmt and acid would be fine for me
buying things is n't worth the money as they end up under leveled pretty quickly .
doing missions/side stuff will keep you filled with good level items
1 they take 30-70 according to various sources of vetted opposition 's supplies passing through bab al-hawa border crossing .
2 turkey puts a blind eye to illegal border traffic to some extent .
3 turkish security services may also supply nusra as a part of a wider rebels coalition .
i really want to see how lucifer 's variable mortality affects his decisions in the next season !
something with fresh muddled lemonade if i have time .
otherwise probably like a whiskey ginger or a basic cocktail that does n't get ordered all the time .
usually you can ask what they like on the sweetness scale and take it from there .
it sounds super cliche but just be true to who you feel like you are be honest with yourself and others and do what feels right .
if i were someone you took an interest in i 'd want to know but i also would n't think any differently of you for it .
and if you want directions in bed ask for them .
sometimes i wish i was around just before ted bundy was executed so i could pour a boiling kettle over his penis to punish him for raping women before he was sat down in the electric chair .
none of the other golems follow the traditional stat split either .
manowars wheels of fire '' really started my love for heavy metal .
well city did n't play like the worst city side in the last 4-5 years .
i guess sugar does n't do that ... oh wait https www.psychologytoday.com/blog/neuronarrative/201204/what-eating-too-much-sugar-does-your-brain
learn how to tell a single joke on stage before you start judging whether or not people can be funny based on their actions on the internet .
i 'm taking about your comment it was at 8 when i commented which seemed weird .
short answer yes as is the case with most exercise it took 3 months of running 2 times a week for me to start enjoyong and craving my run times .
maybe a compromise would be to reduce titan vs titan damage and leave pilot damage the same .
the main issue i would like to see addressed is when 3 titans just gang up on one and it dies nearly instantaneously .
i think spotify support is not going to happen due to licensing more than technical difficulties .
did this offend redditors here who say y'all '' ?
i 've also been told that some milks simply wo n't work due to over pasteurization or if they 've gone through high temperatures during processing .
pasteurized milk will work fine for cheese making i 've done it but my cheese making book says that unpasteurized unhomogenized milk will make firmer cheese and more cheese per ml of milk than the stuff you probably put in your coffee .
there 's something about the larger globules of fat and protein occurring in raw milk which leads to a better cheese yield per gallon of milk and a former curd or so on food and cooking tells me .
back in victoria i knew some folks i could have bought raw milk from which strictly speaking was black market dairy .
here 's a good explanation of the various types of pasteurization you 've probably heard about htst being the one you were warned about .
i think all the milk in our grocery stores is processed with the high temperature short time method with the possible exception of avalon .
phone them i guess because i 'm not sure .
i 'll offer you a tip on making mozzarella and probably squeaky cheese too if your recipe does n't call for adding powdered nonfat milk find a different recipe .
i 'm a 20 year old shy submissive guy .
i always like to be the one acting like a pet for my girl
i also live in toronto however i 'm not sure if my place would work .
also i wanted to say i appreciate the comments and suggestions i am sure they will be helpful .
this was me when i found hemlock grove then i finished the first season and all the signs pointed to season 2 and 3 being shit so i stopped at just season 1 .
4x crown 3x titan14 holo 4x esl one blue '14 4x unicorn holo .
id say go with 4x esl one blue foils they fit nicely and aint that expensive d !
it sounds to me that display teams who are using fighter aircraft for stunts have the wrong tools for their job then .
if you hired a plumber who showed up with the wrong tools and he had to work harder to get the same results you would n't be impressed with his skill you 'd just think it 's your job go get the right tools '' .
gives you extra health and gives you ability to summon other players also people can invade you .
at times a lot of americans have supported wars with countless dead that were nothing more than furthering american interests so i think it would be quite easy to find equivalent opinions among about killing .
if you think it 's right to generally blame islam for the problems of its extremists is it alright for me to blame all americans for trump ?
how about we just get item level 32 loot from 32 named like intended as this is actually does't happen right now the patch notes however say 'd 32 named drop 32 item level 31 drops 31 item level and 30 named drop item level 30
please add it to your post and reply with 'done ' after you have done so .
i will automatically approve your post next time my server allows me to .
lots of us eat cheese but lots of us do n't .
check the carbs on the soft cheese that are allowed .
you may need to limit your serving size on some of them but that 's easy to do .
i could be wrong as i was too young to remember specific details but were n't ps2 games 50 brand new ?
once i got a 360 i swear i had some concern about the games costing 60 because i was afraid the next generation games would be 70 and so on .
though i guess with season passes and microtransactions that 's true .
'' legal blindness '' is a definition used by the united states government to determine eligibility for vocational training rehabilitation schooling disability benefits low vision devices and tax exemption programs .
wait til he is hungry then put the food inside whatever you use .
if you do n't want buy anything until he is yours a zip up hold-all works ok .
it just has so much potential that was untouched .
ended up with a husband who i have n't seen in 5 years and wo n't send the damn divorce papers .
i 'm getting numb to all the propaganda but this still made me smile
utea town usually has a dollar off on hooked making them very affordable .
if she wants to breakup you need to respect that .
pushing her to continue is only delaying the inevitable and not being fair to her .
even if her words make it sound like she does n't want to you need to understand that she is trying to not hurt you so it might come out like she is more confused than she really is .
you skipped over beating the wild in the second round again
do n't worry.. it obviously depends on how much time you set aside for the project and how much exp you have .
i spent like 4-5 months on route alone doing normal '' studying over a longer period because of life and the material being difficult .
just get all 3 exams done before you have to start redoing the exams
se on kylläkin nepalilainen ravintola mutta aika samantyyppistä ruokaa .
i am not comfortable with jax being expert level marksman without there being any explanation or was it included in his car repair school ?
simon and burns mention these cities in their book the corner .
they 're both stories about the same city but they could be about any number of them .
i do n't want to make a whole topic about this but i feel like i missed something vital during a8 tonight .
tldr tank kept dying i was a healer in a8 on the first part during perpetual ray
i 've had 6 weeks of largely incident-free runs of a8 but for whatever reason the one i did tonight was a bit of a mess .
the tank kept dying even though i felt like i was doing everything i could do keep him alive .
i 'm sure at least part of it was me being off my game but can someone explain to me from a tank 's perspective what 's supposed to happen during perpetual ray ?
the first time even with asylum medica ii regen tetragrammaton and spam healing the tank died .
the second time i even used benediction and he seemed to die to the next hit .
i was n't in cleric stance and i 've never really had a problem there before so i 'm just really confused .
i 'm starting from the assumption that it was probably my fault cause i admit i was making mistakes in other phases but is there anything that a tank usually does there that would mitigate the damage during that part ?
i 've never tanked at all so i really do n't know .
if you watch the 60 minutes bit https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=sv-agbj-enk which was clearly a paid piece you can see a snake out salesman in full force .
there is this mysterious device and it fits right in your hand and it powers everything !
... oh but you actually need a huge cabinet and a bunch of other hardware surrounding it .
... oh and you have to put natural gas into it .
she looks like she 's asking for a favor to keep something embarrassing a secret .
she 's all shhh ... keep this a secret from .
i do n't want him/her to find out about this .
not sure about the carrier service but i 'm very sorry to hear about your mother .
schnittke requiem 13 credo https youtube.com/watch ? v=j1tctou2bo8 1 https reddit.com/r/classicalmusic/comments/4efyvb/_/d20o7jx ? context=10 d20o7jx parts of the schnittke 'requiem ' might work for you organ instead of keyboard but it 's from the same family .
john adams naive and sentimental music https youtube.com/watch ? v=s3rlduozxny 1 https reddit.com/r/classicalmusic/comments/4efyvb/_/d1zxauj ? context=10 d1zxauj try john adams naive and sentimental music
i 'm a bot working hard to help redditors find related videos to watch .
amc needs to hire that guy and make the animated comics happen .
they can do it for the rest of them !
i 'd pay 100 extra or so to ensure there would be absolutely zero babies on board .
some people just do not have the patience to listen to that .
it 's 2016 ... it 's time somebody makes this a reality .
können wir solche posts wie diesen nicht generell bannen ?
sie haben meist nicht mal mehr ansatzweise was mit r/de zu tun und erinnern mich stark an srs .
wenn ich wissen will wie dämlich rassisten sind kann ich deren subs auch selber anschauen .
irs not just better players make them less often its that the severity of their mistakes are much lower .
they also just understand the way the game is played better than low elo
but in fact they might have a better chance of survival .
he is under a court order to leave op alone so he may well be doing something illegal .
you 're looking at explosivity at it 's finest '' dada 5000
i found a cia dossier titled 'what rob green got upto in january' but with your dogged line of questioning i wouldnt be surprised to hear that as a member of the cia you already knew this .
this post was removed because it did n't contain your friend code in your flair .
please see the getting started https www.reddit.com/r/friendsafari/wiki/gettingstarted guide for information on how to set up your flair and get started on this subreddit .
note if you have set up your flair recently it may take a few minutes to take effect .
you 'll receive a message from the bot when it 's ready .
again please see the getting started r/friendsafari/wiki/gettingstarted guide for more details .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/friendsafari if you have any questions or concerns .
for crs-8 it was 300km i believe for ses-9 it was in the region of 600km out .
looks the right tine got pushed in and warped maybe from being dropped on the ground .
also you could grind down the left tine to match .
touchy either way be careful and maybe practice on something else .
their dna was mutated by radiation making them less human .
its also similar to how the switch axe in question is stored in mh4u
voldemort 's original defeat and disappearance at the potter residence occurred on 31 october 1981 .
this is the date he created his last horcrux harry potter .
his death at hogwarts occurred on 2 may 1998 following the destruction of all his horcruxes .
the nokia 3310 was not released until q4 of 2000 .
just cracked vibra today so on my way and thanks for the support .
i do n't have heroes who can boost evasion apart from wasp .
a first good step would be to introduce an independent body that investigates the police .
i think it is quite ridiculous that they can investigate themselves .
yeah i remember glancing on it and thinking this is awesome but i wanted to add a sense of control to the pcs on the 7 day timeline .
burnt a cd just to have when i go to a lan with friends they were not amused http stream1.gifsoup.com/view/906718/night-at-roxbury-o.gif
some android devices can lose specific drm-keys needed for the camera so the picture quality would suffer from that .
on the nexus 7 you should not lose anything apart from the theoretically increased security risk associated with a rooted system .
my point is that it 's not merely poor support to charge customers for returns of faulty merchandise .
its unacceptable business practice and is illegal in many countries .
you agreed to purchase a vive from htc for x .
therefore they have to give you a working vive for x .
if they ship you a faulty one that is their problem .
at the end of the day you should get a fully working vive for x regardless of how many faulty ones they do or do n't have to ship back and forth .
i still doubt that any person blind or not could tell the difference between 130mm and 137mm without direct comparison between the two .
the most obvious answer would be to have an instrument on you which would allow you to make the measurement .
but as i said before they do have the different shaped windows which are pretty disctinct and even i was able to tell with just a little practice .
we have infrastructure specifically in place to cope with the entire country turning on 2000w kettles during the ad breaks .
edit i misremembered the effects name tv pickup not tea time pickup
a question sire would it include new weather systems or use the existing weather ?
this so that i might have to readjust my enb preset for the new worldspace .
i sometimes worry about my work when i upload something .
i get reviews here and there mostly one sentence stuff about their thoughts on the whole chapter events .
i 'm thankful and all but sometimes i 'm waiting for someone to rip my writing into pieces .
my story only got a few of those wall of text reviews like three times from a guest and it was very helpful .
i only worry because the story i 'm doing is written in two perspectives and i try to differentiate the feeling of each of them .
maybe my readers enjoy it enough not to comment about it or the story is okay ?
i ca n't help but wonder sometimes if it is or not .
'' andy appeared in a tv ad for powerade sports drink .
in the ad andy appears to be playing a match in which he just received a bad line call .
upset with the call he takes his frustration out on his next serve which is so hard that it sends the ball right into the ground of the clay court he 's playing on .
some wondered whether this was an actual match and if andy actually served the ball into the ground .
it was all setup specifically for the commercial and the ball being served into the ground was done with special effects . ''
when you fuck grandpa does he tell you that he loves you ?
one has nothing to do with the other at all
linux gaming is going to be paid for by console windows game sales and be relegated to the back seat
linux gaming is being paid for by the people who play linux games on linux .
and people buy them if they work well have good performance .
without it the un-savvy user will never switch to linux because he 'll see the benchmarks and not even consider it .
i 've always loved the song primary and i could do a cover with my band .
could be convinced to do other voices too i guess if no one else wants to .
so maybe we have to suspend the phonbanking while the debate is running ?
i have a 60hz monitor and i fail to get 60 constant frames .
i changed threaded optimization to 'on ' in hopes my 8 cores will be utilized because we all know that core 0 is at 99 .
i guess we 'll have to see when the game is back up again .
damn the sjw reddit police force is in full display today .
but seriously try and be more gentle with your propaganda because saying the guardian is a fairly well '' respected news source is maybe a pill too big to swallow .
i do n't know maybe try the guardian used to be respected '' or some shit like that try giving them credance for their past works because everybody knows that the guardian has been a shitprinting machine for the past years
alien blue because the new app does n't work as well yet .
germany over here the nickname has some other relations for me .
not if they are using myself and my family as fuel though .
you can use standard parts and for a higher rp price use other corp 's parts .
after learning only the gear score 240 stuff comes from challenging i need a dedicated guide for challenging mode !
you assume that the denied accusation is the most probable one given the circumstances while in reality the accusation in question is one of the least probable .
next to plastic molds wireless receivers/controllers are the easiest things to quickly upscale production .
if anything i would assume that it 's either optics or less likely custom integrated motherboard that they have an issue with .
anything that 's highly customized can reasonably be expected to have an issues with deliveries .
especially optics given the time required to manufacture them and a very specialized equipment only a short list of suppliers have .
wireless adapters on the other hand is something that can be supplied by pretty much any fab in china not to mention alternatives in eu and us .
so we wo n't know until a week after we already know the truth and it 'll be snarky and will have a retraction begrudgingly posted after ?
i ran out of words so i 'll just awwwwww !
because making speaking animations is expensive and useless for this kind of game .
heard it thru the grapevine from other ff-related subreddits .
at the time it was launched i was a pretty active ffxiv player but the game was waiting for its first expansion pack so the content was quite dead .
i picked it up in hopes of having a good ff experience on the go and well here i am a year later still playing .
ffrk really does a lot of things very right for me .
i have to credit this subreddit for it as well meeting so many wonderful people here really made me love this game haha .
my parents were n't big church baptist goers after about my 4 birthday as we moved and there was n't church of that kind in town .
the few times i did go to church was when we visited my grandparents and when listening to the stories i just never found the explanation of it was a miracle/gods will '' not good enough .
the point that solidified it was when i found out santa was n't real 10 because we had christmas at my grandparents and it was always a religious holiday .
seniors would be much more expected to self-learn the material and get up to speed on their own .
they would be given time to ramp-up just like a junior but with less hand holding .
now i can finally get back to all my afk business
in this case though their team realize its faker so they act accordingly his team know it too but do n't lol
if you have chrome you can download a word replacer plugin that let 's you put in custom filters
my university university of auckland requires us to do 800 practical work hours at engineering related companies so you have to get an internship .
i think you miss the point of the principle behind pricing .
it 's not about how cheap they can make the game it 's about how much people are willing to pay .
this is why a lot of digital distribution is more expensive than physical and why badly selling games fall in price digitally faster than good games .
ah they finally invented a way to pleasure your mom .
yeah with that in mind i 'm way more apreensive on derestricting it .
i 'm pretty confident when it comes to driving skills but accidents happen .
besides even if the papers say it 's restricted they could get information from yamaha or something .
i do n't need a quiz result to know that i am the unidentified goblin stockbroker .
i was in middle school band on the drums .
another kid a year above me was also on the drums in his grade .
i knew who we was but we never talked .
the first day of high school he saw me wearing a green day shirt and a drum key around my neck .
he approached me and asked if i wanted to form a band with him .
months later we 've played at venues all around nyc and are recording an album .
we even went back to visit our old band teacher and he found it really funny how we found each other after we left middle school .
okay so i 'm really working on the no fap '' concept .
it 's been pretty difficult but i have n't watched porn for 17 days which i think as an accomplishement considering i watched it for 2 years everyday .
i suppose i 'll have to continue with the no fap '' progress .
granted running them might shorten your lifespan by a great deal .
hi i want to sign up for psvue today but i have a question regarding the ip restrictions .
my current lease is over in 1 month and then i 'll be moving to a new apartment for 6 months .
i understand you can only change your home location '' once so does that mean once i move cities i wo n't be able to use psvue again if i choose to continue it at my new apartment next month ?
any help would be appreciated sorry if my explanation of my question is confusing .
interested in items/downgrade buy 2 knives get 1 key off buy all get 2 keys off
also looking for an awp elite build ft/mw for 2/4 keys might be interested in st awp elite builds if really cheap
given how confusing the tooltip for it is blocking will take effect ''
can confirm that its 100 chance took my spike alone into 6-5 and every single attack was blocked .
tried loading my city today and got this error which crashed the game .
i tried a few more times and got the same result .
i do n't know if this is something that is generally known yet but i discovered a really weird bug today .
tried to google it but i could n't find anything about it .
while i was on a coaster i thought my game was in window mode so i did what anyone would do and hit alt+enter .
i then discovered i was n't in window mode so i hit it alt+enter once more and suddenly my coaster crashed .
i did n't understand why since it had run fine until that point .
then all of my rides suddenly broke down and all of my peeps started flying upwards like balloons .
then i got a notification saying entity is under water '' then i discovered that there was blue textures all over my screen and all of my rides disappeared .
so apparently alt+enter makes you 're park go under water .
has this happened to anyone else or am i the only one ?
i keep trying to open a onepkg file and every time i do a progress window shows up as unpacking '' the file .
it quickly moves 90 of the way then hangs .
it eventually crashes and the notebook fails to load/sync or anything .
using the newest free version downloaded from microsoft a few days ago .
earlier i could summon 2 phantoms but now they all disappear after i choose one .
if i use the dried finger i can get 2 but not 3 .
i just joined reddit because my boyfriend has had one forever and told me about this page and that it would help me .
young adult fibromyalgia is more than a slap to the face it 's to me an unfortunate/painful pause button on my life .
i know what i have is n't great but i know it could also be a lot worse .
what i am asking for those who read is help .
i know i am not the only one on the planet that has this but i do n't want to feel like i am .
my story i recently turned 22 and have been diagnosed with fibro since i was 21 .
i have had it all my life apparently after several studies and coming to terms with why i 've had so much difficulty all my life .
i am borderline positive for an auto-immune disorder but since i show most signs/symptoms and not 100 positive am not treated for it .
i 've been to a cardiologist rheumatologist and neurologist hoping that they would help .
i was just another patient to them nothing more .
none of them really seemed to help figure out why this was now becoming a very serious problem for me or tried to help cure my symptoms or actually seem to care .
they prescribed me heavy doses of gabapentin generic form of lyrica tramadol as well as cymbalta .
i have been on these for over a year now and my friend who is a nurse as well as advice from my elders said that i am taking large doeses of these meds that-at a quarter of what i take would knock an average joe out .
i am nearing the end of my senior year at au and still am not in control of my condition .
i am more than blessed to have the people i have in my life and their help is more healing than any medications i take .
however i know that people who have it are the only ones who truly understand what really is going on with our bodies .
i try and eat right get enough sleep work out lightly keep a good outlook and soak in epsom salt almost everyday .
but i am still so achey find it hard to sleep or ever feel rested wake up super stiff almost always in severe pain and i find it more than frustrating having to deal with fibro-fog .
if you have read the story of my life '' i am grateful .
i would love to hear from y'all what helps what hurts or read where at any moment in your life you found peace with everything .
i 'll do my best to keep up with this site and y'all have my support .
sorry if this is the wrong place for this question will move if needed .
my church has a wealth of irreplaceable vhs tapes in our library which i would like to preserve digitally on an hd not dvds .
i have not done capture since i had a pci card for it on an xp machine .
now i have windows 10 and most of the capture devices listed on amazon or new egg are external usb devices .
that is my problem they seem to range from a few bucks to around 60 .
looking for decent quality and an easy interface without breaking the budget but completely overwhelmed by the quantity of choices most of which have no reviews on the sites that sell them .
i am considering this device from amazon http www.amazon.com/diamond-vc500-touch-capture-device/dp/b000vm60i8 ? ie=utf8 psc=1 redirect=true ref_=oh_aui_search_detailpage and this device from new egg http www.newegg.com/product/product.aspx ? item=9sia1pk2429596 cm_re=vhs_video_capture-_-9sia1pk2429596-_-product .
question have any of you done a bunch of video conversion and which device/software would you recommend for this project ?
background i am a burnt out first year split high school teacher as a leave replacement until june emotionally and physically exhausted .
the boss mentioned in the title is someone who the best compliment she has given me in the last four months here is that i am consistent with showing up on time daily .
well so do retail workers plumbers office workers basically anyone in any fucking field .
if that is my only good asset as a teacher i would go back to working in marketing at least i had a life outside work back then .
today we had a shorter class period thanks common core assessments which is tricky enough as is .
towards the end my boss came in to get materials then stood outside the door across the hall to watch me .
i was in a great mood before she arrived we were having a blast brainstorming ideas for our art project and students were extremely engaged .
after we finished our end questions which several students were talking while i was going over questions students cleaned up and we had a few extra minutes .
students were on their phones standing which i had to redirect several times .
she tells me that they are taking advantage of my kindness and i need to work on my behavior management .
she noted the talking phones and extra few minutes of down time before the bell .
i feel like a fuck up and nothing i do is right .
i have made many mistakes in the few months i have been on this wild ride .
any time i have a conversation with my boss which is limited-i am only there for 3 periods a day it 's only about what i am doing wrong .
i am supposed to get my first observation by her soon then the principal .
fuck observations fuck highly effective '' fuck letters of recommendation all i want is for someone to tell me if i am doing anything even a hair above abysmal in regards to teaching .
i am so overwhelmed that i do n't even know how to approach tomorrow .
should i just throw the baby out with the bathwater start over and go full bitch authority mode ?
because fuck rapport i 'm just being too kind only work on one or two things ?
i have been looking at different behavior management strategies but i am getting overwhelmed .
to clarify when i said an extra few minutes it was less than 5 minutes .
i like some of the ideas suggested to fill time but they either require too much materials or do n't allow time to cleanup before the bell .
the cost of housing and taxes works nicely and i 'll be a full time remote employee so no commute to worry about .
i believe the video started out with two guys both straight on the couch getting interviewed as they were attempting to become straight pornstars .
one of the interviewees tells them he knows a way to make even more money and he tells them to start jacking off .
the two get naked and i remember one of them is somewhat thin very pale and hairy black hair with a short beard .
things escalate obviously and this one is the bottom .
i do n't remember if this was at the beginning of the video during the interview portion of after they finish sex but the bottom says that sometimes when his girlfriend gives him a blowjob she sticks a finger up his ass and he enjoys it .
as of today you may notice some of the items in fallen london have received tags depending on their rarity .
commonplace presumably items that can be received as direct rewards from grinds and carousels e.g .
most 0.50 e items rewards from war of assassins etc. .
note that at the time of writing this rookery passwords are commonplace while some other connected items engraved pewter tankard copper cipher ring ... do n't have a defined rarity .
also interesting is that blackmail material is commonplace which makes little sense to me .
scarce items that do n't have a reliable direct source e.g .
most 12.50 e items that usually can not be received directly from grinds but can be upgraded to such as favors in high places puzzling maps etc .
coveted items that are usually only results of long upgrade cycles or are generally unreliable to grind note that e.g .
venge-rat corpses are coveted same as a vial of master 's blood is
rare items that are only received as rewards for specific storylines or holiday events e.g .
elemental secrets dreadful surmise but also searing enigmas for some reason
note that the interpretations of the rarity levels are my own and are currently merely based on speculation .
i think it 's not a bad way to make it easier for new players to figure out what to sell off and what to hoard for later .
i seem to have missed the fact that the rat of glory is now precious so ... now i have no idea what to make of this .
i now have at least 192000000 experience points in the farming skill .
i want to book a single dorm for my freshman year at uci .
i am looking for a safari with ditto but i 'm adding all people d
i run mineos and i successfully got a server running with forge .
i 'd like to have a system such as dynmap working to generate a live map of my server .
i did this with 1.7 easily enough and it has been a year or so since i 've dabbled in server admining .
i was hoping got something very easy to run and dynmap seems like the answer .
i have tried to get one running by placing the dynmap jar file into the mods directory but it does n't do anything .
do n't come in here telling me what csgozone says .
i need a vector artist for a highly classified super top secret not at all related to efnw project .
my computer 'updated ' and when i open unreal my projects are gone ?
i tried searching for them but only found the folders that have all the info .
they are n't .uprojects in any of those folders but i 've worked on them before .
if theyre gone i lost a lot of work.. and i have no clue why they are gone .
i saved them i did n't do anything stupid so i have no idea .
i 'm torn between getting it on dvd or blu-ray .
i would have to buy a blu-ray player if going for quality but i 'm worried that maybe the cgi might stand out that the quality may be too good .
on the flip side i also worry about finding the blu-ray to actually be lower quality that what i would expect/not 1080p .
with dvd there is a risk of pixellation with dark scenes etc as well as just plain missing out on the gorgeous visuals of the show in a higher quality potentially
with all the news we 've gotten in the last few weeks regression isotopes results and the js ruleout i 'd really like to start another big push .
goal to have him identified by the 15th anniversary of his death .
what do you all think we can do to get his photo and story out to the world a little more ?
every authentic mexican restaurant that i 've been to where i 've ordered grilled whole not stuffed jalapenos on the side are delivered with some kind of seasoning on top .
so ive been sitting on this yellow fella for quite some time now and when i got it people didn`t really know the value of it .
is is anything that its still top10 on csgoexchange and still not many of these moving around .
a little about me i 'm australian and graduated in 2014 with a bachelor of biomedical science and have little idea what employment my degree is relevant to other than research combined with the fact that i have nil non required laboratory experience i find it highly unlikely to get employed in that field so have just been applying for casual jobs lately .
i am sick of dealing with the general public and my place of employment is pretty much guaranteed to be closed within 6 months as it makes next to nothing .
i have seriously been considering going back to university and either doing a pharmacy degree or more preferably a medical imaging degree specifically at deakin uni due to location and the course outline states plenty of clinical experience .
pharmacy degrees state they require a distinction 70 average i doubt my average was that high over my entire course as i realized about half way through i did n't want to be an underpaid researcher for my entire life and lost interest completely .
with my current lack of professional experience what is my best option ?
there seems to be more demand for medical imagers over pharmacists but i 'm in a regional area where a few medical places have popped up lately so that may be biasing job listings how do i tell which will be more in demand in the future ?
i already wasted 3 years at university and would love not to do that again .
i 'm currently just a receptionist at an entertainment venue and have previously been a delivery driver the staff were more an issue than the public there so i was only there for about 12months .
a friend of mine who quit told me that once he was able to make it to noon without a cigarette he felt like quitting was easy .
the thing is ... without a cigarette and a cup of coffee in the morning i feel like i just ca n't get out of bed .
it is what motivates me to finally get my ass up .
so during the last part i was struck by just how large the three cities on iceland just the actual island of iceland are .
i did the math and the total population for the island in game is approximately 34,777,000 !
for context the population of iceland in real life is 323,000 .
want to talk about the newest one piece chapter on text channels or voice chat ?
discord is a teamspeak-esk app that you can use in browser or download it on your computer tablet or smart phone for free !
on the one piece discord you can talk to many other one piece fans in a live chat-room we have many different text chats to choose from such as theories gaming media off-topic newest chapter newest episode and even a spoiler free chat for people who are catching up to the manga or anime .
anyway if any of this stuff sounds good to you join the one piece discord and become a pirate !
i you wan na join click the one piece https discord.gg/0v8dbjf0mbnauvlr
ludex gundyr and it literally took me like 6 hours .
i feel like i just won the lottery lol !
this is my first dark souls game ever and i had no fucking idea how hard this game is it 's definetly about patience and defense and finding spots to just poke and go .
i put it as spoilers as a just in case for everyone ... .but the rush of killing that first boss was better than the rush of sex !
i love doing yoga but this morning i just could n't get into it and had to leave .
my mind was just scattered and i just was n't feeling it .
it was making mad instead of making me feel good .
i plan on doing it again and really do n't mind the teacher but is it normal to have an off day every once in awhile and just not feel it ?
if you do have an off day should i push through it or call it and try again tomorrow ?
long story short is i 'm 23 years old i 've been in this job for the past 2.5 years where i started as an intern worked my way to a junior and now in a middle weight role .
i 've been feeling unhappy for the past few months mainly due to management putting too many time constraints on the projects that we get leading the team and myself to be unhappy stressed making mistakes because we 're rushing etc .
so i 'm at the tipping point where i 've come to work on wednesday after a 2 day break and been told that a project that went on hold the client delayed constantly for the past 3 weeks has now started again and we have a weeks worth of time to do 4 weeks worth of work no extra people helping out just 2 of us .
the project manager specifically said we were going to have to give up our evening and weekends to finish the project .
i asked for more time and they said no i asked for more people and they said there was no one .
i left the meeting room gob smacked and furious .
i have commitments outside of work such as volunteering where i 've now had to let people down .
i reported it to hr later in the day who said she 'd speak to the project manager and i saw later the two of them in a room together having a chat .
i 've asked again if theres anything we can do to reduce the workload and the answer is a straight no .
i 'm considering quitting but i dont have anything lined up afterwards and i 've never got time to find a new job or go to interviews so i 'm starting to think i should just blind quit and use my savings to support myself until something else comes along .
i have no idea what to do so any advice would be helpful .
in this blind challenge run of dark souls 3 i will be playing as the deprived class allocating my stats randomly based on the results of a random number generator and placing a challenge on myself before fighting a boss or going through a fog door .
here is the first episode where i discuss the rules in a bit more detail https youtu.be/3n1tj90kg0m
did anyone here actually try to beat yhorm without using the stormruler ?
are you a woman that has decided to use the hormonal iud called mirena ?
are you also non-pregnant 15-25 years old and currently using no other hormonal birth control ?
if so you may be eligible to participate in a study now enrolling healthy volunteers to improve understanding of how the cells responsible for fighting infection are affected by hormonal birth control methods like mirena .
eligible volunteers will come for 2 visits 1 month apart each visit will involve collection of blood and cervical biopsy tissue .
volunteers will receive up to 200 for their participation .
please reply directly to the investigators and do not reply to this post .
i hate william i 'm tired of seeing 5 teams in a club match with him bffs metabeth and bffs luka silla with either jin or the new 1 gk lucian with kevin miho magnus and frigging kiki .
yes he has no weakness yes he has no counter play yes he is all but guarunteed to two shot anyone who stands in his way .
but have you noticed where he almost always presides ?
no other class has anything even approaching this class in strength the only one approaching it in frustration is potentially the gk class due to its absurd level of survival .
but striker is n't color exclusive and even gks become even more powerful now in pvp thanks to healing being noticeably stronger than before with the current changes .
the prevalent teams we see in club matches are all lead by a striker .
they are too good and yes i mean strikers specifically do n't come at me with hildegarde or guinevere .
they are blocked off both by being an attacker and a leader while also having a skill set aside specifically for their classes .
strikers have a superior kit while also having a shoot active .
it will make gks stronger while then making william 's power that much more obvious .
which in turn also means he gets his ass nerfed too .
this i feel can lead to more team diversity.^credit^to^/u/densuo .
här är en annan svensk subreddit i samma udda stil
so my room mate swiped right on my tinder and i 'm trying to decide if that means she likes my face or if it 's just a hey i know you and you are also on tinder thing .
i wanted to know if you can take stickers off of gun 's like a souvenir ?
i like the stickers but the gun itself it ugly .
this is coming back and will be automated to happen every tuesday at 12pm noon eastern starting next week .
this is weekly thread aimed at people who have questions about starcraft anyone of any level of skill can ask a question but if you answer make sure you 're correct !
keep the comment section civil and when you answer try not to answer with just a yes/no add some thought into it help each other out .
https www.reddit.com/r/starcraft/wiki/new for much much more information about the subreddit .
come hang out on the r/starcraft discord server learn more https www.reddit.com/r/starcraft/comments/3v6koc/introducing_the_official_discord_server_for
want to see what the cm 's and dev 's are saying across all blizzard subreddits ? check out the bluetracker https www.reddit.com/r/starcraft/wiki/bluetracker
this was found on a relative 's property in new mexico apparently killed by a neighbor .
can anyone help identify what species it is and whether it is cause for concern ?
i am wanting to renew my lease for another year but my landlord is giving me the run around about it .
initially he told me he would renew the lease then he says he is reconsidering renewing my lease and that he will come in person to talk about it .
this was weeks ago and now he keeps pushing it off week by week .
what i am wanting to know is if my lease is up at the end of june and he still has n't given me an answer does my landlord still need to give me 30 days notice or is it assumed that i must be out of the unit come the end of the lease ?
my pitch fork 's been itching for some pokein n prickin .
i 've been playing since beta and that 's what it used to be called before they changed it .
whenever you drop an item your hero goes afk after doing so .
it was n't like this before the spring cleaning patch .
it 's not the biggest deal in the game itself the only place where it even makes a small difference really is when you 're roshing and you drop your stick your hero stops hitting rosh .
however it 's actually incredibly annoying when playing some custom games like spin td where the tower just stops attacking when you swap out items .
simply go into a lobby hit roshan or any enemy or neutral really with something in your inventory and while hitting drop something from your inventory .
i accidentally gave loretta 's bone to snuggly before i got gerirat thief vendor or whatever his name is is there anyway to get another apart from ng ?
toa reset is coming up and so is the obligatory monthly toa thread !
talk about your teams how far you 've cleared tough floors bad pulls etc .
and may your legendary and l/d scrolls be ever in your favor .
it keeps saying either saturday or sunday is it clear now which day it is ?
looking for a cool new guy friend maybe more later on ?
i guess my type would be dark hair taller than 5'2 normal weight/burley is fine too .
some specific favorites are beaches steel magnolias the others the sixth sense the divine secretes of the ya-ya sisterhood 28 days mama mama mia titanic ...
music i like country but it varies just depends on the song !
books i like white oleander of mice and men the miracle worker .
i like i love lucy the fosters the facts of life friends the golden girls gilmore girls full house fuller house organge is the new black american horror story .
looking for someone who is n the u.s. preferably .
found a few messages in small areas that would say hidden pathway '' but they would only direct me to a wall that is not transparent or anything .
is there actually some pathways that need a certain key or is it a troll message ?
if my message gets appraisal do i get some type of benefit ?
for anyone interested i 've put out a level 1-4 adventure on dm 's guild called the beast of graenseskov http www.dmsguild.com/product/180558/the-beast-of-graenseskov-an-introductory-ravenloft-adventure .
there 's also a more formal publisher announcement over at enworld http www.enworld.org/forum/showthread.php ? 483538-the-beast-of-graenseskov-an-introductory-ravenloft-adventure-dms-guild p=6874951 post6874951 .
when creating a web application ca n't one just use wamp to create the app and use a text editor such as sublime or an ide to create the php files ?
what exactly does this framework do and how is it different from just using wamp server ?
how can i map a sample to the keys of a keyboard and have the sample play to the value of the note ?
for example if i map a sample to a middle c how can i make the sample play as a middle c and if j move up to a d how can i make it play as a d ?
just wondering if anyone here knows where to find a happychick deb file .
i know it 's stopped being released threw xaioji games on what 's app for unjailbroken devices but i know if i could get a deb file i could install it threw ifile .
i had a deb for it on my laptop but its currently inaccessible for the next while for me .
i have lots of the .emu emulators from cydia but i just love how happychick has them all packed into one app .
any help directing me towards where i could find a happychick .deb would be greatly appreciated .
i want to share a large spreadsheet with a bunch of people .
in that spreadsheet i want to track 'votes ' in the left column and then create upvote and downvote buttons/links in each row that affect the vote .
someone hit our car we have it on video but we cant see the plate number his driving too fast its blurry is it possible to somehow slow the video and see the number ?
i can send the video or post it thanks .
just wanted to let everyone know that this is possible .
i was 329 light and opened a silver tier bounty and the reward was a 331 jade rabbit .
so this somewhat contradicts the patch notes that say that trials bounties can only drop 330 light max this is probably true for legendary drops only .
the same seems to be true for exotic drops from legendary engrams can drop above 330 light .
both of these types of drops will be very rare but it could be a pleasant surprise so sga max your light even when opening legendary engrams and trials silver tier bounties even though most legendary engrams can only drop 310 max .
i wonder if its also possible to get exotics above 330 as drops from the nightfall i know it is not possible for legendaries but it may be for exotics .
please let me know if anyone gets an exotic drop from the nightfall above 330 not including exotic engrams of course ...
in a previous discussion of this film another redditor pretty much summed up my conclusions from the film which is that the simplest explanations are correct .
lukas died in an accident whilst playing with elias .
the mother undergoes cosmetic surgery in a bid to 'start fresh ' after losing a child and getting divorced .
the surgery seems to coincide with her decision to confront elias ' delusion about lukas .
there 's two things i do n't really understand the meaning of though the year 's supply of frozen pizza and the whole cat thing .
elias is the one who finds the cat dead are we meant to conclude he just killed the cat hid it in the basement only to retrieve it later and place it a tank of water ?
the frozen pizzas i really do n't get what was the point of this scene and the implication of the mother ordering so much ?
the direction and even the dialogue give so little away that every scene feels very intense and you start to wonder and alter which characters you feel sympathetic for .
just some funny lag while playing the new prison of elders update
both total strangers to me who were more than happy to help cruise through the challenge of elders multiple times
this was my second time seeing him after seeing the out there tour .
if you do n't want to know please do n't read !
in spite of all the danger super cool ! !
amazing concert and i highly recommend seeing it if you have the chance !
i can currently do max 6 but i feel them a lot more in my biceps overhand grip .i`d like to decrease my weight with band so i could activate more lats .
it states in the wiki spoiler s knight slayer tsorig doesnt hit hard '' i call bullpoop he almost one shots with every hit and will one shot me if hes two handing
who arrives victorious standing bloodied atop the corpses of the slain ?
hey folks i just started keto after some massive weight gain due to a severe injury of my foot .
i also started weightlifting and kyokushin karate again after over one year of break .
i read your faq and am using your food pyramide as a base for my meals .
but here is the problem i am just a student and most things are quite expensive where i live is there like a webpage or other source for a variety of different meals which are affordable and easy/fast to cook ?
at the moment i am eating the same almost every day since i started and it 's quite annoying .
hope i wont get bashed to hard since this is my first post .
b/o in keys 82 prefer a signle skin or knife
there already are plenty of discussions about how massive wanted to devalue crafting into '' a secondary source of gear '' and failed to do so in 1.1 .
after spending 12 hours in the dz post 1.1 mostly farming dz 5 and 6 bosses i have cleared the stash 15 or more times .
in that time i 've had only 1 non-163 drop 191 nomad gloves that are also a downgrade compared to my equipped ones .
i 've also spent the entire first day of the patch farming challenge modes that actually felt satisfying due to guaranteed 4 he item drops tunnel event center .
none of those were an upgrade either but at least it felt exciting seeing 2 182 's and 2 gear upgrades after every run .
since all my gear is 182 there was at least a good chance for something to be an upgrade .
bring back cms dropping 4 guaranteed he 's from end bosses
up the chance for higher gs drops from higher dz enemies i.e .
a level 32 named could have 50 chance to drop a 182 item 31 33 30 25 .
at this moment i really do n't see a reason to even go into the dz and i think that 's a shame .
when the patch was coming out i could n't wait to start farming dz 5 and 6 because in the patch notes massive stated loot quality would scale with boss level .
the only motivation for me now is to finish ranking up to 75 and i will do that by equipping sub par gear with as much kill i can get and mindlessly farming mobs in dz1 and 2 .
but it will definitely not be a fun experience it will be just another grind i will do to get 204 weapon blueprints .
tl dr so we went a full circle and came back to crafting .
apart from incursions the only activities to get upgrades are mindless grind just to get crafting blueprints .
after that box simulator or more mindless grind for materials and crafting .
i have this quest since a long time ago and using ffangler and such i see that almost 400 gathering is needed ...
the only way to get that high is by crafting/melding ?
i tried to pug a raid earlier and was able to join a warrior in the open world lfg who was also looking .
after forming a squad i tried to put a post up but it was n't showing .
i restarted my client it still was n't working .
i got my friend to try making a post instead it did n't work for him either .
the same warrior i joined in the lfg still had his post up even though he was in a squad already .
i had him try to remove his post he was unable ... . is something similar happening for anyone else ?
just started my brytenwalda playthrough on my int/cha character and i am getting absolutely assblasted by a combination of morale cost and small party size .
i ca n't fucking stand this my opponent misses a slide tackle but my player jumps instead of taking the foul which usually results in me losing the ball and getting hit on the counter .
slide tackles are op enough as it is and this just makes it worse .
also on a side note the animation where players jump over a through ball and slow down a ton is terrible too .
one is a 15 pack bundle for 4200 pts the other is a 5200 point 15 pack bundle that comes with an all rookie topper .
in a nutshell i am currently a phd student at uchicago in social science but have realized that viable academic career paths are disintegrating and that a career in social sector management consulting might be more stable and impactful .
i have considered that the phd could help me gain entry to similar positions and come at no immediate cost to me but the staggering opportunity costs narrower post-graduate job options outside of mbb and years spent on irrelevant research make this option very unappealing .
it seems to me that if i can receive a decent aid package or somehow complete some of my mba coursework while i complete my current ma an mba would likely offer the strongest roi .
however i 'm concerned that i may not be competitive for a strong aid package at an ideal program e.g .
yale som or entrance to the mba program at my current university uchicago due to my non-quantitative background and atypical work history .
the need for this tuition reduction stems from the debt that i previously took on to serve the social sector as a masters-level social worker msw though i am not sure that this will help me to secure additional funding within a top mba program .
i would appreciate any insight that people are willing to share .
other education/coursework 1 msw from liberal arts no gpa 2 entered phd chicago plan to leave w ma 3.95 gpa
gmat have n't taken it yet but my quant skills could be stronger .
had a good job in higher ed administration for a year where i was able to take on a lot of responsibility before beginning my msw but the lack of social impact was depleting for me .
during the msw low-residency i worked full-time for two academic years one year at a community-based health agency tied to a top us hospital and then another year at a university with a high percentage of at-risk students .
i have also taken time off of my phd program to assess my situation this year and have been working at a top b-school as an assistant but i would hesitate to present that as work experience or leave it on my resume because it 's not particularly skilled '' labor ...
goal of mba management consulting for the social sector i.e .
nonprofits foundations and/or social enterprise and possibly leadership within such an organization or company in the more distant future .
i am primarily interested in boutique firms that do this but also bridgespan fsg etc .
previously worked on the ground in social work/social services and nonprofit higher education settings where i designed/lead diversity training/programs engaged in institutional research and did a lot of one-on-one interviewing assessment and group facilitation with various stakeholders .
i have also demonstrated by ability to conduct high-level analysis and conceptualization beyond direct practice work by gaining admission to and succeeding in an elite phd program .
my quantitative skills as evidenced by my social science and humanities-heavy transcripts are not as strong as they could be
my work experience may not be of the caliber that i imagine is desirable at top institutions particularly those that are not oriented toward social impact .
i want to play a fun game that really doesnt takes me too much time from me because i need to study .
csgo is the game my friends play the most wow idk if anyone of my friends play but a lot of people talk well about it realm of the mad god some friends play it and its somewhat cool .
if not recommend me another game thats mainly f2p please even though wow aand csgo arent free 2 play i already have them and idc paying the monthly bill for wow but i want you t orecommend a game pls
if the mods can give more armor and crit chance i 'll remake all my lvl 30 ones .
i just got home from riding my bike back from the mechanic where i dropped off my car for work .
its about a 5-10 minute ride home no big deal .
there is a huge break in traffic across the one main road i have to pass and i see my chance .
no big deal at all i cross the street into the big mall parking lot where i decided to cut through .
next thing i know some older guy like 50 keep in mind that im 22 and about 6ft tall in his convertible beeps and signals me to stop and talk .
usually id just drive away but for some reason i wanted to hear what he had to say .
he proceeds to tell me how riding on the wrong side of the road '' is dangerous and blah blah ...
i respond im good and i know exactly where im going '' and he keeps going about how hes looking out for me !
by beeping at a biker on the road making me pull over and talk to him like im some 7 year old who does n't know how to cross the street .
i finally told him you realize your telling an adult to be careful crossing the street.. like i have n't riden bikes my whole life . ''
tl dr some older guy beeped at me and waved me down to tell me also an adult to be careful crossing the street
hello fans new senior announcer for kaiju sports network and kaiju big battel here with a question for you !
no guarantees as i am not the one who books shows i am just genuinely curious where around this great world we live in wants to have us !
i 'm actually playing normal mode i 'm guessing ie e stands for infinity evolved expert .
anyway i 'm having trouble inserting hydration cells into my crop-matron .
i ca n't place it into the relevant inventory spot itemducts and servos refuse to insert it from a nearby chest and using buildcraft pipes results in the cells popping straight out .
i have played a bit of ds2 scholar of the first sins so i am familiar with the fight mechanics a bit but i am still a bit lost .
i am having the damnedest time figuring out which attacks i can roll under sweeping type versus which i need to avoid .
boss battles become an unpredictable crap shoot as a result .
can anyone provide a set of attacks or attack animations that i can look for and some type of description or strategy for how you read them during the fight .
there must be some type of trick for figuring out oh okay this is a downward smash so its unblockable '' or something to that effect .
i am not terrible at the rolling dodging parrying but i simply can not tell what type of attack it is so i can not counter very well .
rather than a tab of all the items most popularly built on the god how about that tab be filled with the most popular items you 've built on the god ?
may not seem like a big deal on pc but on xbox it 's much harder to find items quickly since you ca n't type filters and need to scroll through long side scrolling lists .
since the popular tab is there but unused i feel that is a happy medium between getting rid of it completely and making it useful again .
what 's the best way to record voices from multiple people and have their mouths move at the same time in game .
even if it 's to not use the editor but record through a secondary means .
beat the first lord last night and opened the door .
wanted to check out this room on the other side of his but it 's guarded by those metal warriors .
i just do n't feel like dying to fight these .
so i noticed that they will chase you to the boss door and stop .
i just do n't know if i should feel bad about this or not .
i 'm 28 and have never had an hpv test before the last few weeks .
i was in a monogamous relationship for 7 years .
my doc never tested for hpv then bc we she said it was n't standard we were married etc .
a year and a half later over a year after a divorce and my new doctor begins hpv screening at 28 .
i have been in another monogamous relationship for 7 months .
my cells look normal but i came back as hpv positive .
i have been getting std screened all my life just no hpv testing .
never any signs warts the divorce was not due to infidelity .
what does this mean for current and or future partners ?
the doc said she is testing further to determine risk of cervical cancer but is not concerned about warts .
she said this may clear itself but i 'm still terrified .
she told me everything will be okay and she 's confident i will clear '' this after a few more rounds of testing but we will discuss the results once further testing is complete .
how can she not be concerned about gw 's if she does n't know the exact strain yet ?
do their results show yes this is one that can cause warts . ''
or no this is not one that can cause warts '' and then further testing is done for high vs low risk ?
how can this clear itself and how can she be confident in that if i do n't know how long i 've had it ?
i have exactly 5 bucks in my account and i would n't like to purchase it through the app store since apple charges taxes .
can i buy the hero portrait using the battle.net balance ?
i know the answer will probably be no '' but i 'd like to know if perhaps there 's a way .
so i initially did the agent origins promotion only to get the orange box in my email .
they finally resent the code once i entered it the pack disappeared from the xbox marketplace .
brain jack has a similar idea as his new i phone '' video .
i think if he has n't read it yet he should .
need one for anor londo boss password is '911 ' ! ! !
i know that it 's a vague question but i would really appreciate if anyone could give me any help with the various parts of the question .
what should i look for to do my due diligence '' basically what should i watch out for when checking out houses ?
do i need to hire any inspectors or real estate agents when buying a home ?
what goes into the mortgage and what should i expect my actual all-in cost to be ?
i 've heard vaguely about factoring fees taxes and maintanence into the monthly cost .
if this is too much to explain please send me some resources or links that have this information .
looking for a reference/instruction/outreach librarian positions in the area and would really like some criticism on my resume !
i am currently employed in a temp position which is basically full time but i have to travel to a campus an hour away weekly as well as acting as support to individuals who have the same level of education and experience as me .
another negative is no benefits of any kind pto health retirement etc .
hoping to get a new position as a full time librarian hopefully faculty status .
here is the link to my resume any comments contributions criticism appreciated !
so i was reading up on tle when something jumped out at me tle is payable at your hor ?
partially pay members for lodging/meal expenses incurred by a member dependent s while occupying temporary lodging in conus icw a pcs .
a member is authorized tle reimbursement nte the number of days authorized in par .
conus pds designated place app a1 a member 's conus hor and or technical school if the member is reporting to the first pds
after arriving at the new conus pds designated place and the member 's first pds if the member is
c. when house hunting is performed after the member completes pcs travel to the new pds i.e. in
conjunction with a pcs after arrival at the new pds
d. for the elapsed time between pdss when per diem is not payable
the tle days covered must be used in the vicinity of the old/new pds
and/or the member 's conus hor or initial technical school if the member is ordered to active duty .
so could i depart and claim 10 days of tle while staying at a hotel base near my hor ?
only 4 out of 16 defenders are at any sort of risk to emp grenades .
4 out of 16 is no where near half .
yup id rather die by the mrazek than live by the howard if that makes any sense .
no i 'm saying using the term whore '' when referring to female politician is sexist .
there are other ways to say hillary has taken corporate money that do n't involve calling her a whore .
a lot of consulting companies hire ecologists ... that might be a way for you to break into the environmental field .
idk i thought di was anything to do with moving in the air .
oh gawd the twitch chat when tyloo landed a sick nade everyone was typing yao ming .
ich habe einfach redditenhancementsuite installiert und alle us wahl-subs in den filter getan die posts von r/the_donald haben mich echt frustriert .
i think the international route might be a bit ambitious any distance further than nz is going to need padding on either side with a round off before or after .
i do like the idea as an incentive to try different locations domestically though .
good luck to the team which pairs with collingwood though !
get the fuck off the table and stop trying to eat my fucking dinner . ''
of course they 'd just smile look me in the eye and say fuck you . ''
ads are nothing more than an annoyance to me and pretty much everyone i know .
it 's baffling that they can actually have an effect on people .
they only purpose they serve is to make me uncomfortably aware of female indie artists making atrocious slow breathy covers of classic songs at an alarming rate .
ellie goulding has got a lot to answer for .
i 'd love to slap the brimmed hats off their stupid heads with their own ukeleles .
here 's a free idea enterprising youth of silicone valley .
design a dongle that plugs into a tv that recognises advertising .
when the ads start replace them with my favourite music and play visualisations on screen until the break is over .
send me some scratch when you become a millionaire ...
debbie was n't going to be willing to vote out julia .
and long may eve uni exist in this game !
i guess some people will disregard the facts whatever happens .
there 's debate in the analytics community about the relative detriment of blocking shots even before injuries are considered .
not blocking them might more rebounds but might also skaters being in a better position to easily clear rebounds while also increasing the goalies ' chance of seeing the release of the shot and making the first save .
and then goalies are incredibly quick and skilled ! ''
exactly the only revolution that will work is one supported by the military .
being that most of the brass have economic and political interests in the current system the responsibility will fall on junior officers and your average soldier to make the right call when the time comes .
sooooo.. how about a release date or a gameplay ?
i 'm disappointed there was no mamba out '' drops mic moment
generally my first play through team includes fire grass water electric flying and other .
in other games where i 've had a pokemon that covers two like swanna and talonflame i 've also had another pokemon added .
i do n't actually remember what is was in xy though .
really you should just play with what you enjoy .
this is my standard set up because it allows for both surf and fly to be on my team as well as covering a lot of types but to be honest i 'd love to stray away from it and just use whatever pokemon i like the look of .
i still think of his changes as nerfs but he is better because heroes he is good against are more common in the meta now .
he can be played as a counter-initiator and does n't need to constantly chase people down which allows him to talent more defensively .
to other users posting on this thread and not to the submitter of this particular thread offering on price check and question threads is not allowed .
failure to abide by this rule may result in a temporary or permanent ban .
sharking is not tolerated here and any attempt made will result in a permanent ban .
please refer to our subreddit 's rules as well if you have any doubts .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/globaloffensivetrade if you have any questions or concerns .
interesting article but i really detest the phrase we should grow the pie for everyone '' .
income inequality is a real issue and there has to be some hard truths that the rich need to pay a lot more in tax but incremental and realistic change to the taxation system is the way to go rather than a unlikely revolution that bernie espouses .
what is that bonus/boost you have enabled on you character ai ?
he 's just a troll dude i had a look through his comment history .
no you wo n't lose basic profiency in a skill by not using it but you will lose skill if not maintainig the skill .
i often lose guitar skill when forgetting to practice the guitar for a couple of weeks .
although its faster to regain lost skill than get new skill .
edit in sports a thumb rule is that what you lose in one week when slacking off takes two weeks to regain .
there are more than enough people around in the real world for that sort of thing .
this is like the fantasy of everyone in youtube comments .
look in above your minimap you can see a clock .
press it and you 'll see all the hours acording to your time zone .
java is adding guava-style collection initializers to most of the collection interfaces in jdk 9 .
this is close enough to a collection literal to make me not want them anymore .
i guess the only drawback is that as best i can tell this returns an immutable list but in my opinion that is actually desirable
no worries i 'll just wait another 2 years for the gild
interesting i 'm guessing there will be a character re-roll too for the racial variation .
q duskbringer skill shot that deals damage leaves a trail that gives him bonus ad and move speed .
this skill is great and i love the idea of it but think it should change slightly in favor for some cc .
simply take away some of nocturne 's bonus movement speed and make it into a slow .
example instead of gaining 20 ms he gains 10 and slows the enemy by 10 .
this would make nocturne have more of a team fighting impact and thus more useful .
i agree noc cc sucks but his q is not the right spot to address that .
i rather see him be able to traverse walls on his trail he is a ghost afterall .
w shroud of darkness gives passive attack speed activate for a spell shield .
as boring as i find spell shields to be i have n't thought of a good substitute or change for this skill .
change the activation from doubling the as to reducing incoming damage by x .
this gives him the tankiness and survivability he needs .
e unspeakable horror targeted 2 second tether that fears the enemy if not broken .
a way to make this skill more well skillful and useful would be to make it a skill shot cone aoe .
so giving him an aoe fear is a big buff so we have to tune it down .
any enemy caught in the initial cast is then tethered like the current skill .
but if the enemy is on a dusk trail when the tether reaches 2 seconds they are then feared .
if they are not on a trail they are instead silenced .
effectively the skill remains the same in a 1v1 albeit the chance of missing the aoe however unlikely but it also adds depth to his team fighting abilities and overall skill cap .
i disagree i think it should not get a silence .
i propose aoe tethers to all units around him including monsters .
the tether is 2x the range deals soft cc in the form of a slow and a fear after 2 seconds .
r paranoia first cast reduces enemy vision to only around themselves .
second cast is a targeted cast onto an enemy champion at a long distance and nocturne flies straight to them can cast spell while flying .
wish i could say it could be cast on minions but that is kind of dumb and would make it a bit more op than it kind of already is so no changes here .
would be strategic to be able to cast on a minion i do n't think it would make it op .
nocturne is outdated old and does not fit the meta well with league of tanks and league of mobility .
he works well vs a xerath ziggs cho gath but those champions are not seen as frequently as ekko or zed for example who are too mobile for him .
wow i did n't know they made the kits as well when you google chrysler badge a fake bentley one is the 4th image .
that was n't the only reason they were invited .
nobody knows the invite criteria but it was definitely not the sole reason .
this chinese student left a maserati parked on the street with the engine running so i called my homies for the g-ride while i was in class .
they really get caught slipping a lot and are very good for robbing .
they also stupidly carry a lot of cash and valuables .
you ca n't get guilt until you get a mon to 6 i 'd say 5 at the very least you can hope for a couple skill ups from there .
i applied to be an open heart surgeon and they didnt call me or anything !
at least i know it 's not just me .
the watch would still be laggy before the marshmallow update but it would never lock up and freeze like it does for me now .
i even enabled all permissions for all apps in the watch 's settings just to make sure it was n't some issue with the new permission system and no go .
no worries it 's not the end of the world haha .
httt followed amnesiac imo the two darkest '' radiohead albms .
httt slowly grows but i adore the chirpy and beautiful melodies of in rainbows .
what 's even weirder is that the twig i got hung on was a green/not dead one that i had grabbed and spun around with until most of it twisted off and left a little curly stump right before climbing the tree .
you put up an article about this 45 minutes ago .
well it 's youtube ... it ca n't be that baa ... ..aahhh aaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhh oh god ! !
have you tried deleting everything and downloading it again ?
in d tier i would stop using zoning abilities after a certain amount of damage and just do melee combat for the rest of the match because i felt bad about it .
once i got into c and people started actually dealing with the zoning and melee combat with braixen stopped working so well i did n't feel bad about it anymore .
not to say her melee game is terrible it 's the best of the three main zoners but you know blaziken machap and the like .
if you are vocal on political issues it could reflect negatively upon you .
i would use a pseudonym to help separate it from your professional life .
i think the overall best course of action is to abstain from this type of public attention as a physician in training .
i 'm glad to hear that since that is actually my favorite story i 've written in my horror/scifi fusion works .
there 's a 27 foot long timeline scroll in my basement that i drew out for portal in the forest and we started a little over halfway along that timeline with cristina thompson 's mysterious arrival in a neighborhood in richmond virginia .
it was supremely exciting to find a way to slip back to the early days and glimpse the 'past ' as we know it all the way over on the left of the paper !
and i 've really been hoping to find some more angles to revisit that era .
they had their own threats political dealings back when the gemstone hegemony was friendly !
and the plant god was just a baby pinecone and reasons for living and fighting on .
to discourage violations of rule 1 all posts need to come with an explanation as to why what was posted was bad politics .
this explanation should ideally contain at least three sentences that demonstrate where the factual inaccuracy lies and should not include blatant statements of opinion or denigration of any political position or ideology .
i just gave you aziz ansari 's voice for some reason .
i agree although it felt good to get the two high end items at the end of incursion i ca n't say i actually enjoyed my time completing it it was stressful and like you say not really that difficult just frustrating and long .
nah they just need to make it to where u can hit more than your opponents hp at the time.. say they have 12hp your max hit can only be a 12 thats what needs to be changed
the point of my comment was to make sure bernie 's supporters realize that if they just give up then the political revolution will be over .
give up on the presidential election all you want just please get out and at least vote for progressive candidates in your city/state .
any of your employers/supervisors professors willing to vouch for you ?
what makes you so special that we should bend our rules for you is what this comes down to .
glowing praise from work/school supervisors may be enough but most likely will not .
you need more than just i 'm a functioning adult . ''
not trying to be harsh here just trying to explain the reality of the waiver system .
i 'm not even a basketball fan but i came here to see the reaction and whatnot .
i hate goodbyes of any kind that shit makes me tear up quick .
it depends highly in the country or state you all live in .
it will depend a lot i guess on whether the father 's name is on the birth certificate or not .
there is nothing you can do for your friend but help him find a good lawyer and stay by his side during the whole process for moral support .
i 've been reading the public accounts committee 's 100 page report on 1mdb and it was literally bad decision after bad decision .
either that or someone ehem was forcing the ceo at that time to make those decisions .
of course he 's going to say something like this .
the report is very transparent failures were reported and highlighted clearly but the deeper question of why 1mdb did what it did was not answered by the report .
tye dillinger is n't a jobber right now he is a carpenter he is helping to build up others .
a jobber is someone more like how evie was used against nia jax .
knowing evie is n't a jobber but that was her role in that point in time
i would make you a very happy woman titty-first .
why do you assume only fat people worry about looking fat ?
i 'm a us4 and still worry about if a dress is flattering .
you need to learn how to non interpret things without superimposing your subjective views on them .
i 'm wondering how to get invaded so i can experience this game feature it sounds awesome .
a trump election might be the shock the government needs to fall apart .
clinton would continue the slide into the big-goverment-knows-better-than-you mentality .
well done and bless her for trying you could have been more specific or pointed her to a keto cake recipie with almond flour and sweetener
damn those are some pretty drastic proposals considering only the season before last no eu teams made it out of groups .
maybe we should have stripped them of some spots last season
i guess i will be starting ranked tonight and see how that goes for me .
i just saw that there is a reward for making it to rank 20 so i will definitely try that
nowadays whenever my food starts to stick to the pan i can add something as simple as chicken stock and a wooden spoon will take it right off .
my onions and potatoes always get that crispy brown burn to them d
to other users posting on this thread and not to the submitter of this particular thread offering on price check and question threads is not allowed .
failure to abide by this rule may result in a temporary or permanent ban .
sharking is not tolerated here and any attempt made will result in a permanent ban .
please refer to our subreddit 's rules as well if you have any doubts .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/globaloffensivetrade if you have any questions or concerns .
she was triggered by the sight of food the yearning to eat something with fat but knowing what her manager says about staying the proper weight '' .
or maybe she is holding cumbox 2.0 and just realized it .
only 2 starred 94 this same base earlier with a similar attack .
core of my target was cc below moat th below that and xbows swapped with heroes .
started my queen walk at the north which was the big mistake and fed gova in at 8'oclock on defensive queen side .
now that i watch this if i started my walk at 9'oclock she would n't have spent so much time pounding through walls to meat up with the rest of the squad and i could have gotten that other 6 .
there 's no easy quick or immediately satisfying way .
progress is slow and frustrating and can be reversed without vigilance .
can you fucking imagine if union leaders and organizers in 1895 were like fuck it put carnegie in charge let 's watch this mother burn ?
those guys were getting their faces smashed in by pinkertons .
too many let-it-burn progressive types are ready to throw in the towel because voting for hillary would despoil their precious purity .
ron paul got totally fleeced in 2012 and i wish more people knew about it .
there was great reporting on it by rachel maddow by the way she followed the entire thing then and talks about it now in context with what is going on in 2016
context for what i 'm talking about https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=mtjms4tpwca
i thought the bassline was a bit repetitive though .
well one of the gas giant 's moons in achenar is a natural earth-like .
that tells us that they exist in-game although that particular instance was obviously placed intentionally .
i think there are others out there but they would be extremely rare .
i 'm actually trying for this at the moment already .
if anyone else on ps4 needs this join on me .
agnes seems like the most legitimate normal name in this list .
mi ne da smo daleko od švicarske i danske nego nismo ni na istoj planeti .
govorim ti ovo iz perspektive privatnika koji radi neposredno za i surađuje sa državnim ustanovama i poduzećima .
well diablo is almost never played in competitive and melee assassins are very meta right now so most teams will have sonya/thrall/illidan greymane .
i think with this argument even etc and muradin are almost never played as solo frontline .
if you want to get a job of applying existing tools on problems that fit focus on getting familiar with as many tools as you can and practice using them .
but you will be somewhat limited by what 's available .
and your understanding will be gained empirically by trying things out .
if you want to also be able to modify existing tools and create your own without deeper understanding maybe then you can focus on learning to program and seeing how the tools work on the inside .
this will enable you to adapt algorithms into pipelines and integrate stuff that is only available as a library in some programming language .
and if you want to improve the algorithms conceptually or design new ones then in most of the cases you will have to know some theoretical computer science statistics and or mathematics .
and probably be familiar with biological problem you are working on .
this third section probably requires the deepest level of knowledge .
and it 's hard long and not so exciting work and typically done by academia .
so learn what the job you want to get requires and adapt to that .
it 's on netflix in canada at least if you have that .
i think that it 's inferior for the purpose of raising children .
it 's your life your kink so far as romance and sex are concerned but when it comes to kids ... well there are better and worse ways to parent .
optimal number is probably three-to-five lowest range of dunbar 's number parents but that might be speculating further than the scientific literature will let me .
edit clarification i 'm saying that monogamy is inferior for raising children not polyamory .
i was in 4th grade i had a friend who was well even more nerdy then me .
of all my friends i was the coolest '' nerd i guess lol .
but there was this one kid brandon who always fucked with him and made fun up him and i remember one day he just said something completely over the top and my friend started to get a little weepy and look really down .
i ended up grabbing the kid by the throat and slamming him into the back door where we hug up our coats .
grabbed the back of his neck with my hand and squeezed my nails into his skin as we had a little talk '' about how he was n't going to mess with him ever again .
he took it well until the teacher was walking around class and saw the marks on his neck and he snitched and started crying .
guys if you have anything to challenge me i take if ot exists in a movie or irl then i can build it .
i saw someone that made a tardis that did n't work so i made one that 's bigger on thee inside .
they 'll be too pussy to say it 's shit .
i think critics are afraid if they do n't like a radiohead album people will think they do n't know their job .
even the king of limbs got a 7.9 because of pure cowardice
the discussion threads are a mixed bag of rage and curiosity screeds against feminists advice on how to masturbate less
one big problem op mentioned it with kunkka is that when you get too close too him very quick blink him suddenly appear from smoke/fog of war he really does n't do a whole lot .
compare that to a hero like lion who often can still stun hex ult in that case .
they have silent ordering so that you do n't have to listen to other people talk to the server .
it 's all written down on an order card .
it seems that you do n't so quit your bullshit .
i did n't realize that we were measuring political prowess dick size here .
so what does that have to do with millennials knowing shit about shit ?
you 'll forgive me if i put any stock into some 24 year old who 's feeling the bern tells me that they are a savvy political operator .
now if you happen to have a bit of life experience and this not your first presidential election cycle i might would be inclined to listen to what you have to say .
but even then life experience is not an excuse for bullshit policy .
grandpa sanders has been around forever and his policies are just as naive as an 18 year old college students .
only it 's worse for him he should know better .
sitting in a puddle of their own sweat while mum feeds them tendies .
bro get out of here with your homophobia i was just stating how big my ass got stretched .
longest i 've gone without a poo is just under 3 weeks .
causes item rooms and angel rooms to restock once the player leaves the room .
however the room seals itself up again once the player leaves .
angel rooms require joker cards in order to get back in as the goat head will not take effect .
golden keys do not work on item rooms when this items has been picked up .
way of blue sentinels come and help you when invaded .
blue sentinels the sentinels that get sent to the way of the blue peeps .
they 're not actually reps here 's the link http www.liquornpoker.co.uk/collections/harley/products/liquor-n-poker-harley-black-biker-mens-skinny-jeans .
although they do stock them on asos http www.asos.com//liquor-poker/liquor-poker-skinny-distressed-biker-jeans-in-washed-black/prod/pgeproduct.aspx ? iid=6457777 who do ship to the us .
i 'm 5'10 and 10.5 stone got a size 32 .
currently all found posts must be submitted as text posts and links to the image s must be contained inside the text post .
see this post https redd.it/3tzxzz for more details or to comment on this rule .
your post here https www.reddit.com/r/cosplay/comments/4eq3kb/found_korean_cosplay_tasha_as_overwatchs_tracer does not meet this criteria .
as per usual with reddiquette https www.reddit.com/wiki/reddiquette please do look for the original source of content and submit that .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cosplay if you have any questions or concerns .
i know berserk has been going on for a shit long time .
i relate with you because i have to wait until the world ends for the next chapter of vagabond .
exactly those that do n't fly constant cry nerf to air and want more counters '' but this ruins and deters air combat .
it takes skill and a fair amount of practice to shoot down another esf unless they 're hovering in place and if you get hit with a lock or flack it forces you to disengage .
it takes much more effort to get a2a kills while farming infantry and vehicles has much less exposure time and is more rewarding .
i say reduce the range of lockon launchers and flack but also nerf esf a2g weapons .
fighter 's should be effective at their primary role which is shooting down other aircraft in particular liberators .
that way you can fly a2a without ground support and more inexperienced pilots would pull esfs to counter enemy aircraft rather than being turned off by the lack of ground weapons .
one flack turret one skyguard can more or less deter a2a esfs in that airspace it 's not fun .
this post 1 https archive.is/le1f2 2 https web.archive.org/20160414073549/http www.reddit.com/r/me_irl/comments/4enl00/me_irl error http megalodon.jp error auto-archiving click to submit it ! ''
i was wondering if anyone else has done this before ?
i considered it but have n't found a game where it would be worth the hassle .
if i want music i add it in post .
i do n't play gta or fallout where the in game radio is a bit of a bigger deal .
when you replace music make sure you do n't use copyrighted recordings of public domain music .
you surely know this is an issue but i thought i 'd mention it just in case .
it sounds stupid but i want it d mod please
coutinho really is the best choice but you can look at mata if you feel united may have some goals in them or antonio unless he still remains in defence .
i think i read somewhere that she 's worth 1.2 million .
i guess i could add a second get for checking again .
i really do n't understand why the rest of the country does n't just keep their primaries open .
they do n't want the voice of the people to ring through .
you see that 's another thing about this article .
bernie sanders has never claimed that hillary clinton is a tool of the fossil fuel industry '' .
he has merely pointed out that hillary clinton supports fracking which is absolutely verifiably true from her time as secretary of state .
now that she 's on the campaign trail she claims she 's against it yet the industry 's lobbyists are pouring millions of dollars of bundled contributions into her super pacs .
does that make her a tool of the industry ?
paul krugman seems to think that it 's implied but i 'll leave it for you to decide .
this webpage is blocked at work for a reason of weapons .
i do a good job of hiding my awakening-baby status .
how i got into fe is actually fairly interesting .
without giving too much away i 'm in the military and was receiving letters during letters from friends and family while i was away .
i asked one of my friends to keep me informed on who made it into sm4sh .
i got a letter saying i do n't know who robin and luciina are but they 're in smash now '' .
it took all of my willpower to not get superhyped in front of my drill sergeant i wanted robin because i knew he was a mage and not a blue haired swordie .
after graduating basic there 's a second phase of training and you can now have laptops and other electronics .
i asked my parents to bring my 3ds and they got me awakening as a graduation present it was honestly one of the only things that kept me sane .
when i got home i needed play more fe i lurked this sub and all i saw was go play sacred stones '' i did and it blew my mind .
then i played fe7 and shadow dragon and the more i played the less i worshiped awakening .
i got to experience all the cool shit that was cut in awakening like rescue status staves light magic and tons of other stuff .
i know there was a lot to celebrate last night but lackey 's single makes me so happy .
if i understand this correctly the only benefit is ability to shoot more wide-angle thaт usual .
someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit
r/dgdtrader ann openledger you are in control doing it smart trading decentralized '' ask me anything ama digix https np.reddit.com/r/dgdtrader/comments/4erg89/ann_openledger_you_are_in_control_doing_it_smart
footer if you follow any of the above links please respect the rules of reddit and do n't vote in the other threads .
tell the players up front how it is going to go down .
get buy-in for the idea of starting out as gladiators you can sell it as an opportunity to test out the combat system for new players perhaps and let them enjoy the ride .
if they do n't like it contemplate just skipping straight to the end and starting in the coastal town .
some players can not abide being prisoners for some odd reason and the important thing is to get the campaign going .
i get that we need people like you to buy the game on the first day of release and for the max price to finance the entire fun for the rest of us .
yet i keep cringing when i see shit like this lol .
preorder why in the world would you do that for a digital product ? !
on kingiun and g2a is 22eur cheaper than what you just spent btw .
still i 'd be pissed if a dude consistently fucked about in our game of grifball especially if he was doing shit like standing still and only moving around enough to not get booted for being idle .
wait my understanding was that he did pay all the taxes once he withdraw the money/sold the shares ?
he basically deferred paying the taxes to a later day .
not touching some money your father left you for rainy days actually sounds sensible .
carr on the other hand kept using the money through loans that are not subject to tax .
i do n't have much knowledge on this and i could be missing something trying to connect the dots in a week-old thread about a foreign country 's politics .
did n't the total runs question yesterday say 9.5 not 8.5 ?
i am asking what would happen if upon kaldr having say 2 hit points skadi activated the ult .
we were able to teach him come and sit in a week !
there 's a very big difference between a soft no and a hard no .
and people who ca n't tell the difference will be rapists no matter what .
low effort posts/comments will be removed per moderator discretion .
if you feel this was done in error or would like better clarification or need further assistance please do n't hesitate to message the moderators .
https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/politicaldiscussion subject=messaging regarding the removal of this submission by u/spitfire9107 message=messaging about this submission .
what you want is small instant transactions that are not eaten into by high fees .
that 's the use case where lightning network really shines .
sorry but what are you even trying to say ?
i was saying that they should make playing him more risky thus more balanced and rewarding to play .
i feel bad for all those drivers who went out and got huge loans to basically fork over 200k to buy those plates to operate a cab .
we all learned how truly corrupt and greedy the industry became coventry connections etc and the whole industry imploded as a result .
sure the gangsters who basically ran the whole operation are also going to suffer as a result of their greed and incompetence but they are n't going to suffer like many of these independent operators just trying to eek out a living .
and i will say that my experience with ottawa taxi drivers has been overwhelmingly positive .
however the cost payment system and service with uber has been that much better regardless and is truly the better model right now .
the question becomes how sustainable is uber 's current level/quality of service ?
and there 's a gas station that has an english shop which is mostly sainsbury 's .
as long as i can satisfy my craving for bangers i 'm happy .
these are some great points glad to see you play greninja his footstool combos are gold and what you said about platforms are very true as not only for falcon but any character that utilizes footstools platforms are a huge interference within the combo and can definitely become a hindrance .
i guess i do n't see their obvious reasons as being obvious .
does eeoc work for my employer or is this something i would seek out ?
this just made me think of a time back in high school when i was a cashier at target .
a couple came through my line and all they were buying was a box of condoms .
i thought it was kinda funny but i was n't going to say anything .
but then the guy looks at me turns to his girl and says are you ready for a wild night honey ? ''
most teams with top tier qbs are on the verge of contending and trading their qb away gives up their leader and their center piece leading them to a rebuild .
you could probably get a mid tier qb for it .
i was just thinking yesterday i could do with reading it again .
two comedians discuss gay and women 's issues and they are both very smart and so hilarious .
the kind of laughter that makes your abs hurt .
also are you familiar with the fashion blog man repeller ?
leandra the founder of the site just started a podcast called monocycle and it 's excellent .
the episodes are very short just like 10 minutes but they 're almost like mini-therapy sessions for me .
she talks about things like burnout self-care confidence etc .
highly recommend when you need a short burst of positivity !
ccc-rigged faxes will almost certainly be the norm or at the very least quite common .
just fit a triage mod to the affected carriers so they 'll be converted when citadel hits .
then sell them and get the hull you want .
you 'll probably make a really nice profit since it will be weeks until faxes can be produced with bpos/bpcs profitably .
you can type any pantheon norse greek roman chinese '' in the search bar and all gods that are not in that pantheon will be filtered out
paging u/muffinizer so that the two of you can fight it out .
we need another phrase that means the same thing as trigger warning .
we can use it to warn all the people that are triggered by trigger warnings .
kissinger is hillarys tutor so what do you think she will do ?
177 dp is with ultimate grunil if you make it yellow each piece gets 5 dp it 's 157 dp while green/blue at 15 .
i have 2k hp since i 'm lvl 56 200 hp and 2x 100 hp gems in my chest .
my jewelry is pretty good but not great a full set of pri witches/marks but regular ogre ring and tree spirit belt i have the stacks to try and pri both but need the cash .
and yes for pvp always run foods and elixirs .
i run serendia calph balenos good mix of offense defense and movespeed .
i prefer the mana elixir for when i am on my horse and sometimes use the hp elixir or 2 movespeed elixir for if i 'm on foot which is rare outside of red battlefield .
you will also want to eventually invest in an alchemy stone but i do n't even have one yet as they are really expensive 222m for the weakest one i 'd consider worth the investment .
the otherthing i would recommend is working on your horse and horse armor .
my horse has over 100 dp and i spend most of my owpvp sitting on its back .
currently working on breeding a t6 i 'm sooo close .
what about the clank puzzles in a crack in time ?
some of those were pretty impressive and took some thought .
gah it 's so warm and sunny out it 's giving me the itch to bust out the power tools and build some shit .
i do n't even know what just ... something .
i think i need to get crackin ' on sketching some ideas and stuff .
looking at that banner battleborn looks like an overwatch ripoff
nobody 's comin ' up with 6. who works out in 6 minutes ?
you wo n't even get your heart goin not even a mouse on a wheel .
another guess auto correct dont wan na deal with my shit today
i 'm gon na go out on a limb here and guess that is exactly the response the government was looking for..
taxi companies generally have a lot of pull with local governments and i 'd not be surprised if this was n't the outcome the taxi companies/local government was looking for..
since i 'm retired i 'd looked into driving for uber here in las vegas found i had to get three fucking business licenses city county and state for a total cost of over 500/year plus a lot of other crap stuff wherein i decided to forget about it ... other small businesses here only have to get either a city or county business license depending on where the business is located ...
i do n't see the big deal other than it seeming unfair '' to the winner of the prize .
you still get to keep 70 of the value of the prize ...
i 've had a lot of moments of ok i definitely blew up this wall/floor what 's going on ? ''
is anyone going to acknowledge that this exact same post was on the front page yesterday .
at this point i think all of those people have a vastly negative reputation .
except maybe chris brown i do n't understand why artists even nicki minaj !
the fact you say it would be an attack on billion hindus suggests you will be happy to use for political gains
did you not read the topic of this thread ?
isis threatens to wipe out hindus from india vows to carry out guerrilla attacks
why are you trying to deviate attention away from isis and somehow turn it into muslims becoming potential victims ?
or you could do this in powershell and set the destination as a variable .
i can dislocate my thumbs and pop them back in place without touching them .
2 from crystal lizards on the bridge above the farron wolf where the archers are 2 from giants in cathedral of the deep area .
i 've heard that there is something you find in the area after catacombs that allows you to buy them at firelink .
he was eventually right and kbio came crashing back down but it did n't matter because he got called away and forced into a massive loss .
and all because of someone he 's never met .
it 's since tb changed from skype to something different .
it has this autobalancing that when someone else makes a sound jesse completely shuts out and dodger also starts to sound hollow .
maybe because it was n't actually that tragic if you consider all of the events throughout history .
the kids were getting along and the only thing the mom had done wrong '' was name her kid that .
i think i figured it why op is struggling to find friends .
from what i 've heard chucklefish is not taking a huge cut since they did relatively minor publishing duties compared to a typical publisher .
i 'd be surprised if it was over 10 .
even assuming that 's 10 net instead of gross ...
that would leave him with 9.45 million or more .
i worry the teacher will find hibari to not be unlucky at all and want her to change classes .
if look at it only anne and botan are unlucky while hibari just hangs out with them .
last year a few days before christmas i was at a bass pro and pretty much every spot was taken for miles .
close to the doors i see this dodge ram taking up 2 spaces .
i could n't stop thinking about it especially when i was carrying all my shit past it again through the parking lot ice and slush .
i drove over to the car and wrote a note on a piece of paper that read '' thanks for taking up two spaces asshole .
i hope you enjoy what we did to your truck .
i did n't actually do anything other than put a note on it but you know that the guy was looking and thinking about it for a long time .
i heard you guys have a pre-med conference '' in october .
there 's the rolling attack running attack up+strong attack jumping strike up+light attack kick up+l2 jumping shield attack .
press triangle to switch to two-hand mode on weapon for different moves in those conditions .
hold triangle to 2 hand the left hand weapon .
it 's not as blatant flowing a system like bloodborne but it 's a good'n .
in dark souls you want to lock on to your target and flow like the wind around him for that backstab left stick towards spine light attack .
use your ears to know if extra people are behind you just arrived on the scene etc .
there is nothing wrong with 1hko knife kills just like there is nothing wrong with 1hko headshots
battlefield style 'scripted ' animation where you lose complete control of your character would be absolutely stupid they take far too long you can be parried and if you die before knifing the opponent does n't die .
made her quite popular in high school but looking back it 's just awful .
when i first shared my girlfriend with my best friend many years ago it was something that started with a dare that she would n't flash him her tits .
we both got very excited she and i briefly discussed it and then proposed fooling around to him .
he was a horny kinky bastard so he was all for it .
the subsequent times were all basically we all had a good time let 's do it again .
and then it sort of petered out when it ran its course .
no it sounds like he 's not strong enough to push back up from a kneeling position .
no clue about the game but do n't bother with the anime it 's basically shit .
and i say this as a big fan of warships .
think of it like leaving out a bowl of halloween candy on your front porch .
sure every kid could just come and take one candy as you intend to happen but realistically one of those kids is going to dump the whole bowl into their bag .
we 'd play better with 10 men and moreno not on the pitch .
i was at a bar with some friends and a really drunk guy came over and started talking to me while i was ordering a drink .
he was friendly enough so i did n't mind engaging in a little small talk with him .
he asked my name and it happened to be the female version of his own name .
it 's like it was meant to be ! ''
it took all i had not to just laugh in his face .
please read this message in its entirety before taking action .
your question has been removed as it looks like you 're needing assistance of some sort which violates askreddit 's rule 2 http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_2
any post with personal pronouns i my mine will not be approved .
otherwise if these do n't fit your needs check out the multireddits in our sidebar http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/about/sidebar which cover almost every topic imaginable thanks !
if you feel this was removed in error please contact the mods http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2faskreddit subject=help related post review request message=my post was removed for being help related please review 3a 0d 0a 0d 0ahttp 3a 2f 2fwww.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/4esvtl/serious_people_who_had_near_death_experiences .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
probably because it 's a concept called respect for one 's culture and race .
the great irony of the republican party is the decades they 've spent proselytizing on the benefits of pure free markets but now rejects the idea of free trade and supports a man who said he will bully and intimidate corporations into keeping their factories in the u.s. authoritarian government interference is what many republicans are supporting with such vehemence now .
is it any more ironic that the democratic party garners support both from coal miner unions but also environmentalists ?
there has always been an element of natalism in the republican party going back to pat buchanan .
trump is just capitalizing on the natalist and anti-market sector of the republican party .
that alone would make me so happy and allow my ranger to leave the teaq zone ...
hooray for abandoning responsibility neglecting consequences abdicating the throne and leaving your little sister to fend for herself after making terrible decisions !
for people still balking at 1,000 for florals it 's worth noting that this person has 35 tables .
so it would be much less if you have fewer guests .
this track is not at all similar to tuvan aisha or status excessu d. those i would qualify as the heart and soul of gaia .
as i mentioned this track is better than anything in the last couple of years but no where near the same level as his previous works
well it 's only logical that you should vote for candidate a because they 're the only real option .
candidate b is all about something involving business candidate c is against something involving business candidate d is offensive candidate e has no chance of winning and who in their right minds would vote for hillary ?
evey smiles and puts her arm around you pulling you close into a sidehug .
out of curiosity does that big chest ever drop anything useful excluding the one time per week sterling treasure ?
i was under assumption maybe some weapons or armor to help alts but i guess not ?
i fixed it but it has black spots in the middle .
it 's in the spot that i used the suction cup .
i now realize how much i needed that iphone toolkit on amazon that was on sale for 0.99 with 2 shipping .
i tried it out and noticed an fps drop of only 1 fps which is fine as my fps was way higher than what my screen could refresh at anyways .
it has nothing to do with many paraphilias only being diagnosable on men .
like men will get diagnosed with it when they show x signs while women with the same signs wo n't .
it 's actually even a consequence of patriarchy as women are n't seen as having sexual drive in the same way as men radfems should know this .
like the title says wip which mean work in progress ''
your submission has been automatically removed because it only has a title and little to no self text .
when submitting a self post you should expand a little bit on the title in order to get the discussion started .
for example when submitting a question you can expand on what motivated you to ask the question .
basically we ask from you to provide the things needed to start a good discussion .
if you need advice on a new bike you should ask in the new bike superthread https www.reddit.com/r subreddit about/sticky .
however we highly recommend you also look at the faq https www.reddit.com/r/motorcycles/wiki/faq wiki_what_is_a_good_starter_bike.3f as well .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/motorcycles if you have any questions or concerns .
not saying i believe either side but here 's more info from a more reputable source
it was just on the backburner for a long time .
cmon dude you ca n't honestly believe the placebo effect had some kind of effect on a boy who was completely deaf in one ear who was suddenly able to hear people many feet away .
this ca n't be explained any other way than the bible and the story of jesus is true .
no way to not sound elitist about this but ...
not a ton of interest would n't do for homeworld but is there something else you may be interested in for it ?
i have plenty of fun in dynamic queue but i only play a game or so a day in d2 for work related reasons .
i never really ever played more than 2-3 daily though .
i got glad in 3s in wow four consecutive times while i was in college and was blessed with an abundance of free time and a lot of the general ideas carry over so to provide context to what a lot of other people are saying those were my grinding '' days .
well unfortunately i wo n't be in la during my usa visit but i 'm in tulsa oklahom and it 's aa opening day !
not even sure who is on the roster yet .
it 's boxing in runescape 1v1 no items no prayer no food no spells .
eu ainda sou um pouco mais de boa já que eu sou a favor de liberar as drogas recreativas leves .
no mais nego deveria parar de cagar regra em cima do que os outros pensam .
my stance is that this would 've been a really good move possibly the best for her and cydney against two regular idols but really bad close to the worst against a super idol .
against two regular idols they flush at least one while still controlling the vote instead of them being the likely target .
against the super idol however this was pretty bad .
the super idol necessitates the 2x advantage and even then can be thwarted by using them as two regular idols instead .
the best move is probably to leverage julia by reminding her that the guys would never use the idol s on her and go for the 3-3-3 split .
it seems all over the place and not as unified .
looking through the artist 's other work it seems like most of the fall victim to the over-the-top flowy ribbons/smoke .
the artist has nice ideas do n't get me wrong but they are all a little over-done for the pokemon style .
they come off more as something that would be a mega-evolution .
most consecutive games in the mlb cal ripken jr .
i spent forever resetting all my toons yesterday never got a chance to try out combat in either space of ground .
i 've never been a big one for melee combat either .
yet this too is good question and consideration for those melee-lovers out there the ones that always make me smile and laugh in ground bzs !
i just read that my state ohio just vowed to make medical legal by this summer .
if she 's doing infiltration having camo built in '' is much more flexible and adaptable to different missions and as the mission changes .
think if she poses as an abduction victim in order to infiltrate a kidnapping/sex ring .
if she had a camo raincoat that could be taken from her .
when this happens to me i hit the xbox button a couple of times usually it resolves the problem .
i asked here before about it and got nothing .
if you 're talking about all us presidents i think jfk was here in 1958 when he was a senator .
milner has been simply awful so far misplace passes galore
i do n't feel targeted by it at all .
i 'm simply telling you people are more likely to listen to what you have to say if you do n't sound like a pissed off child .
from that guy to meta in a couple of clicks .
the meta in reddit is like the scandinavian metal in wikipedia .
no matter what you thought you were looking for you ca n't run from it .
i 'll let the mosquitos know they 're just starting to plan their strategy for this year !
yeah his struggles as he tried to come to grips with a death in the family and the experiences of police brutality while invading an army base for guns really resonated with me .
gta3 had a lot of potential for characterization but only seemed to use it mainly at the start very shallowly then became a full on game so saying 4 's character was more relatable is completely understandable .
also endo on your ovaries could block eggs from releasing .
my doctor also told me that it 's possible for the ovary to form scar tissue of its own to prevent endo from spreading on it .
and some people experience cysts with endo that could cause ovulation problems .
tribes is a good example of a game heavily utilizing jetpacks but the jetpack and skiing are separate mechanics .
i wish they 'd let on a bit more about the medical side of zombies a bit more so far all we know is that they have less blood they ca n't have sex with humans and their pulse is low .
who knows though such medical facts might become a plot point later on
well of course you did it 's poor man 's cocaine .
the downside is that you build up tolerance grind your teeth down raise your heart rate and withdrawal after long usage sucks .
it is n't expensive.. just do n't buy it illegally i pay 15 for 60 x 20mg a month .
10 shots on goal from both teams already in 26min !
the way people remember breaking bad is wrong in the first place if they think it would depict jimmy donning a new name like a superhero stepping into his alter ego and changing personality .
walter made up the name heisenberg '' totally on the fly and it was n't an enormous character change for him .
it then became his criminal alias but it was never like they were separate personas heisenberg was just walt by a different name .
i mean that was the entire point of the series .
walt definitely felt empowered by the pageantry of putting on his little porkpie hat and glasses and jacket but he is no more a different person for his costume than he is for the name he goes by .
here 's a typical call https docs.google.com/document/d/1jfnth3jqpue6gonontaj1xsch__h2fx-ldn3-su_c50/mobilebasic ? pli=1 but be sure to read your assigned script too !
i did almost all the ht missions for stug and proto with it .
i selected the harder blocked etc missions first and did them within a few battles 20 or so .
edit not a great ht player otherwise and am 1300 wn overall .
sevilla have yet to win a single away game .
and they 're in 7th place in la liga .
the biggoron 's sword is specifically designed to suit a playstyle like arin 's .
holy fuck i remember watching your uicideboy edit haha funny seeing you on here
i 'm annoyed she even feels the need to apologize for her husband .
when kids in brazil kick deflated balls with their bare feet they dream of one day showing the world what they can do against stoke on a cold rainy tuesday .
i feel like it could balance out just like poe does today .
yes some combinations do suck but combined with streaking as an incentive to ride it out it could work .
pro tip if you ca n't bring a kid .
people will give theirs to a kid who they see did n't get one .
yeah that does n't look like something that 'd actually even be fun for either person .
if not within the next six months then by wm 33 .
i wont say it was n't a long road for her and her hubby but they finally have a viable pregnancy !
14 weeks and everything is looking great so far !
just wanted to say best of luck with whatever road you decide to take !
as an adult with kids having the kids finally go to sleep at 8pm means you finally get some time free .
ah shit one of them woke up and i just got invaded in dark souls 3 .
i find it very sad that every person who 's performing at this benefit could use a benefit themselves .
this will be the direct opposite of a comedy show .
someone on this sub who lives in the area should take one for the team and go to this and post a blow-by-blow account .
i 've got an egg that matches your tsv !
i would really appreciate it if you could hatch it for me ! !
sorry but i did n't add you by now because my friendlist is always full
thank you very much in advance ... take care ! !
i thought about staying up to watch kobe 's finale and the warriors game but i did n't think it 'd be worth it for regular season games .
if you want to add an extra layer to the show listen to the first 10 minutes of the first episode with english descriptive text turned on .
i accidentally did that and thought bob saget reading the stage direction was a tongue-in-cheek way of them mocking how the show used to be .
for anyone coming to the comments cos they 're still having trouble it 's dr. seuss with a lisp .
firstly with your girlfriend do n't contact her at all .
delete her number block unfollow or delete her on facebook delete all your text messages and saved photos or things .
she 's chosen to cheat and is indifferent towards having you in her life ... . getting rid of things that will cause you to relive memories good or bad will hasten the healing process .
if you 're tempted to contact her just postpone it tell yourself i 'll wait 6 months before i do that .
in that time it should give your mind the space to refocus and create new neural connections that are n't breathing life into her memory and a dead relationship .
and you 'll probably realize you do n't want to see her again too .
the whole gym/tinder/hobby thing is stuff you probably wont want to do because they 're things you have n't tried do n't think you 're good at or seem uninteresting .
the key to this is to start with small goals and gain momentum .
i 'd look at things you already enjoy as well as things you do every day aka study/work chores exercise ... and just pick some easy ones .
i will run for 2 minutes after a 15 minute i walk '' or i will sign up for '' and gradually get them bigger .
the small sense of achievement will put you on an upward spiral .
the thing about breakups is you can either break apart or break open .
volunteer to tutor kids work at an animal shelter ... go to camps/exchange trips uni or school ... do fun runs ... try group fitness classes ... go learn to surf or ride a motor bike ... watch some travel videos and start a goal ... . eat a food you love but rarely have ... just go crazy !
my first thought regarding the kids was showing them the solar system .
i learned about it through books imagine that enthusiasm but walking through the solar system !
ppas are exactly the same security risk as a aur repo ...
also in the aur you can upload a package with a malicious package if you so desire
how do i see how much uec and rec i have ?
did anybody get the license plate of the monkey ?
sorry your submission was removed from r/music because your account is less than one day old .
we have to take these measures to combat spammers it 's nothing personal .
we 'd like you to get to know the place better before contributing so for now just sit back and enjoy the content posted here .
please read this entire reply as we 're trying to help you become successful on reddit .
first time redditors should be aware of reddit 's site-wide guidelines http www.reddit.com/wiki/reddiquette .
if you are planning to submit your own music site or channel in r/music you must read the guidelines for self-promotion on reddit http reddit.com/wiki/selfpromotion .
violating these rules will result in a site-wide shadowban that 's just the way reddit operates there 's nothing we can do about it .
new users should take the time to read the subreddit introduction r/music/wiki/introduction to learn what this place is all about and how we operate .
tomorrow you will be able to comment on threads but not submit posts to r/music .
keep in mind that if you do n't have anything positive or constructive to say in your comment it 's best to refrain from saying anything .
new users must maintain a minimum positive karma score to submit posts in r/music .
again this is nothing personal it 's something we have to do to avoid spammers clogging up our feed to the tune of hundreds of submissions each day .
we ca n't reveal what this score is but we can tell you that anyone who actively uses reddit and is a positive part of the community will have no problem earning their way past this limit quickly .
if you wish to promote in r/music without participating in the community you can buy cheap 5 30 sponsored links http www.reddit.com/advertising .
these will place your music at the top of the page for a couple of days without the need to earn upvotes so everyone will see them .
if you have any questions about reddit please read the reddit faq http www.reddit.com/wiki/faq .
if you are just starting out on your career as a musician r/music is not the place where you want to submit your works-in-progress or first musical creations .
this is the place for finished tracks and albums that are for sale .
there are many other active knowledgeable music communities made up of people like you who will provide feedback advice and technical tips on how to improve your sound .
reddit will even help you to find new band members and learn to play an instrument .
some of the most well known communities are listed below .
r/radioreddit a radio station of redditor-made music hungry for your tracks
the music makers multireddit u/evilnight/m/musicmakers contains 80 communities each dedicated to a different aspect of making music .
there is no better place on the entire internet to get advice and feedback on your own music .
use these resources because they will help you become a better musician .
as you participate in these communities you will quickly earn enough karma to submit your music in r/music and prove that you are an honest user making positive contributions .
we apologize for all of these hoops however there is no other way to protect this subreddit from spammers and users aiming to exploit it .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/music if you have any questions or concerns .
business intelligence analytics software companies top bi products and solutions best big-data visualization data discovery self services intelligent interactive dashboard analyst free demo open source etl tools amp reports business intelligence reporting tools top bi software solutions businesses inteligence developer what is businesses intelligent data mining consultant platform career architecture analytics technologies build a reports business intelligence best bi dashboard big-data self services inteligence build a reports etl reporting and scheduling data discovery tool architect enterprise online report designer cloud bi analytics amp widgets career jobs
peyton 's dilemma mr. good guys finish last ravi or sow your wild oats but get memory loss then save the girl blaine ?
ditch both take brandt out on that she promised him .
two lawyers should get along fine that sleazy behaviour is probably fake anyway .
murdering people because they 're black and wearing hoodies seems pretty accurate to me .
bravo ubisoft i did n't expect biting political commentary from you !
no but seriously when you write it out like that 's it 's almost a fucking joke this is ridiculous
honestly i 'd take korean fake-english over american fake-english .
the attempted cockney '' in the final release showed they did n't put much effort in voice casting as they put in everything else .
ok so following those stats on the ariyala site what would the next step be ?
or would it be a hard r assassin film ?
however in elite dangerous you can land on a planet and watch the local star set or a planet wander by .
you could even do some maths and find a system that is going to have a eclipse and watch that .
i guess you could also simulate this in universe sandbox too ?
then also dcs the flight sim that models the weather and daylight/sunset had a few nice experiences flying over the caucasus mountains in various jets .
these are perhaps a bit contrived for what you are after .
i do n't know of any experience '' that just just a sunset like theblu does with underwater .
but hopefully there will be nice some episodic like app that has difference scenes like the blu
we 're all just animals on this planet why do you think we 're different from other animals that we can not evolve differently ?
we evolved differently for thousands of years on different continents .
there 's a current theory that the white man developed more altruism and community in working together and had less to do with hunter gatherer due to the cold climate .
it does n't matter why it happened at this point what matters is that it happened .
ask black kids themselves they are drawn to drugs guns violence and women because it 's more fun '' to a lot of them .
listen to teachers that see the differences in their black and white students without giving them reason to fear for losing their job because they notice differences .
skim through any racial study and it will again and again scientifically note yes there 's differences between us '' .
we are very fine with knowing that we have physical differences skin eyes hair teeth muscles everything .
yet as soon as we go inside the human it becomes off limits and out of the zone of studying ?
if i had to be honest i 'd have to say yes sadly .
but to say there 's no difference between the races ?
quick what 's the average height of a chinese guy .
then what 's the average height of a guy from the netherlands .
so we can see physical differences and that 's ok .
but if we see mental differences that 's racist and not ok .
more violence will occur around blacks than anywhere else .
more in my own day to day life i see less true less empathy and less understanding of the world from them .
they show it in their daily actions all over the globe .
how many more times does white flight '' have to happen for people to understand .
you think whites just look around and say 'nope too many black people time to leave ' .
or do you think they see an increase in crime an increase in violence an increase in something they do not like in their communities .
because if they 're going to call your southern neighbours racist hicks you should at least experience their lives .
what do you do when black kids are more violent in school by a vast margin ?
st. louis schools there 's what an average of 4 assaults on teachers a day from black students ?
look at the population of st. louis compare that with a white community and you might not see 4 assaults in a year on teachers let alone a day .
please add it to your post and reply with 'done ' after you have done so .
i will automatically approve your post next time my server allows me to .
will none of the laser 's energy be converted to heat when it hits the probe ?
i just gave you an explanation why the aggresiveness of the hollows doesnt make them hard to beat .
i cant speak of the bosses but if u r having problems with normal mobs just get good .
dks2 had aftificial difficulty cuz some of the bosses were just double target bosses with same enemies .
they are slower than the bb enemies which is compensating for the lack of your character 's agileness
i think i fangirled pretty hard about both your names .
we talked about the game and the series a bit .
how a lot of people do n't get the reference and stuff like that .
i use them because my fingers would hurt when pressing on the little design on the edge of the thumbsticks of the ds4 when used for long hours .
you mean like how a gay couple is free to go to a different bakery ?
also i lowkey thought this was another anti wp post lol
your submission was removed because it looks like you 're posting music without a correct title .
does it have spaces around the dash and does it have the genre ?
forgetting these points are almost definitely why it was removed .
you will need to delete this post before submitting again click on delete above .
if you are not posting music please resubmit with the appropriate tag in the title
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/music if you have any questions or concerns .
oddly enough one of the arguments for uniforms in the uk is that it 'makes everyone look the same ' in terms of economics you do n't have the poor kids wearing x and the rich kids wearing y .
of course that 's bollocks because when i was at school supermarkets did n't sell uniform clothes and the only place you could get the 'right ' blazer sports kit etc was generally a single shop in town which was coincidentally fucking expensive .
would be funny though to see a huge dry valley with a single hotdog in the middle .
are you talking about the gateway courses required before being accepted into the computer science program ?
everyone needs to go through those or drop to an is degree .
i 'm sure it 's a lot easier to type that out than it is to actually say it .
for future reference i fixed it by copying my region and player files to a new world .
still lost my days but everything else was saved .
what could realistically be done to have of avoided that ?
at that speed missing a cat eye in the road when following a wheel through is going to be nearly impossible .
i guess going slower through the corner would have avoided it but hey this is crits .
the only thing i can think of is that the course should be altered such that it does n't push the riders over the line .
in the future i shall circlejerk with fellow children of this decade about those of later times not having been around before they were thus rendering them retaaarded ! ''
direct links to images are not allowed on r/cars .
please see the rules in the sidebar or by clicking here .
you are welcome to resubmit this as a text post http www.reddit.com/r/cars/submit ? selftext=true with a link to the picture and context .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cars if you have any questions or concerns .
this is not the shy 's original combo ... just your own version of it
recommendation is usually that votes are counted and the voting process is observed separately at each polling station
by the representatives of competing parties and votes are then re-counted separately at a central location . ''
this is trivial it is done in so many countries that there really are no good arguments against it it already works .
i read a comment on r/canada that stated something like these first nations should just assimilate into the trade economy already . ''
assimilate '' into the social relations that were forced and continue to be forced on them ...
i read a case that occurred in canada as recently as six years ago .
if you want to live on the land that has been set aside for you then do that and live in a self sustaining matter as you have for thousands of years .
move to where the possibility for a modern life exists .
we so graciously set aside this two-acre land for you after stealing the rest and violating treaties ! ''
what do you mean you ca n't live in a crumbling reservation ? ''
i can barely comment on the second bold part .
it 's okay if we leave them to rot in third world conditions they 'll learn to adapt !
the entire comment is very dismissive and impatient in its tone condescending and blames the victim for their plight .
not surprised that colonial garbage like this has 400 upvotes on that reddit .
it 's like the most reactionary people post there .
they want this in an area with no economic base .
they want practicality in a location that is unpractical .
it has no economic base '' because that reservation was purposely zoned far away from economic centers .
this person also forgets that people living on these reservations do n't have the means to move ?
yes i know this has a single player but its being marketed as a really multiplayer game .
wrongly as they are different games it is being pitched against overwatch .
im expecting a rapid drop in price to try and recover there losses .
there are just so many things going against this game even though it is fun and should be played by people .
it is going to be overlooked and has massive flop written all over it .
it 's funny when you take it too far and actually miss out on information given during loading screens though .
people may not agree with op or find op 's discussion points interesting but op 's been pretty polite and was n't trying to start anything .
this does n't make the sub seem very welcoming .
where i live we had a spring snow storm last week .
no salt down or plows at the time i was driving .
i had to get my dog at daycare rural and the side roads were barely touched .
first time the jeep was sliding around a bit .
went to the snow setting and bam very solid feel took over and it handle the road fantastic .
idk i have a 16 or 17-year old scar on my wrist from falling off my bike and onto a sharp gardening brick as a kid .
i also have scars on my knee from tripping over barb wire while running full speed .
it was at night cops were involved long story .
a lot of places in the world bathrooms and toilets are two separate rooms .
actually almost no european citizen need a visa to enter the us as a visitor if your country is a part of the visa waiver program .
i literally had to fill a form in the plane stating that i am not planning to kill the president or that i was n't a part of the nazi regime and that was all .
i can stay wherever i want in the us for 90 days without any visa .
you need a h1b visa if you have at least a bachelor degree or h2b otherwise there are more kind of visas specialized for different jobs .
i know the feeling i 've invited you again just now
i 'm american we definitely wear our wedding ring on the left hand .
some widowers keep wearing the ring after their spouse has passed .
still you will be leveling as an dps until 30-35 levels and real healer you will become only at the cap level 50 .
medics are short ranged healers they are the best on healing one person like tank and can heal '' shields and recharge them .
espers are long ranged a bit stationary healers with some rotatons because they need to gain psi points during the battle to spend them after they are more bursty '' healers .
spellslingers are casting many absorbs have some buffs and quiet mobile they can spellsurge casts to make them stronger .
therealdutch it took a roll up to pin me and keep me out of the ring to win the match .
therealdutch ksj i honestly tried to break it up but they kept me out .
hard to say since i 'm a classical musician i have a fairly diverse range .
i 'm really enjoying esther yoo 's recording with glazunov https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=dqcswmqae7w .
still listening to amon amarth 's surtur rising '' and deceiver of the gods '' during my skwaats/bench/dead sessions .
the kiss is n't casual-they 've not gotten to that point yet .
but it is peaceful and known and roland knows now what to expect as their lips gently touch .
he smiles as they kiss their world the only one that matters .
anime is better reading the manga first makes the whole thing dull when certain things happen .
i can also pm you a rom for one of the gba games if you want to try one .
these comments do not help and only derail the conversation .
i do count using the rehab mask it is a glitch after all .
maybe this is a dumb question but why does it say there are going to be 134 cards revealed but when you count all the boxes of cards to be revealed and the cards that are revealed you count 121 .
i tried streaming several games gta 5 bo3 payday 2 and rocket league to my old core 2 duo machine that has 4gb ram .
the stream capped at 50fps while games ran at 60 or more
bo3 payday and rocket league all had input lag and stuttered like crazy
gta 5 was semi playable but looked so bad at 50fps 30 or 60 was fine but still stuttered
i tried all the games at 720p and 1080p and changed graphical settings but stutter remained as well as 50fps limit
i 'm looking to set off on a roadtrip from washington d.c. to seattle .
for a partner i 'm looking for someone is laid-back flexible and most importantly outdoorsy .
i want to take advantage of our amazing national parks system we have here in the u.s. plus it 's the centennial for the national parks 100 years !
just a little bit about myself i 'm a 24 year old male who just finished working as a park ranger in new zealand and did a one month cycle trip from the south island in queenstown to auckland in the north island .
i like to cycle obv be outdoors try new things eat all the things and travel .
i do n't have any set start date or route for this trip i 'm open to all suggestions !
only thing is that i must be in seattle washington by june 10th for my upcoming job no exceptions !
if your interested i 'd definitely like to meet up with you beforehand to get to know each other and make sure we 're compatible with each other .
if your located in the d.c. metro area that 's awesome !
would consider picking up a companion up along the way to the west coast but definitely would prefer if we met in person first or.. skype ?
well i took today off work to try ds3 have n't played ds1 or 2 or bb .
the beginning well first off i 've been playing offline not by choice i drive truck so stable internet is not a thing i was able to kill the first boss in 4 attempts after just going ham on him while he transformed and it seems to work .
the middle i spent a good 6 hrs just farming the 1st area using the dragons fire to kill the mimic after it tricked me the first time even since i swing at any chest before i open them .
i farmed the lorathic knight gear to help boost def and farmed embers off the two undead that change ontop of roof and by the guy who drops the bow i also farmed the 20k for the key to the tower and died to the master katana guy alot after finally taking him down too .
the end this was probably the most intense as i was getting cocky and running around with 10k and at the end 17k souls .
i farmed the guys in the swamp and the ruins ignoring the crabs since they were too annoying to deal with and made it to the boss some wizard where i proceeded to die and lose my souls that i had built up ... and proceeded to curse the game even though it was my fault .
now my question is is that how the game is suppose to play ?
like an rpg of sorts farming the mobs for souls till you get up to where the bosses are n't too terribly difficult ?
i have n't read any guides or watched any content from other players i 'm just sure i 'm missing something and ca n't figure it out .
so i 'm curious if anyone had any tips or anything i would really appreciate the help .
currently i 'm using the katana the master drops it 's raw and 3 and i 'm using the fallen knight gear since it puts me at 69 weight so i can roll quickly it seems 70 i roll slower .
i got all my flask devoted to healing and i have 7 of them at 1 .
also f the dancer i ca n't kill her but want her armor
when we first started dating our schedules lined up enough that we could see each other nearly everyday .
he always used to ask me do i get to see you today ? ''
and i miss you can you come over ? ''
of course me being just as clingy as he was i did n't mind that at all !
i loved seeing him every second i could and i thought that he was the same .
then he got a promotion that required him to change his hours so we had to see each other less .
we ended up seeing each other only on his off days from work as well as a couple mornings here and there when he did n't mind waking up early to see me before he had to go to work .
we kept this routine for a couple months but he started to resent me for taking away '' his off days from work .
we eventually had a fight where he told me he needed space from me only for one day .
not gon na lie i was n't happy in the moment because i was already at this house when he told me this i had slept over and we had plans for the next day .
i was really sad and ended up crying but i still went home since that 's what he wanted .
during this fight he told me you do n't understand you get your days off from school sat .
but i have to spend my days off with you . ''
i told him that if it were up to me i would give up any and all of my off days just to see him .
after i went home though i thought it over and understood where he was coming from he was stressed out from work/life and needed sort of a mental break where he did n't need to interact with anyone including me .
but i still had a moment of realization that my boyfriend was n't the same as he was when we first started dating aka just as clingy as me which i loved since i was the same way but now someone who needed space to himself .
we had a discussion that set apart the time we would see each other for the next few months .
for the summer we actually will be 2 hours apart he lives close to my school that 's how we met so we decided that we 'd see each other ever two weeks for his two off days .
then once school starts again we decided that i would see him on one of his days off while he gets the other one to himself .
we also would n't see each other in the mornings anymore since he also said he did n't like waking up early to see me as much as he liked seeing me .
so in summary may-august two days every two weeks .
i asked him if we could at least skype/call on phone on the weeks we do n't see each other .
he said sure but the call ca n't exceed an hour .
but he also told me that he had the right to make the call not to see me .
for example if during the week we were supposed to see each other he is too stressed out from work then we wo n't hang out with each other .
i told him this is all fine with me since i understand it mostly came from me being too clingy .
but i still feel like it 's not really fair .
especially since when we first started dating he was just as clingy as me !
i understand that people change and i understand that people need space but is this too much ?
tl dr boyfriend wants me to be less clingy which i do n't mind at all but i feel like what he 's asking for is n't fair to me especially since this is a complete 180 on his part from when we started dating .
possible to get this so that the white triangle shards that are coming towards you go from nearly black at the center i.e .
what are the best antenna 's for a miniquad ?
hi i am working on mnk and would like to ask you guys
what is the go to mnk build right now ?
is it high skill speed or is it something all around ?
wouldnt a high skill speed build hurt me if i dont have a ninja on the party ?
if you prefere high skill speed how do you manage your tp ?
sorry if these questions seem noobish but i am honestly lost on mnk tech i found my ninja my main tech rather easily but no luck with mnk .
the deleted scenes show that kylo ren and troopers board the millennium falcon .
it would seem as a contingency plan that they would attempt to hide a tracking device on it .
vader did it to find the rebel base why would n't snoke or kylo do it to find luke ?
i could imagine first order cruisers dropping in on luke and rey forcing them to run straining the training and forcing rey to learn more hands on .
is there a way to set console and the mouse cursor modification onto launch options ?
pcpartpicker part list http pcpartpicker.com/p/ntptvn price breakdown by merchant http pcpartpicker.com/p/ntptvn/by_merchant
did one of these before bored at the moment .
it 'll pass the time on the journey to the live show .
been gone from baltimore for about 7 years so have n't been to camden yards in too long .
taking the wife later this summer but wanted y'all 's opinion on the best place/site to buy tickets .
i was of course excited to take it on it 's first ride .
i had no problem maneuvering it though i definitely have to get used to how light it is in comparison to what we learned on in class and had no issue clunking it into first gear when i left .
the upshift into second was smooth and wonderful and i loved it .
my issue is when i came home and went to downshift it into first while slowing it just would n't go .
the shifter would move downward but it 's like it would n't actually catch .
turned it off and tried rolling it a bit to get it to catch and still nothing .
i 'm not sure if something maybe came lose or i 'm just that much of a noob but i 'm naturally nervous it 's my new baby .
i do n't want to call harley quite yet in case it 's something simple but what should i look for ?
i cant get better screenshots right now cause i 'm mobile
but just wondering what max it is and around what price in keys in would be
anyone know the video clip where danny and arin talk about how funny it looks to fake jerking off by a door frame or when you can see only half the person ?
seeing hearing xmas boost is like hearing mariah carey all i want for chistmas in january it should never happen ! !
make it that if a person is not in combat they can teleport right away so if you 're aware and see white dots rushing you can teleport .
however if you 're in combat you get the 10 second timer .
this also allows if even if you 're hit by a barrager if you 're able to juke them w stairs/doors/etc .
for 3-4 seconds until you 're not being classified as in combat then you would be able to tele away .
if you make teleporting free there will probably be 0 good kills a day unless they are lures which is pretty shit .
just thought i would mention we have baby songbirds already dawning our doors .
a nest of dark-eyed junco babies was destroyed by a dog .
i 'm at the final boss i 'm assuming and found 1 on the bottom of an elevator ... ..i have so much to upgrade and they all need this damn slab .
my stems got nice and oily so i did the iso rinse method but it tastes pretty bad..
i am just about to have a bigger test this time with mixers
be sure to explain in detail with line breaks .
before i start this post i just wan na say i do n't want to stop being friends with this guy he 's awesome outside my house
so i have this friend who basically comes to my house every single day for the past year or so after school .
we 're both in high school i do n't mind him come over everyday cause we 're good friends but whenever he says you 're floor is fucking disgusting '' i feel disrespected .
only recently have i told him to shut up or go to his own house .
i try to do my best to clean up the house a bit and my parents own a donut shop and work full time so it 's just me by myself left to clean.but here we go again just today he tells me the same thing except that my carpet is really dirty and there 's no food at the house .
i honestly do n't know what to do i wan na tell him help me clean then but i know he wo n't
tl dr friend who visits my house everyday calls it dirty and does nothing but solve this without loosing my friend
i 'm a total f2p player and basically i play hearthstone for
3 quests to buy classic packs so i can get some legendaries .
i just got 2 of them which are total garbage for me baron geddon and nozdormu but i keep trying .
one friend of mine told me that i should play arena because it was more fun and with better rewards although the pack reward could be useless like tgt or worse gvg .
i do n't like to build decks from random pulls but hey let 's give it a try !
after facing 5 paladins is a row leaving me 3-2 i face a priest .
i thought hey this ca n't be worse than paladin right ?
there 's no way i 'm facing a perfect dragon priest hah ? ''
and that was the end of my second and last arena run .
so i just watched all of phil 's exit interview and i wrote something short about most of the questions asked .
enjoys the fact that the team likes each other but is not opposed to drama in some sense .
asked the leaders and coaches about their experience with the team and what needs to happen going forward .
only dude he 's said has an interview reasonable .
waiting until after the season to think about other guys .
that 's exactly what a gm/president should do because his focus should be 100 be on the current team for the entirety of the season even if it was over '' two weeks ago .
only people i probably know will be in the interview process .
i will reach out to make connections with some people ''
i do n't know what their relationship is but phil and jeff van gundy do n't have the greatest relationship in the world and jvg and thibs were on the knicks staff together for quite some time .
does this mean he wo n't call thibs no .
phil mentions that the coach and him have to be simpatico '' which is like they have to have the same sorta mindset .
4 media speculations have very little bearing with what phil is planning soooooo everything we read is bs .
essentially the team fell apart and continuity is n't that important until the team is consistently winning .
team still has no expectations on when it should be a unit '' .
this season that made sense cause we 're obviously missing parts .
our 2 guard is open for whatever the fuck and we have 4 pg 's fighting for the same role grant galloway wroten calderon .
we look at those dudes now and think we really need a new point guard '' but and i 'm not by any means saying we have a player of this caliber were the spurs saying we really need a new small forward '' when they were a year deep with kawahi leonard ?
he was n't that amazing his sophomore or junior year and has now turned into arguably the best player on the team .
i 'm not by any means cause i know people will take this out of context saying that grant or wroten or galloway are the going to become the best players on this team but there is a reasonable and arguable chance that one of them does become a successful starting point guard in this league and for our team .
remind you galloway had a better 3pt than steph curry for a solid 30 games or so this year .
could be one number could be double that depending on somethings afflalo out/dwill in vs afflalo out/dwill out .
i say it 's far more likely that afflalo and dwill/afflalo alone opts out than both opting in or dwill out and affllalo in if that makes sense .
therefore 8 mill should def be off the books cause aa is not coming back to ny .
6 phil and melo spoke in march and today and melo wants to be involved and is pumped about being in ny .
kp obviously has a good concept of what 's needed moving forward .
he did n't go into detail and i did n't watch kp 's interview or melo 's yet and i can post something about theirs if interest exists .
but judging by what phil said and the previous rumors that kp is going to hang out with hakeem this summer i think he 's on the right track .
consistency going through hard part and hanging together '' is the most difficult and important time of the season and what builds strenght for the team .
we blew it then we were in a solid spot and when the hard part happened the team dropped the ball most likely because of the whole derek fisher want 's to sleep with players girls thing .
the cringe level of that likely contributed to players feeling uncomfortable around him .
although i was still a bit confused leading up to the firing because we would be down by 20 at half and after half come back and make the game interesting and i usually put that on the coach for making that fire burn again .
i do n't know what derek did but it was something that pumped them up .
anyway that is the point in the season that makes or breaks success and we broke which is fine especially for a rebuilding team .
i do genuinely think the coach was the issue at this point and then i 'm going to selfishly blame the rest on afflalo because i thought he got grumpier as the season progressed .
t in the future brought here to build system .
i 'm going to say something that may not make sense in text but it does in my head .
he needs to open up to consider the benefits of other offenses .
it 's not that the t is broken or ca n't work but any coach in any sport in any era that is married to one single system and does n't learn from other coaches is being arrogant and single minded .
coaches neeeeeeeeeeeeed other coaches to teach them different ways to do the samething .
that 's how you become good at literally anything .
i 've been a swim coach for a while i know totally unrelated but i also study coaching and this is something i find extremely important .
i ca n't sit back and think that my way is the right way because there are thousands of coaches that have found success in their own ways .
i personally feel that yeah phil probably has a great foundation for a philosophy and system but bringing in thoughts and approaches from other coaches can only help his own development as a coach and his players developments as basketball players .
everyone benefits from witnessing another perspective because it helps you learn something in a different way .
immersion in triangle improved after kurt became head coach not wrong
need to make next step phil had some weird comment about if the abomb is n't powerful enough we need to use a different resource ? ? ?
i was a bit confused by this cause we 're pretty far from a bomb let alone abomb ... . we need talent but we do also need cohesion among the talent we have which i think he saw this season .
essentially there is more to be done and we do n't need the best players in the league on our roster to get those things done .
essentially we wo n't max someone and we 'll probably miss out on signing a non max dude we want .
we 'll end up adding depth again ... leaves us with melo and kp as 1/2 .
media making it hard to bring in fa 's !
i personally think players play differently with out him .
the coach needs to have the players realize that they can play that way when melo is on the floor .
that 's 100 mental that they do n't play to that ability when melo is in the game .
it 's not melo 's fault it 's just the way the team plays with/without him .
melo want 's to be here and communicate with the office .
player development '' sl trying to educate youth do n't have a lot of structure for those dudes and it 's important probably want to make some change galloway and lance put a lot of work in and played reallly well for a while .
steve said that grant needed more time he did n't deserve more time '' cause he was n't helping us win .
glad he got opportunity to play well at the end of the season and gained a lot of confidence .
could have been a little phil mind trickery he did n't look good '' could make grant push himself to prove phil wrong .
i 've worked harder because a less influential person said something like that about me .
cant imagine what it means to grant to hear that his uncles coach who has 11 championship rings just say he 's not good enough to help this team .
knows what to expect can have a full summer to prepare i 'm stoked if he gets better .
rolo had an awesome season this year and i hope he has a similar year and is more vocal in the locker room .
i think he can be a much more influential player on this team .
are you gon na be here the whole process ?
oh yeah few bricks in foundation would like stones but bricks are good ''
if he 's in ny aight i 'm on board .
if he goes to la okay lets do it .
cap space can get high line of cap space ?
afflalo and dwill determine what we do this summer .
team in the making so many people say they 'd really like to play with kp fuck yeah agents who 's players want to play with him not just bs .
do n't know many players in nba that do n't like to play in ny but how many like to play in ny every night goooood point .
it 's cool to play in the mecca 1-2 times a year but the media does n't make it all that fun for 41 .
tl dr all in all i thought this was a great meeting from phil that answered a lot of questions we have as a franchise .
i respect his understanding of players and coaches personalities and the fact that people have families .
he did n't target players for being negative and did n't consider anything being a done deal from rambis to afflalo .
he had a great meeting to lay the ground work for what is to happen in the next couple months and i think we all as a fan base need to let it play out .
same thing happens with melo in my eyes although judging by this and his own demeanor the past 6 months he 's not going anywhere .
kp is a bright future and i do think phil has one eye in the right direction of the franchise .
i hope he interviews outside of his comfort zone although i feel that he wont .
let 's enjoy the playoffs and the potential history that will be made in the sport of basketball and forget about how sad being a knicks fan can be .
there ' is a solid month of fun basketball starting this weekend .
let 's enjoy the sport for what it is .
first tine poster to this sub and like the title states i 'm a noob and i have a couple of questions about fl that google and here were n't able to help with .
i finally finished a track that i want to export from fl but every time i do there are patterns and sounds in the wav or mp3 that do n't sound as they do in fl .
they sound really watered down if that makes any sense or super quiet compared to the live project .
i know that this has been asked here before but i 've read every thread watched every video and read every website .
i 've tried just about solution '' to no avail .
just kinda hoping someone here might have a plan z that has n't been mentioned elsewhere .
my second question is about effects plugins that i have assigned to specific inserts on the mixer never save with my project .
the effects still appear in the mixer when i open fl back up but the specific settings for that plugin will be back to default .
pretty annoying when i got ta remember the exact settings to get the sounds i want every time i open the program .
and as the newbie that i am any tips and tricks about production you have i wan na hear !
i ca n't wait to git gud like you guys .
i 'm currently at work so i wo n't be able to dabble with every ones solutions till a bit later on .
i 'll only be able to work on it for a couple hours tonight but i 'll post an update when it 's fixed !
okay so we know there will be no more movies starring naruto and friends .
i think the perfect way to celebrate the end of the anime is to take the war episodes and put them together without filler .
this is just a dream but honestly would you not invest ?
i know a lot of people gave up on the anime that are die hard fans of the manga .
i truly believe if they connected the main stories episodes it would sell 10000x better than mixed with filler .
i think a box set would be appropriate since you know if you put it all on one continuous dvd the movie would be well over an hour .
i 'm thinking an appropriate start would be garras speech and it should end with the final episode of the anime .
i know this will never see the light of day but i was just curious to know if anybody else really thought about something like this .
i mean with filler out all we 'd really have left are the flashbacks ... .. well shit
or 113 if all chroma 2 or chroma 1 ! !
lem me preface this by saying that there are many covenants enjoying in jolly cooperation so far ...
but hot damn i 'm sick and tired of plumbros attacking me in the mound diggers ... can we not feel the same joy and equivalency of 'praising the sun ' when we 're trying to attack hosts here !
thanks goodness i reached the max covenant levek but holy moly ... .
i quietly adjusted my vest as i looked in the mirror .
you lookin ' good today brother '' i muttered as the tailor-made suit seemed to radiate the room today 's the day . ''
i took a deep breath as i grabbed my keys and left the apartment .
the driver was an older middle eastern fellow who looked joyous to see me .
hello my friend '' he smiled happy occasion today ? ''
yes sir '' i closed the door and settled in st. luke 's catholic church please . ''
he grinned as he started to move the cab .
i quietly nodded as i thought about my love .
we had been best friends throughout college and got into the same company after graduation .
she was the talent prodigy i was the guy who struggled to keep up .
but we spent countless afternoons with each other 's company endless evenings counting the stars from the grass .
i still remember the night where she looked at me both of us relaxing in my car and told me you 're sweet chris . ''
i decided to propose to her during her twenty-fifth birthday party .
she had reserved a floor in a local club downtown .
it was n't easy finding the timing as i continued to feel the ring in my pocket .
idiot why did you take it out of the box ?
do n't girls like it more when it 's in the box ?
the thought continued to swarm me her friends continued to swarm her .
an hour into the party i could n't stand it .
i walked over to her leaning on the bar and grabbed her wrist .
you need to come with me '' i whispered in her ear i got something for you . ''
oh '' she had seemed surprised as her friends eyed me .
they knew our relationship and seemed to support me as they immediately left .
i remained silent as i pulled her through the crowd .
i needed to find a more secluded location to ask her .
i gripped the ring in my pocket as we made our way to the back .
chris you have to tell me what 's going on . ''
she released herself from my grip are you drunk ? ''
i ... '' i could n't find the words as i continued to fiddle the ring in my pocket .
mustering my courage i opened my mouth to speak .
i paid the cab and gave an extra tip thanking him for the company .
i slowly walked up the steps to the cathedral as several of people i knew cheered at me .
one of them whistled you going to see her ? ''
yeah '' i gave a sheepish grin i ca n't believe today is the day huh ? ''
i thanked the people and walked through the entrance of the cathedral .
hugging the wall i made my way around to the back of the church where i knew she was getting ready .
through the crease of the door i saw several people are her as she sat beautifully in her wedding dress .
i fell in love with her all over again as i made my way to the room .
i gave a quiet knock as one of her friends answered the door .
my nod was enough as she in her beautifully stunning wedding dress stood up and came over to me .
she embraced me as i wrapped my arms around her .
beneath the beauty makeup and perfume i felt the warmth of the girl who had struggled with her homework .
the girl who was too competitive in the intramural leagues .
the girl i looked into the eyes of countless evenings .
i pulled away from her as i held her hands i ...
she blushed and tried to hide her embarrassment behind her veil .
her cheeks radiated as i gave her a gentle smile .
a tall man in a tuxedo came out from behind her as extended his arm .
he wore a big cheeky grin on his face and white gloves over his hands .
the three of us were inseparable as while he worked in a different company his branch collaborated with hers more than mine did .
as i let go of his hand i gave them both a quick nod .
it 's your big day '' i whispered giving off the best smile i could you should get ready . ''
angelo laughed i 'll see you after the ceremony okay buddy ? ''
he took her hand and as the two of them walked away he gave me another look .
do n't roast me too much during the speech ! ''
i stood alone as my memory went back to that night .
i tightened my grip around the ring in my pocket and opened my mouth .
i felt myself jump as angelo had found his way to us .
he seemed a little nervous as he walked up .
i stood quietly to the side as they greeted each other .
well i 've done a lot of thinking '' he reached into his pocket and it 's perfect that chris is here because it gives me the courage . ''
surprised she held out her hand as angelo took it .
he slowly slipped a ring onto one of her fingers as she gasped tears flowing from her eyes .
i could n't move as a steady stream flowed down her face .
she answered yes i will marry you angelo ! ''
angelo turned to me and gave me a sigh of relief .
chris i want you to be the best man . ''
angelo stood at the altar as she slowly walked down the aisle .
as i sat in my seat and listened to the ceremony i knew i did n't want to ruin her day .
she would be happy with him and i knew better than to change her mind .
as i walked up to the podium to deliver my speech a single tear dropped from my face .
i fell in love with her but she was happy .
i reached into my pocket the ring that i would never get to give her still cool in my palm .
ok so like everyone else i 'm devastated about the loss today so i may not be thinking entirely straight at the moment .
i 'll try my best not to completely overreact .
football is a such unpredictable and often heartbreaking game with any team being able to lose at any moment and with all clubs having good and bad stages .
we are still a fantastic side and tuchel is still a fantastic manager .
... being told stuff like chin up footballs cruel '' dortmund is still a top side '' or it 's a learning experience is just no consolation .
being 3-1 up at anfield more than half way through the game and losing the tie 5-4 is just plain embarrassing .
we are better than liverpool and have been all season but yet they definitely played better over both legs .
i love tuchel but i do n't understand some of his decisions in this tie especially given we basically threw the league away at the weekend .
i just feel that with dortmund there is one thing missing .
we have amazing classy fans a great squad but not that ruthless winning mentality .
bayern had similar problems earlier in the decade losing big games .
i do n't like him at all since he 's been at bayern but we ca n't deny that his critical always room for improvement attitude has contributed to bayern 's success .
i do n't expect us to reach that level but i do expect that with our quality we should not be settling for second place or having our best players leaving .
look at some of our bad results in big games over the past 3 years .
we 've lost a champions league final 2 german cup finals major league matches against bayern and now the loss today against liverpool .
obviously there have been good wins as well but on the whole i think what this team needs for all its quality is the sammer mentality or the ability of underdogs like simeone and atletico to grind out results against the best .
i do n't want to be unrealistic with our potential as what the club has achieved the past 8 years on a limited budget has been absolutely incredible .
but with this team right now what we do n't need is watzke making comments about how we ca n't catch bayern .
this defeatist attitude cute consolation statements and sunshine and roses wo n't win us trophies .
edit sorry if this sounds really harsh i 'm just so upset/angry right now
it was posted within the last two weeks as a comment to a main post on this subreddit but i do n't remember which post it was in .
this is my first time coming to coachella and i was wondering how the tent camping experience is ?
so got in last night around 1:30 am they messed up and gave us car camping instead pretty happy about that now .
they searched my car very lightly i was able to sneak in everything i wanted .
i know everybody 's sick of the old chestnut of renting vs buying but my situation is a bit different .
going to be moving to portland or soon and we have the option of renting or purchasing a house for all cash .
however we 're not sure how long we 'll be there be it 1 year or 10 years .
now usually the clear answer would be to rent but i feel like skipping a mortgage changes a lot about this answer .
house would be say 300k that we 'd pay right away .
let 's say closing costs on buying/selling house are 6 property tax is 3k/yr and utils are 3k/yr .
then after only the first year renting costs 24k and buying house costs the same 24k .
but if you factor in appreciation 5 in portland then the house is worth 315k by end of year so it 's like you really only spent 9k .
after year 2 with renting you 're 48k in the hole whereas with the house you 've spent 30k but the house has also potentially appreciated by 30k even if it does n't appreciate at all it seems like you 're still better off than renting .
so by that admittedly sketchy logic it seems like going the house route is pretty much always going to better in this case .
before anybody mentions it yes i know it 'd technically be better to not pay cash for the house and instead leverage and invest that money .
i really just prefer the peace of mind in not having a mortgage see here http www.mrmoneymustache.com/2012/02/24/pay-down-the-mortgage-or-invest-more-a-winwin-question
what 's going here that does n't involve drinking ?
heads up i got a bit rambly because i 'm sick and sick-brain .
we never clearly get a why but i think the evidence for part of that is fairly clear .
on the little girl in chicago he was clearly performing an extensive biopsy .
the many lobotomies also imply research events but in the case of the dude in california sorry i 'm so terrible with names he fucking possesses the guy !
if he could control his body it had to mean he was sharing '' but with no resistance .
but why waste someone in his cluster to take a single dude out ?
i think the research whispers has done has lead him to a way to not just force his sharing into a full-on possession event but to mold another sensate into essentially another cluster-member possibly even independent of the rest of whispers ' cluster .
all we really know about whispers ' original cluster so far is that jonas 's used to help it out .
they are n't the same one or jonas would n't have been able to evade him .
but from what the old iceland bitch said we know that the death of a member of a cluster is devastating and i think even a monster would have a hard time killing part of itself off that way .
so in summary i think things point toward mind control .
with the type of money whispers has gathered and the way he 's carried things out he 's been hunting sensates to take what he can from them and i think sell it .
for soldiers obedient citizens a weapon idk but i think that 's where this show is headed .
now that homestuck has ended even though it 's not complete '' without the epilogue we can move from theory-crafting to literary analysis to learn more about what themes and messages homestuck communicates .
basically the idea is to using only the text and art of the story no outside influences like authorial intent for example piece together a number of answers .
with that in mind homestuck is faaaaar too big to cover in one essay .
and frankly i ca n't think of all the potential options by myself .
i have a few in mind which i 'll list below but i think we could brainstorm some interesting avenues of academic exploration !
i 'll just go ahead and add to the list as we come up with things .
also feel free to suggest ideas that counter topics already suggested .
texts can be read many ways so there 's no reason we ca n't have some essay battles
before haruhito had realized what happened he was surrounded by darkness .
those around him were the same as him no one remembered anything other than their own names .
and when they emerged from the darkness the world that awaited them seemed like something out of a videogame .
in order to survive haruhito forms a party with the others learns fighting skills and as a soldier in the reserve force takes his first steps into the world of grimgal .
this the story of an adventure born from the ashes .
i 'm playing an offline franchise and was wondering if you can use experience points gained to level up your players if so how or if the experience points automatically go into the players stats .
and their part of the story is useless so far .
i ca n't stop feeling that the writers do n't know what to do with them anymore .
i know we want them to be happy but come on people they are the most boring part of this season .
i 'm gankifurhorny a fizz main on the oce server who has recently and finally climbed out of silver after 2 seasons of stagnating .
i have started a channel on youtube and am looking to get advice on games that i 'm posting up there majority of which will be fizz games mid jangle and some top .
i 'm looking to improve as much as possible before the end of the season and appreciate other more experienced eyes to define more of my mistakes .
at the moment i have no footage up there due to the inability to stream live too much lag but have set up obs to record games for future posting so will have stuff up there by tonight .
i 'm sorry if this is n't the place to post this sort of thing but i appreciate any advice on my games and especially so from fellow fizz main troll polers .
all this means is that you pick a neofriend both play today 's challenge make sure you decide if you both want to beat aaa 's score or abigail 's !
play the challenge get the score you want and then both send it off .
essentially you 're teaming up on either aaa or abigail with a friend .
today 's challenge is also easy so you can breathe a sigh of relief !
you either have to beat abigail 's score of 60 or aaa 's score of 380 .
the only real tip i have for this game is that you can type 'quaglor ' to skip a level .
you get no points for skipping a level but you 'll retain the points you 've already got .
so if you find a level that is just crushing you keep that in mind !
the jellyneo guide is very useful but it 's a lot to get through .
i highly recommend the youtube video guide so you can see where to go but the speed is very fast !
my recommendation is to change the speed setting to 0.5 or 0.25 if you need it and pause as you need to .
if you have any questions feel free to ask them here i 'll do my best to find the answer if i do n't already know it !
i was just having breakfast and i left the table unattended for a second .
my cat jumped onto it and ate two pills of the eight i take along the day for my diet .
in those two pills there was 1.2 g of colagen and 60mg of magnesium in total .
the veterinary is not answering my calls so i would like to know if these chemicals are toxic to my cat .
i do n't think we should be alienating a chunk of our community from potential content for no reason .
was just wondering if this is possible without email sold my phone and obivously my new auth dosnt have my old account details .
i have the email but im locked on it for 24 hours since ive moved locations and it counted it as suspicous .
was just curisos if i can disable it by phone or anything like that thanks
the bayo is a cheap special ch named the map to skywalker .
both sides have tons of blue with gold so it 's double blazed .
was pc'ed at 5-8k 63-65 above market and 120 sa 67k by a ch specialist .
b/o 61k this is a very fair price for the quality of the pattern .
i mean my ewoks are only level 50 and gear 6 but i did the tier 2 fine yesterday but now im getting wrecked to hell and back .
on the vader stage they are getting non stop turns and just killing me .
index 112 cs go zone consideres it to be tier 2
so a friend of mine asked me to fix his laptop toshiba tecra s5 .
it did n't post anything on the monitor so i opened it up and found the lvds cable all messed up .
when i tried connecting it to an external monitor the colors were all weird but just in normal mode .
when i used safe mode the colors were just ok. what could this be ?
open for negotiations but i 'm interested in pure keys only .
tradelink or add me to discuss https steamcommunity.com/tradeoffer/new ? partner=36214438 token=itqiztik
i used to think of myself as pretty decent at the game .
i could flawlessly take down any first and second-floor boss using only my starter pistol if i had to and was only getting better with time .
each run went farther with more shells and less hits and it was only a matter of time before i would kill my past .
over the past dozen runs or so i 've noticed that where i once excelled i am now tripping at the hurdles left and right .
i 'm taking hits where i used to dodge like the matrix incarnate .
i finish bosses with half my health chewed off and notice i had n't so much as touched my blanks .
i try to outrun bullets until i find myself backed into corners and taking potshots to the face enemies having closed in on my cover inside rooms i once knew i could solidly ace in my sleep .
more than anything i 've fallen into the habit of trying to walk around bullets instead of dodging through them as i had done so many times in the past to great success even !
but now i try to dodge just to land on a stray bullet when i hit the floor .
to my horror i seem to systematically be getting worse at enter the gungeon .
the great bullet has cursed my pride and arrogance with a bullet-shapped bootprint scar on my backside glowing red hot with the raging ferocity of kaliber herself .
in attempts to remedy this i 've put challenges to myself using less cover and purposely dodging enemy shots instead spending precious seconds weaving a wide berth around the onslaught .
but it could be better we can always do better lest we pigeonhole ourselves into bad habits that spell out certain death on later floors and harder bosses .
i do n't want to see this happen to anyone else so i 'm seeking out what tips and tricks anyone else has to share .
what habits do you set for yourself to hone your skills or find yourself doing to particularly great effect ?
have a gobal uplay code pc for tom clancy 's the division at low price.interested please contact me.would accept paypal paytm cash
any ideas on a replacement for the butcher 's knife ?
i 'm building str 40 fth 30 but sadly you ca n't buff the butcher 's knife so while it 's amazing i ca n't really make full use of my build with it .
i vaguely understand the why but i was wondering if anyone has examples for the how to part .
lately some of my automatrons keep reverting back to their base builds the protectron without armour for no apparent reason and the mods equipped on them are also missing from the workshop .
first of all i would like to state that i have much respect for the devs and i am glad that they are trying things out considering that is what early access is for .
i will admit that right now i am a bit salty .
regardless i genuinely want to know how the game is in a good state right now because atm i am thinking the opposite .
i have been hearing a lot of people say that it is in a good place right now .
imo it is absolutely not in a good place .
i have put about 4 hours into this patch trying to figure out why i can hardly kill anyone even with a baseball bat and try and learn this new janky combat .
i ca n't do it anymore i ca n't put myself through this .
i love this game and i was fairly decent at it in previous patches but i just do not get the fucking combat in this patch .
please can someone explain to me how this combat is good/how do i play with this combat because i 'm really not getting it and it 's driving me bonkers .
it seems like everything i would do in the past melee combat wise is complete null void .
i am going to be making a power fac for map 26 kohi just apply with your own format must have a decent mic and cant be a 12 year old shitter ... . good luck lads !
i 'm working on a fantasy novel trilogy and have already submitted a similar post on r/fantasywriters .
what i need is a wider base of advice so any and all comments help .
lists of mistakes and how to correct them are largely welcomed
the game will last for 20 rounds no more no less .
the team with the biggest territory at the end of the game wins .
each tile a freelancer moves over with colours it their teams colour .
each coloured tile represents a 3x3 square around that tile as their teams territory .
you can capture enemy tiles by walking over them .
you can also gain territory by killing your opponents .
a kill on an enemy will colour a 3x3 grid underneath them with your teams colour .
at first thought this game mode looks like it will just be a relay race circling the map .
here are some ideas on how to promote fighting and prevent this game mode becoming sprinting simulator 2016 .
a 'sniper tower ' infront of each spawn location half cover on 3 sides full cover in the 4 space corridor leading to it .
this advantageous position for a single freelancer would be already coloured in your teams colour/neutral at the beginning and unable to be captured by the enemy .
this would create a tradeoff between having a freelancer in a very well defended and beneficial position but unable to walk over any tiles to colour them and gain territory .
non symetrical map with a pre coloured 9x9 of each team on one side .
this creates a pseudo objective and makes the team make a decision on whether to contest the enemies tiles and protect their own however on a much less favourable side of the map or to attempt to capture the other side of the map which will be much more open but concede these tiles to the enemy .
haste globe spawns in contentions locations or vunerable positions .
dashes would likely only colour a tile at their dash location not the whole dash path to prevent some freelancers from being completely broken .
would love to hear any ideas you may have .
tl dr walk over tiles to colour them your team 's colour kill enemies to colour tiles most coloured tiles after 20 rounds win .
i have been thinking about how much of a difference color correction has made for me and i began to wonder what other makeup artist techniques i 'm missing out on .
what makeup artist techniques have changed your routine for the better ?
can someone please tell me if holding the crouch button mid-air is faster or the same speed as pressing it once ?
i have a surface 2 and i cant seem to play mp4 's i need it for my college presentation so i need help .
just got awoken artemis and i 'm looking for some friends !
i 've been doing a lot of thinking about my vagina lately .
i 've always felt like i have a great grasp on female anatomy and where everything is but i 've never really taken the time to look at it thoroughly .
so i decided to do that the other night .
anyway i know where my clitoris should be but it seems like there 's a hole there .
what i mean is this where my labia menora meet there 's a thing that resembles a clitoral hood but whenever i try to peel it back '' it does n't work it seems like it 's just a hole-type thing that bulges out sorry about the crappy description .
i guess the best way to explain it is i know it should look like a little nub but there 's sort of a slit down the nub that resembles a hole .
what 's more is that it seems like there 's a white smegma-like secretion coming out of this hole . ''
i was fishing around last night which was probably very stupid !
and i removed some of this shtuff and now my clitoris area is very sensitive and hurts if i touch it or if i simply sit or stand up !
i know it 's not my urethra because i have successfully located that as well as my vagina .
there appear to be four holes total clitoris thingy urethra vagina anus .
thanks for reading all this and thanks for any ideas !
does anybody know how long it takes for them to process applications for the science programs ?
i applied in february and its still ready for review ''
the monitor emitted a loud ominous beep that lasted way too long .
his eyes did n't stop glancing between the doctors though .
i have a question requiring course requirements for medical school specifically physics and ap credits .
my school has given me credit for physics i ii based on ap exam scores i understand that med schools generally dislike ap credits and prefer you to retake the course .
in addition i really want to minor in chemistry which would include me taking a year-long sequence in physical chemistry i ii .
this course is offered by the chemistry department but it given that its pre-reqs include one year of calc-based physics one year of chemistry and one year of calc do you think that most schools would accept the course as fulfilling their physics requirement ?
follow-up question if not then would one semester of physics iii fulfill the requirement by showing that i probably have a pretty good grasp of physics i and ii ?
or would it need to be one full year of courses from the physics department taken in college e.g .
i would n't really have a problem with taking these courses since they 're some of my favorite subjects i 'm just worried about finishing all my course requirements on time while doing the chem minor .
looking for a group of people preferably experienced to make a late night run with on apoc .
just died on day 27 and figured i might want to go with a group this time .
my roblox name is insidiousgladius send me a friend request if you want in .
how much content will be released for this game ?
how long are they planning on making this content last ?
are there plans for more than five characters added on ?
cutclean when mining an ore that normally needs to be smelted an ingot of the respective block will be dropped instead .
upon the death of an animal the cooked variants of it 's drops are dropped instead .
so this may just me being overly paranoid but i am constantly looking for ways to hide bud .
get a pack of cigarettes and take a few out .
roll the cigarettes with the filter facing up to get the tobacco out but be sure to leave a little bit at the bottom .
then stuff some ground bud down there in place of the tobacco finishing off with some more tobacco at the top .
you can always take that bit out if you really want to .
now you have what looks just like a cigarette .
the final step is to rip the filter off before you smoke it because you do n't want to filter out that sweet canabanoid goodness .
i 'm planting a honeycrisp and santa rosa plum and from what i understand the plum will self pollinate but the apples need to be cross pollinated .
i have two crabapple trees but i 'm not sure of the variety .
i have room for a few other trees and i 'd like to know if you think i need to worry about pollination .
guys go to a heavy pvp area you know and use the dried finger .
do not summon help just equip the ring for the way of blue to be able to help you .
you 'll get invades by at least 2 reds in a very short span of time .
but there are so many blues that you 'll have a blue buddy for sure .
it can turn into madness pretty easy with the pupals messing around tho but it 's pretty fun .
we setup a trade based on his unicorn hunt post and today his side arrived .
i love when trades come with more than just cigars sort of like a monthly theme trade but without the stress .
vincent was nice enough to include some herbs spices and vanilla sugar along with a selection of cigars .
cao de ave maria surogates la aurora quite the selection .
ca n't wait to break into all of this goodness !
looking at pac files as an option for our fleet to make our mobile user experience more seamless when working away from the office currently using proxy exceptions via gpp ...
question has been raised in the event that a proxy is up but not able to resolve web-requests will pac use the next proxy in fo order or will the request simply stop dead-in-it's-tracks ?
my thinking was that the fo order would probably only cater for situations where a machine 's first proxy outright could n't allow connections on it 's listening port but not situations where it 's up but malfunctioning .
if anyone has any insights/experience i 'd be greatly appreciative
support only but i would n't mind also getting a little tough love if necessary because i want advice so very much .
i just wanted help to get well and have a professional caring setting not to be insulted .
a few weeks ago i started feeling really sick .
i started having shortness of breath feeling tired all the time getting attacks of the chills and having bad pain in my legs .
at first i was not alarmed because i have hypothyroidism and with the exception of the leg pain it 's normal to have these symptoms .
but the intensity grew worse than ever to the point where i felt tired the whole day and slept the majority of the day never having any energy .
i had an attack of the chills that lasted three hours where i could not get warm and when i woke up yesterday was gasping .
my husband thought i was going to die because of the way i was struggling to breathe when i woke up .
we went to our doctor and described all the symptoms and he said go to the hospital because i might have dvt .
after many tests i was told that i have a blood clot in my left leg .
thankfully it did not travel to the lungs and is being treated with medication .
the blood thinners will break it up so i will feel better .
i 've been having different doctors and wish i never came to this hospital because i have been nothing but polite and curtious and was insulted beyond measure today .
with the doctor who came in and said you have very big breasts .
you need to have breast reduction surgery because they are too big and that is what is causing your shortness of breath .
first of all he does not even know what breast size i am but secondly he does not know that i have hypothyroidism which causes shortness of breath .
i was shocked that this doctor said something so insulting about me when i was nothing but polite and curtious to him and he knows so little about me .
he probably did not even read my whole chart or else he would know that i have hypothyroidism and an iron dediciency which could cause shortness of breath .
i cant help what i was born with and should not have to go through surgery to change because there are doctors that are childish and immature .
i treat you with curtesy and respect and just wish to be treated with the same in return .
i 'm so offended by that doctor that was staring at my chest that i am tempted to sign myself out but it 's dangerous .
i could die if i miss a round of that blood thinning medicine .
sorry for the long rant i just wanted to get well and not to be disrespected while healing .
thank you in advance for any and all advice .
i just really feel like leaving this lousy hospital now .
i mean they brag about having 4 different games on 4 diff channels .
but instead of showing the pre game atmosphere to actually get u into a game and set the mood .
they decided to show the same game that is already on cbc that 's widely available to anyone and everything in this country on sportsnet until puck drop .
way to kill the hype train i had for the return of the rat !
yesterday i summoned two phantoms and was invaded 5 times got ta love anor londo but every single time the phantom just stood perfectly still .
they still moved around and if they blocked i could see their shield quake in their perfectly relaxed arm but there were no animations for the character model .
i suspect i was doing the same for them as the invaders i fought yesterday seemed pathetically bad at pvp especially considering this handicap i had .
usually the losses were a greatsword user just bringing down the hammer like mad when i got close but other times i got in and just jabbed a million holes in their rigid form with my rapier .
it was n't bad actually but it was the opposite of immersive .
the moment you press continue '' after a match comes to an end a loading screen appears .
said loading screen lasts up to like 3-4 minutes or so it used to be near instant .
he put us on the path to money of a superior quality but it must be an international phenomenon that arises over time not bitcoin per se .
hi guys looking to find one at a good price .
i am in las vegas if you 're local too .
have you read the sidebar and rules http www.reddit.com/r/buildapc/wiki/rules ?
if gaming what kind of performance are you looking for ?
our tv is hd but graphics are n't hugely important to me .
would be looking for 60 fps on older/less intensive games at high e.g insurgency battlefield 3 kerbal space program as well as good 30 fps performance on medium settings for more intensive and newer games like fallout 4 and the division and especially want good performance for the upcoming hearts of iron 4
i would be willing to lower my graphics requirements even further if there is a significant saving possible .
as low as possible sub-£300 would be very nice £400 absolute max broke student hooray !
post a draft of your potential build here specific parts please .
http www.reddit.com/r/buildapc/wiki/pcpp do n't ask to be spoonfed a build read the rules !
pcpartpicker part list http uk.pcpartpicker.com/p/dtyj8d price breakdown by merchant http uk.pcpartpicker.com/p/dtyj8d/by_merchant
motherboard gigabyte ga-b150m-d3h ddr3 micro atx lga1151 motherboard http uk.pcpartpicker.com/part/gigabyte-motherboard-gab150md3hddr3 £64.10 more computers
it would also be nice to have a mini atx form factor specifically for the thermaltake core v1 mini itx cube case http www.amazon.co.uk/dp/b00mjsv9y2 ? tag=pcp0f-21 but that is n't crucial if it becomes too expensive .
this will be my first build but i 'm fairly skilled with using computers so do n't anticipate any major difficulties building .
i will be using the pc as a games console it will be sitting in the living room attached to an lcd tv and often using xbox 360 controllers .
i was also planning on using it as an emulator as a nintendo wii other old consoles can you forsee any challenges with that ?
i would also like to have the option for expansion/improvement in the future .
i 'm going to start working soon and i 'm interested to hear about people 's experiences with the exam process while working .
i 've always found it to be overwhelming to balance extracurricular clubs sports major classes and minor classes with exams .
i 've had two internships and have a job lined up .
passed exams and know how i like to study .
i was just interested about the overall vibe people felt mainly looking for opinions and thoughts purely out of curiosity .
where are all my back the brown supporters ? ! ?
i 'll be doing an ama today beginning at 10:00 edt 11:00 cdt 9:00 pdt but you knew how to adjust those times yourself .
if you get an dll error while trying to run dashboard from the steam folder or from the controller you might have the same problem i had .
since i am a game dev i have sdl2.dll in my syswow64 folder and while trying to launch the dashboard steamvr launched my sdl2.dll instead .
by removing my sdl2.dll from the syswow folder the dashboard worked instantly
just curious is there a way to move coops/silos etc once i clear some more trees i 'm currently in winter in year 1
i really want to have good skin but it seems impossible considering there are no good products in the indian market !
so can someone help me and post some cleansers moisturisers and sunscreens which actually contain good ingredients and actually work which are available in india ?
i think the bond that the original hundred share was perfectly shown to us last night when monty chose octavia 's life over his own mother 's life .
sure momty was the worst and sure she was being controlled by alie but dude does that show how much those 100 care for each other .
my group at csc is hiring a sr. technical writer to join our office in nw austin .
you 'd be working with madcap flare and writing for pdf/help documenting our cloud management platform .
there 's currently 4 other tech writers myself included .
most of the office came to csc by way of an acquisition so we 're a fair bit different than the rest of csc if you 've had cause to deal with them .
not the hiring manager but i might be able to answer any questions .
i have no interest in watching the whole show because i ca n't stand all the drama they throw into it but i do want to see their parts .
so i was able to change my zoom toggle in js using the general zoomtoggle=1 perfect .
but now i ca n't do it in kotk and its making it impossible to play .
for some reason i ca n't hold to ads its very buggy and its just one announce i have w this game that was easily fixed in js but not in kotk so if anyone has any idea how to toggle ads in kotk i 'd be happy to here it !
text after you cast a spell freeze a random enemy .
i think it might just be the only exotic primary to not have barrel mods .
i think black spindle had scopes for a while before they gave it barrels .
is there a sword that acts like a talisman in ds3 ?
i know that a sword/catalyst is a thing but what about miracles ?
when you pick up tickets do you just have to show them your buckid or do they scan it ?
need some new people to play with picked the game back up since some days but i 'm very familiar with it .
i almost destroyed it by playing so much when i still was on ps3 .
i like loud but i like to try some missions stealth aswell instead of doing everything loud on all the different party 's you always join .
send me a message on psn it 's jsoet91 and tell me that it 's about payday .
just like last season https www.reddit.com/r/soccerspirits/comments/427g26/mono_dark_getting_into_galaxy_with_ravian_as i recorded my journey from bronze to galaxy league .
this time with basically all off-screen '' tournament results and a more fitting final match to get into the 2600 range .
mono dark pvp w ravian gunning for galaxy once more no .
mono dark pvp w ravian gunning for galaxy once more no .
mono dark pvp w ravian gunning for galaxy once more no .
mono dark pvp w ravian gunning for galaxy once more no .
mono dark pvp w ravian gunning for galaxy once more no .
mono dark pvp w ravian gunning for galaxy once more no .
mono dark pvp w ravian gunning for galaxy once more no .
mono dark pvp w ravian gunning for galaxy once more no .
mono dark pvp w ravian gunning for galaxy once more no .
mono dark pvp w ravian gunning for galaxy once more no .
mono dark pvp w ravian gunning for galaxy once more final https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=wgkdmd762ek
since i had a bit of time until the reset i 'll upload some galaxy pvp vids in the coming weeks .
if you think these kinda seasonal pvp threads are too much sellout i do n't monetize my videos though i 'll keep my sharing to the weekend pvp fight club thread .
i 'm only a minute in and hating the dialogue already .
i know it 's your first election but come on .
the straw man bernie sanders supporter that you made up in your mind ?
idk simple plan doing o ' canada was pretty awesome !
well if i 'm the invader i should n't be upset with anything i get myself into .
i 'm ruining someone else 's game if they have backup so be it .
i believe with ds3 they 've tied the soul levels together much more making it so you 'll get an even fight .
there 's no way to measure and sequester the skill though .
a sl1 bro is likely a very skilled player and could wreck a guy at sl80 because he levelled up every chance he got .
if you laught about it irl it sometimes goes away because people stop bothering you about it cause they know it doesnt bother you .
in jw 's case it never ends and it stings just a little bit every time .
all you can do is just take it but its never painless .
i would also ask for her input on where she feels you are neglecting things b/c of games .
it 's beyond my knowledge to give a correct description of how .
i assume use of capacitors to store and release the charge quickly .
an electrical engineer may chime in or there may be a post already about it .
it happened to me yesterday that a dying enemy left the gearbit in the spot abyss it fell into .
the gearbit graphic was placed on the solid ground however my character was only able to pick up the gearbit when it was near the place where the enemy had fallen .
the game director has repeated before it was realesed it 's a real beta and not glorified demo
i 'm only knida watching as i 'm also making dinner but caught both goals .
because a history littered with racism war sexism poverty and corruption is much much better .
the donald is n't effected by brigading the donald is effected by being a toxic cesspool of xenophobic manbabies who would be otherwise indistinguishable from 12 year olds who just learned their first swear on xbox live .
and you 're right if a two week campaign for genocide is n't enough to get a sub removed for harassment and inciting violence then it 's here to stay .
that is the fucking stupidest thing i have heard this week .
over the next ten years we are not going to abandon money .
what you are talking about involves revolution famine wars extreme poverty and then a cultural awakening which frankly i do not believe in humanity enough to accept as possible .
she 's also a nudist and gms for my tabletop gaming group
yeah i read the post and that 's all i got from it he wants to get smashed and have a good time on the polo fields nothing more .
if coachellas big thing was always having surprise guests they would n't even announce a lineup just get everyone buy tickets and find out who 's playing the day of .
i 'm trying to decide on a new video card and i think a radeon r9 is the best option for me .
however i 'm not sure if the 390 8gb is worth 300 when the 380 4gb is only 200 .
i would n't play games at over 1080p anyway so would the 390 offer significantly higher fps ?
do n't lie you guys do n't like mexicans and that 's okay .
it just lets the rest of us know not to like you .
so how do you get from a to b when there is no sidewalk and only one road ?
probably wo n't ever happen again although what might is a decrease in bezel size on the mbp allowing for a screen size increase from 13 '' to 14 '' on the smaller and 15 '' to 16 '' on the larger .
this would follow the trend of the 12 '' rmb having the same footprint as the 11 '' mba .
that literally anything of any importance will actually be explained .
and then i cringe and endlessly replay in my mind how stupid i must sound to my colleagues .
and then i tell myself that i 'm just imagining my awkwardness and i am suave af until the next working day comes and i go through the whole cycle again .
with a 32 bit os you are fucked there is a max of 4 gb of ram usable in a 32 bit os .
people who plan their suicides via gunshots to the head sometimes take large amounts of blood thinners to guarantee that if the bullet does n't kill them the blood loss will .
i was in the last weekend test and bought the game after havent been invited to anything else so far .
syfy really picked up their production value with this one .
i love that people say this when meanwhile sanders wins by huge margins from 17-45 but nice to know 45 12 lol
maybe hillarys campaign should teach some computer classes while shes raiding old folks homes for absentee signatures
question from uk when attempting to sign up for some ny calling there is a mandatory box for home state .
and seriously he sounds like an ndad to me .
gold 1 support main looking to branch into top as well .
i appreciate whatever feedback you have for me thanks for doing this !
my first reaction to it was that it felt like you were implying that the op does n't belong on this sub it felt unwelcoming is all
well almost all pandaren in lore are monks so that 's one big problem .
i guess some of the shado-pan could be used as rogues though .
like dude you can take any med you want live it up !
well steph is already in god mode and if seth 's last month was any indication those games were the flashes of yellow you see before someone goes super saiyan .
if they were on the level of the gasols in 2 years i would n't be surprised .
however if you can buy a main item then get that instead .
are you playing a slow tank champion like amumu ?
this is the one i 'm the most iffy about though .
distortion on champions like annie who need their summoners a decent bit can also be bought midgame .
furor is n't as important in my opinion but it 's the best adc enchantment .
captain is the worst n my opinion i would get it after full build on support .
we ended up meeting up outside class a few times to study .
though 175 might be pushing it he was 168 without a cut recently and he was bulked up .
heyyyy guys what 've you read this week ? ?
i 've been slacking on my reading but i 'm still on track with my 52 books 52 weeks challenge fortunately .
i technically just finished 3 books because i finished the wool trilogy by hugh howey which was enjoyable but also terrible .
he created such an amazingly interesting world that i 'm 100 gon na read the next 6 books they 're novellas technically but he writes such terribly boring characters that i 'm not sure i 'll enjoy them that much ...
lebron is shooting 58 overall so he is clearly the better scorer and lebron is a hair more efficient distributor
marco rubio was throwing around his catholicism and it did n't really help him with catholics as far as i can tell .
so why does bernie think a superficial trip to the vatican will count for more than that ?
especially when rubio lines up with conservative catholic social values more than bernie ?
this trip will be about as effective as the killer mike thing was for the black vote .
i 'm sure you could get fired over having what appeared to be an inappropriate relationship with an underage girl though .
nah he 'll apply for the creation of his own expansion team.. the miami lebrons of ohio
i 've been thinking about this and how it relates to other industries .
why do gamers think they know how long it takes to do x without ever being in the industry ?
i do n't see now that does n't mean it does n't happen people go well i want to see this in this upcoming movie so just do it since its so easy the same way people do with games .
randozos have had 8 matches and i do n't think they have come close to winning even one of them .
i think 3/5 of their team are really good players but i just assume they have trouble with synergy .
pc games and gaming been huge for me for the past few years .
it is everything i enjoy wrapped up in one bundle .
my first pc build just absolutely amazed me and i fidget at the chance to build more .
it 's driving me to reach a degree in computer science .
it 's a coach 's job to see what is happening to a hitter whether it is mental or physical and help them to overcome that .
the fact that this is happening to 2/3rds of our batters is while maybe not 100 on bruno definitely partly his fault and if he ca n't figure out how to fix it and fast he 's got to get on that greyhound and we 've got to find someone who can .
you could probably get it online nowadays from some kind of online vendor .
perchance one using a bidding system with which you purchase your good electronically ...
ah i did n't know the scaling went up with upgrading .
yes it 's the final project of ece 327 ... but you do it in vhdl which is a 100 hours of pain .
ah i did n't know the scaling went up with upgrading .
200m capes have been talked about but need more people with 200ms for them to be worthwhile developing .
it 's great that it 's helping you considering nothing else helped !
mile high wine spirits and grapevine liquors have walk-in coolers of bombers
its ok we all do that 15 mins of planning and it always goes down the toilet because scumbag finger goes fuck it half way through the puzzle and decides to do its own song and dance .
i 'm pointing out their flawed statistical model for this case .
nielson does know who is actively watching a program because they send out set-top boxes and then extrapolate national numbers using their secret sauce . ''
esports of all things skews incredibly into the 18-49 demographic .
it seems vary likely that a large majority of the viewers are in that demographic 60-70 whereas the 56k/106k viewers of results seems to indicate the nielson modeling does poorly in this particular case .
sweet can you send me an updated screenshot when you 're done ?
i do n't think he 's disliked at all ...
he 's just very famous and popular which makes people talk .
yeah the first time i saw it was against an npc invader yellowfinger i think and he kept vanishing .
i chalked it up to a draw distance bug at first but whaddya know .
since you know so much i got a real question for you .
when i break combo it doesnt make that sound anymore i want it back how do i get it back ?
yeaaah ... on things i 'm glad they left out of the tv show '' this one is pretty up on the list .
i guess it 's just semantics but dark souls is punishing rather than hard .
you can spot vast majority of traps before you walk into them .
i hope the devs do n't cater to the !
there 's plenty of mini heavy games that play well if this turns out to be a dud .
i think they actually increased the steal rate chance cause in 1st fight i 've gotten all the items on first try without any boosters
you 're also not allowed to date or drink alcohol or arguably do narcotics yet ... .
on oct. 31 2000 the first crew to occupy the international space station inaugurated a new era in space history .
when american astronaut bill shepherd and russian cosmonauts yuri gidzenko and sergei krikalev lifted off in a russian soyuz spacecraft from the baikonur cosmodrome in kazakhstan it represented the last day in which there were no humans in space .
saving them till the event will be worth the wait !
i have a hardstyle event midnight mafia next saturday my birthday next month .
what games and sets up a great final either way
you sir have just saved my phone and two weeks of repair thank you so very much if i could give you gold i would !
i agree i love my nalgene i only have the 1 litre version but it 's damn solid and has never leaked after more than a year of daily use .
it still show me online '' but the contacts cant see my profile photo and status .
the most recent thing on ign how i spent two hours in nms '' talks about an upgrade to the suit that lets you stay underwater twice as long .
this particular explorer got to go deep explore an ocean full of life and gather resources from it .
not sure why you 're associating me with stormfront .
i guess it 's because you realize your argument is pretty weak .
you do n't like the content of someone 's book and thus want it banned .
exact same reasoning that nearly anyone who 's tried to ban a book has used .
i would suggest anything from 30-40 degrees dependant upon the footprint available .
the number of seats were evenly split between the two candidates ' supporters .
i 'm gon na frag your scrub face off with an m4 .
i have literally never encountered a good player who consistently uses the sg or aug. theyre for scrubs .
well now with education i do n't think it 's really that difficult to do because you can cut a ton of cost you could put an ipad into everyone 's hand expensive books that you ca n't sell back to the book store are over rated .
i have some good ideas with health care that i would like to share sometime with reddit .
it should but people act as though he 's an f in both action and intent .
honestly none of his bad sides in the show would 've happened if left alone or unprovoked .
his terrible actions are a drop in the bucket compared to others .
as for his intent yeah it 's not great but i also think even this is exaggerated .
the world of got is a monarchy and honestly who 's in charge is rarely who deserves to be in charge and more often just who was lucky enough to be born a lord .
wherein lies the difference between tyrion exploiting his title for wine and bitches while walder frey exploits his title for wine and bitches ?
he sits in his castle and accepts his life for what it is neither trying to overthrow a system that benefits him no one does this nor does he become overly ambitious and try to exploit his title further than what 's normally expected .
and you yourself highlight the bias he receives walder frey had no knowledge of the unborn child nor do we have any knowledge of how far into her pregnancy she was .
you can also make a case that the alternative choice he had was to refuse the lannister offer to create the red wedding in which case if he were of the opinion the lannisters were going to win that war he was simply damning himself .
the lannisters propositioned him not the other way around to my understanding .
if the lannisters come to him with the possibility of the red wedding then there 's just as many issues with refusing that offer as there are to accepting it .
who is to say his decision is n't simply the most rational the one that 's safest for himself and his house ?
thank you amy i 'm really pleased i 've been able to achieve this without any colour correcting concealer or theatre make-up .
just an additional dark layer of foundation over my beard it 's really helped to reduced that caked on feel
i find it 's something silly to be offended at but i 'm also told a lot i should take things more seriously .
maybe i 'd i knew more about why a cf person would n't like them that 'd help ?
currently flash/legends/supergirl/agents of shield binged daredevil when it came out and will look to catch up on gotham in the holidays .
i would very much recommend watching buffy the vampire slayer and angel if you want shows that do n't disrespect the audience and has very consistent character development .
i regularly find bases of 250k/250k or more that are simply barch-able .
creo que no se puede llegar a 2500 porque con sólo 25 o 50 no sé seguro la cuenta ya no les iría al 100 no me hagas caso que yo tampoco me he preocupado mucho por esas cosas
in germany a hells angels member shot a cop through his door and wasnt charged because it was self-defence in the mistaken belief of being attacked .
in that case the hells angels thought some bandidos were entering his home .
so i need connect that power cord from my power supply right ?
second power cord can be unplugged from power supply ?
mogą z inicjatywy obywatelskiej zabiegać o skrócenie kadencji sejmu i dymisję rządu .
inna sprawa jest z tym że im dalej po wyborach tym kontrowersyjne decyzje są coraz gorzej oceniane .
nowy rząd ma swego rodzaju kapitał zaufania '' po wygranych wyborach i na wiele rzeczy obywatele przymykają oczy .
life from the loam http gatherer.wizards.com/handlers/image.ashx ? name=life from the loam type=card .jpg g http gatherer.wizards.com/pages/card/details.aspx ? name=life from the loam mc http magiccards.info/query ? q ! life from the loam
yeah i dont know what theyre going on about .
filipinos have been called the mexicans of asia for many reasons .
similar culture stemming from both being colonized by spain .
and also for being workers that go wherever theres work .
sometimes the rush to get the first pun in on reddit doesnt always work out well .
probably the most evil person you could make a villain in a video game .
promises vip kamoze dub bug hunt voltage vip spitfya have this lol baby boy cinema levels mash-up without gem shards died this way skrillex remix because
how can you enter the incursion with a gs of 95 ?
i am also all about player skill so no hate at all but i thought the instance is kinda locked when you try to enter below requirements .
dark souls 3 was an entire fanservice to the demons soul/dark souls fandom it sticked to the rules of it 's predecessors and did n't try to invent anything new a few new combat mechanics like weapon arts aside .
we wanted more in the style of demons soul and dark souls and we got it .
now it 's time to move on to something new and create independend worlds with their own flair and mechanics instead of seeing the dark souls franchise going down the road of titles like assassins creed .
dark souls 3 is already a worthy last title for dark souls .
yeah and that does n't change the fact that the revenue split means madrid and barcelona have an unfair built in advantage .
he was waiting for hillary to say something like why should i release my transcripts if you wo n't release your tax returns '' and that 's pretty much what she said in last night 's debate .
if she goes back on this she 'll look that much more disingenuous and hypocritical .
cowboys props are monster enough to destroy redfern and eat keary whole
i love the saints row games simply because it takes the idea of gta and makes you laugh .
the story is actually rather good throughout the entire series .
i will say 4 was probably my least favorite but that 's because i do n't like over the top kind of comedy .
the 4th is just too unrealistic to really believe in my opinion but still fun to play once you 've played 3 .
saints row 2 though is probably one of my all-time favorite games .
it has a good size world a quite a bit of activities to do .
the turf war is really fun slowly taking over areas to dominate the map .
3 also has this idea just more up-to-date graphics and overall game engine .
so if you had the option i 'd play 2 and then 3 if you still like the series then try 4 .
i have n't done gat out of hell just because i feel like they 're trying to milk the series without really innovating anything new .
aside from the matrix type of feeling in 4 i felt that way about it too as its the same city just with aliens instead of cops .
what have you found out in that particular situation ?
i 'm awful at reading people so that sounds very interesting .
maron aurora and i will attend the funeral with you .
meta lem me know if i need to raise my own ships
there 's basically two adds that enter the fight .
the first joins in against you the second has red eyes and will generally target the two guys on your ass and they can go for him too .
if any of them die they will come back after some time unless they 're all down at the same time at which point you get phase two .
it 's a really interesting fight but it took me a lot of attempts .
every time i leave i remind my grandpa to write down all the things he needs help with and all i.t support i can offer so when i next visit i do n't feel so fat and guilty afterwards .
i do n't see why the pc would n't boot with basic video output with the 380 plugged in .
finally now i can get rid of this piece of shit app i have been using
i did 233 which want quite a res snipe but i use the short range quick charge perk so it may be able to especially if you have higher light .
this mess is so entertaining it almost makes me wish he continues campaigning til the end .
it 's better to consider your words before just blurting out things you can not take back or you 'd know were wrong if you 've given it a second more thought .
can i work for a company that develops apps and games for google play ?
you would use their account and it would be their revenue etc .
can i have a friend create an account and upload to that ?
basically you are gifting your source to him and from then on it is his app .
from my experience armor on a frame with no human in it cant break
another option is malaka leo megan but it 's risky if orion is on will
these videos have been more entertaining than anything lcs or competitive in league lately .
removed because per sub rules this does n't merit its own post .
we have a questions thread every day please use it for questions like this .
i have both those things and yet i am still not a millionaire .
i would consider buying premium if this was the case at the moment premium is too stressful for me i feel like i have to concentrate on playing the game to not 'waste ' money .
they really should have something like 20 games 1 or something instead ...
do two returns to add a new line in reddit .
indo has a good article on it too http www.independent.ie/sport/other-sports/boxing/katie-taylor-suffers-shock-defeat-in-olympic-qualifier-as-rio-hopes-in-jeopardy-34630339.html
yana alexseevna of azerbaijan dealt katie taylor a shock defeat at the european olympic qualifying event in turkey this afternoon delaying the olympic champion 's qualification for this summer 's games in rio .
a win this afternoon would have seen taylor book her place in the upcoming olympiad but the defeat now means that she must make the semi-finals of next month 's world championship in astana to book her ticket on the plane to brazil .
it was taylor 's first loss since a controversial defeat at a multi-nation tournament in bulgaria in 2011 .
taylor was uncharacteristically on the back foot throughout the bout as alexseevna took the opening round and did n't let up much thereafter eventually winning a unanimous decision .
taylor lost 39-37 on all three of the judges cards and by the time the fourth and final round arrived she needed a stoppage or a knockdown to win the fight .
no irish athlete has been as dominant as taylor since her first major medal in 2005 which makes her defeat jar even more .
to date taylor has won an olympic gold five world championships and six european championships .
yes when you defeated the last of the 3 lord of cinders you are teleported there .
i had to stop working with my first set of homework buddies in grad school after a stat mech assignment where someone told me my answer could n't be right because it was n't the same as their 's but they did n't even realize the difference was that i had gotten a common denominator to try to simplify my terms .
50 tokens for 1 fusion core is not worth it p
and the second best gift i could receive would be a win !
i have n't bothered with cod since cod modern warfare 2
it 's been nothing but overpriced rehash of the same assests .
i waited for them to be less price so i can at least play the campaigns but because they took way too long to put it on a reasonable sale
i just do n't care to even pay 5 for it .
i do n't think a repeal has ever made it to his desk .
there 's programs out there where all you do is choose your country and it sets the ip address to be what it would be in that country .
many people used it for years to access other countries netflix selection until netflix put the kebosh on that .
i 've also seen claims that the banning of lead in gasoline was a factor .
i am not a social scientist but it seems a hell of a lot more complicated than an anti crime bill being passed .
anti-crime bills were enacted in the '50 's '60 's 70 's and 80 's too .
i just doubt the efficacy of laws in affecting overall crime rates .
hey audi techs are almost as bad as audi drivers .
stuff like that happens in a lot of games if you do n't pay attention to your currency limits
wait till he finds out there are girls that do like nerf gun battles .
this is a bit disappointing honestly it 's that 20-30fps variance during battles that always annoyed me .
it probably wo n't stop me from getting the game eventually but i was really hoping for a proper port .
there 's no reason this game couldn't/should n't run at 60fps on virtually every current machine .
this honestly does sound like emulation of the psx version which the mobile version could have been as well .
she claimed she was too tired but i kept annoying her until she finally caved .
because there 's so so much on netflix that 's great it 's hard to recommend anything specific without knowing your taste .
they have n't failed me yet but i will admit i probably am not using them to their fullest potential haha xd
i think we will need to see how guilds/raids pan out as they could solve this in the next couple week fingers crossed .
i 'm not so convinced by this update because i did actually like the quickfire battles in the game as it meant i could play for 2 mins here and there but i can see that scaled to level 80 this would have been a huge problem so i 'm willing to trust them on what comes next
if the filename is longer than 8 characters it gets truncated and that filename has an additional 4 timestamps
for more info on how these are changed see the windows time rules '' https uk.sans.org/posters/windows_artifact_analysis.pdf
totally it drives me crazy when i see and hear it its nonsense .
i transitioned at 38 i look half my age i 'm in better shape physically and psychologically than i have ever been and hrt is doing great .
i wont dispute that getting an early start is beneficial but it does not mean your doomed if you transition later .
the challenges differ most certainly but there are plenty of advantages
if you 're presenting something you 're proud of/something you think people will gag over you say for your nerves . ''
idk the chapter number but you 're right it 's jon 's last chapter in agot when he runs from the wall to join robb but gets caught by grenn pyp and co .
in 1978 or the 80s he would have probably won .
we will never know for sure because fischer refused to play .
honestly i do n't like the would've-could've-should 've '' discussions .
when fischer did n't defend his title he was no longer the best and that 's that .
as someone who lives in the humid south you have no idea .
85 is enough to make you want to kill yourself .
i always thought it was the real news from everywhere in the real world ... it just takes the most fucked up stories and puts them in their real time .
i need you to actually recreate this on snap when the time comes .
i 'm at work right now i 'll be able to trade in about 4/5 hours if you 're still around .
the thinner you are the less fat you have inside you .
fat is generated for being used as an energy source later and for keeping you warm .
but you should definitely do a blood test to see if something 's not normal .
if you 're actually missing iron there are a lot of vegan recipes that are bombs '' of iron .
i know i posted this last night but i 'm so excited so i 'm posting it again !
and here 's the story i promised would go with it
sometimes one 's mantra has no words and eventually you get it tattooed .
for most of my life i 've struggled with depression and a myriad of different anxiety disorders .
and for the majority of that time i 've actually struggled with self-harm too .
i can honestly tell you that i still remember the first and the last times that i hurt myself nine years in between the dates .
however what i ca n't tell you is every reason why i did it .
i can show you the mostly faded marks but i ca n't show you the monsters inside that caused them .
on april 11th i turned twenty-three an age i was n't so sure i would ever live to experience .
my packaging 's a bit damaged but i promise you i 'm still worth the same .
i 've discovered that life is worth living and that scars are n't a bad thing .
these marks that grace our bodies tell our stories and give us character .
however i refuse to force that character upon myself ever again .
i will take cuts and scars and bruises and burns from an adventurous and lovely life but never again will i take them from the monsters that love to reside within me .
i will battle these bastards that i 've lovingly named depression anxiety and self-harm .
and every single time i look at my hand i will be given the push to keep fighting rather than self destruct .
because my story is n't over yet it 's only just beginning .
i have quite the life standing before me and i 'm excited to see where it takes me .
i 'm twenty-three years old and i 'm going to be okay .
these monsters are strong but i promise you i 'm stronger .
haruhi looked better than anything else that came out in that year .
not the most standout example but haruhi certainly looked fantastic .
probably not postgres explain and the pgadmin query tool 's explain visualiser does a pretty great job of this already for free
i believe it 's no longer in continuity post new 52 but that it originally was .
many of the wards in germany are dissolving simply because there has been a large decrease in the number of american service members and families being stationed there .
is government responsive to the party or to the general public ?
i pre-ordered the pc version so i could play it early in 2013 it 's a been a lot of fun over the years picking it back up on steam in 2014 .
glad they finally got the ps4 version out although i had no idea so it was a pleasant surprise !
either way the addition of a few new items is good and the controls work well with the ds4 .
i have no idea is there somewhere else im supposed to post this ?
i hear you but i think you 're focusing on their reaction which is outside of your control .
all you can do is work on controlling your reaction to their reaction .
grow up dude if you think this is bad then dota is n't for you
just then i thought the iq of the subreddit could n't plummet any further ...
i played through the game with a fire longsword and it made a few enemy types trivial .
mostly dogs and the hollows who do the ... black ... expansion ... nightmare thing .
fear of settling fear of other tribes attacking if you stayed one place to long tools of the day were more aimed at hunting.. not tilling land no tools
i 'd think the biggest reason tho was the lack of far reaching language .
it would have taken generations just to figure out how to mass plans a crop have it not die and harvest and store properly .
a lot could be shown through doing but that keeps the knowledge very localized .
language was the line that started connecting the dots in early civilization .
yeah i 'd keep my head down too in fairness after that showing .
time to counterfeit a crow royal uniform out of those little bags and give myself a tour !
my favorite storage spot is the chest on the first floor of the friendly arm inn and has been since my first time playing baldur 's gate original version shortly after release fyi unlocking this chest does not anger anyone as the chest is locked but not owned .
this is fairly easily accessible from every location available in the game imo .
you could just have check boxes for sexes that people are attracted to
you 're eating at mcd 's and it 's the ice you 're worried about ... .ay yi yi ... .
this does n't necessarily answer your question but we do have a vendor list https www.reddit.com/r/tea/wiki/vendors/page_01 in the sidebar .
also you could look in to shops located in china/japan/taiwan as many of them have fairly affordable worldwide shipping .
edit if you are looking for japanese teas check out o-cha https www.o-cha.com .
they ship direct from japan but the shipping costs are very reasonable .
the police interrogators all too often employ physical brutality that meets the united nations convention against torture 's definition of torture .
cases of tasering which is a very real form of electric shock suffocation anal rape beatings with batons threats with a weapon and questionable deaths while in custody are now all on the public record .
and once again we see police officers committing perjury and innocent victims being charged with crimes that they did not commit .
the police are straight up raping and torturing people .
i ca n't believe the cpd has n't been completely disbanded and the national guard sent in .
unsubscribe and subscribe again on the steam workshop the center map .
i mean i 'm not hating on them for it really i just want to get into a group to actually do it how it 's intended and see what the hoopla is about .
if the game was fun and rewarding players would n't need to resort to exploits you know ?
i think there 's something to be said for both sides .
if he 's telling the truth we will know because laz will fall of his chair in shock
they were gon na get up and get rid of the queen but they got high .
i think the devs mentioned that they want to give black magic some love again so i 'm atleast expecting a fire and lightning version aswell .
you might have saved your self 115 yesterday but sooner than later you 'll have to spend that money .
maybe he is n't over like bryan in 2013 but he is an awesome wrestler and people love him .
i think it 's a fraud because that 's exactly what it is a deception to make democratic voters think they have a say but the dnc can do whatever they like .
i seem to have people from both sides arguing with me here no they ca n't just do whatever they want there are laws '' and there are no laws they can just have whatever rules they want or none '' .
that was in the past and eventually lands on earth .
i like it when they catch themselves 'mirin it makes it even cuter
join miata.net as soon as possible it 's a great thing .
rq was so bad in mk they made it a quitality when someone does it
your account is too new so your submission has been automatically removed .
if you 'd like your post reviewed for possible approval please message the mods .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gameofthrones if you have any questions or concerns .
the comedians of watchmen have a strange sense of humour .
say to them you 're only interested in me for my money '' and keep walking
it 's fat as fuck and has tiny wings on the side it 's ridiculous .
... stay tuned to find out what this means for your weekend
i think that pearl jam cd is gon na wind up costing 6.00 .
for me personally that 's not that high of a dosage .
considering that the second time i ever did acid was liquid form directly poured into my mouth by some old hippie dude .
i have no idea the dosage but it was enough that i had to swallow it .
on one hand you have the people who 've had are in relationship with ta
then we have others on avery property who could have had opportunity
1100 pages of reports and no one says anywhere well let 's just look at so and so just to check him out just to be sure .
all of the movies can be watched on their own as long as you know at least a little bit about batman .
to other users posting on this thread and not to the submitter of this particular thread offering on price check and question threads is not allowed .
failure to abide by this rule may result in a temporary or permanent ban .
sharking is not tolerated here and any attempt made will result in a permanent ban .
please refer to our subreddit 's rules as well if you have any doubts .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/globaloffensivetrade if you have any questions or concerns .
many questions were answered in the original post when u/carrera_chris showed up .
well amazon only cares that the production comitee and the tv station care ... or something like that
key thing 1 kill them before they kill you .
if you listen carefully you realize moriarty is actually him from the powerpuff girls .
the privacy argument does n't apply when you give multiple speeches to wall street for large sums of money and then run for president on the platform of ending financial corruption while refusing to release the transcript of those speeches with no reason other than well everyone else needs to do it too . ''
bernie sanders has none to release and republicans not releasing theirs still is n't an acceptable reason not to release them .
it would be completely different if she was being asked to release her internet browsing history .
do daily money-making as someone wrote above for a couple of days then grind dragonhide tanning for a few days should make a decent profit .
i found that traveling away then back again fix it .
everyone wants to do 2on2 match after seeing roc surf.. but i dont want to see guntitles battling anybody..they force to shut the venue down
thanks for all those that commented on my situation .
i can not believe that a few words from a conversation can bring all things spiraling down .
i wish i could get angry and let it all out but i just feel really sad .
after a few discussions about stuff i asked her if she was happy .
i forwarded some screens of their conversation and then asked her to tell me what was wrong .
she got pissed of and said that what the hell is this for ?
! we were just fooling around ffs he is my friend he was just kiddin around blah blah – i basically got deaf on a lot of the stuff she said after that .
my mind floated somewhere thinking this the same thing as last time.. i am wrong again and she was right again
what if we turn things around and you found that on my phone .
how 'd you feel if i told you were only friends ?
ok do n't answer that ... let me try again how would you feel if you know i was talking to this girl and i kept on deleting her messages ?
if i have nothing to hide should i delete it ?
my wife is free to look around my phone since the start of our relationship and she knows that
as what i expected she never answered those questions but avoided it by shoving in my face of me not trusting her at all that i always think and accuse her of cheating that if she was on top of that guy then i could say she was cheating but she was only talking to that guy .
since i know it will go nowhere i stopped asking .
she still went on and on slamming doors cursing slam some more stuff while i just sit there wondering why is there so much hate in her .
where does she get those hate she kept on throwing at me ?
i never cheated i do n't gamble i do n't drink either i do n't stay out late except for work i never raised my voice on her .
what have i done to be hated this much ?
what have i done to be hated so like i just killed someone ?
her nine fuckin years we 've been together and our life is still like this .
i 'm so fuckin tired and done with this kind of life .
sleeping with me is the only thing you 're good at !
it seems like either you really do n't give a fuck or you hate duterte so much that you 'd even twist democracy '' to favor your claims .
first of all your opening statement about democracy '' does n't really match your ending argument .
while he was claiming he killed alot of people you have no single proof that he actually did .
in a democratic country you ca n't just disqualify someone only by claiming he killed somebody .
you need to get enough evidence first in order to convict him in trial .
second afaik binay family is on trial for plunder .
comelec has more reason to disqualify him than duterte .
yet you 're claiming that they should disqualify duterte because this is what a democratic country '' should do .
if you must know binay is allied with another mass-murderer mayor .
i 'm not endorsing duterte here but you claiming democratic country '' yet wants an absolute and swift justice is what grinds my gears .
financial report 45k more if receiving days without incident '' bonus .
so about 120k a day with about 500 prisoners .
unfortunately since your account has less than 10 combined karma u/me and new account spam makes up a significant portion of all spam your post was automatically removed .
however you may still contribute by commenting on existing posts in r/technology !
additionally you may make meaningful contributions to other subreddits subreddits to increase your karma count .
if you believe this is a legitimate submission please message the moderators message/compose ? to=/r/technology subject=request for post review account karma to have them manually review your post or wait a few days and try again .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/technology if you have any questions or concerns .
if they want to go after this it means court showing actual harm and showing she breached her ea which she did n't as she resigned on wednesday .
well the problem is those meat mods are not sustainable and people who use them have blood on their hands .
end of turn effect would function like the mulligan phase with a shorter timer
i noticed that when he had duke give a monologue in batman issue 45 i think in front of some birds .
i do n't have a phobia of snakes but i am sometimes paranoid about wild animals .
rattlesnakes used to worry me because you 'd hear these things about them being able to jump 6 feet and launching out of the bushes ... then i learned that 's pretty much not true and places they tend to hide .
and they feel vibrations of our steps etc etc and that helps alleviate a lot of that paranoia
i have also heard some people say they ca n't read in dreams but i have quite often .
last night i dreamt i read a text message off of my phone but shorty after waking up i forgot it .
you actually had a moment there to same something relevant ... tmac going for 13 ?
we 're actually very open with each other and i have asked him .
we used to have an issue prior to kids where it took what seemed like forever for him to get inside due to tightness .
he comments and says things like he loves my vag more now then before .
i always hear more than not that having kids can make you loose .
in illinois it 's legal to go through if you 're been waiting for a certain asking of time .
hey videos_from_blago unfortunately your submission has been removed because it was a link to a video hosting site probably youtube itself .
if you 're trying to share a video you should stop by r/videos instead .
r/youtube is for discussing youtube as a whole its features bugs design trends and so on .
if you think your video fits that please send us a message https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fyoutube subject=please+approve+my+video. message 5blink+to+my+post 5d 28https www.reddit.com/r/youtube/comments/4evo2n/посылка_с_aliexpress_чехол_для_iphone_5c 29 so that we can take a look !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/youtube if you have any questions or concerns .
look at the controversial tab of r/all and tell me that i 'm wrong
unfortunately i 'm a bit more forgiving and dare i say naive than that .
this is my first relationship but i feel as if i know her very well .
perhaps we should part ways but not because she might cheat again .
you 're a much bigger douchebag than we all thought .
i 'm the guy u/hapakal was originally responding to .
you could have a look at the rest of our conversation .
but either way i think you ought to know that when you say we all '' i have no idea what that means .
because you sure as fuck are not speaking for me .
'' i do n't know how you run . ''
decir que miento cuando te he puesto el enlace de todos tus hilos los neutros y los llenos de odio en letras bien grandes y en mayúsculas delata tu urdaciana pantuflidad pantuflo .
they have a shelf life of 3 weeks 3 days when open i will make a post and reply to you with that post .
i 'm studying aeronautical engineering and working for an aircraft company doing mostly mechanical fitting .
i started in cs as well and seeing the way that korean players dedicate themselves to the game is incredible .
that 's an incredible picture of boxer and seeing it always makes me wonder what asian teams have to bring to the table .
the reason cs go has n't taken off there is obvious it is n't an internet cafe friendly game .
but with what tyloo has done here i really hope that kt rolster starts to find a foothold and we see what sk and all of asia has to offer in it .
unfortunately new and low karma accounts can not create submissions in r/vive .
when can we expect some must have games for this thing ?
i presume a full year until a must have game will be released on this thing ?
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/vive if you have any questions or concerns .
i use ones with graphics on them for decks and he wanted a single sleeve for his commander .
it would have came from my own commander and broken the perfect 100 sleeve goodness so i told him no and he pestered me about it for a few minutes until finally giving up after a string of no 's .
but how long can you keep that up as a career .
the lower guys are always a wrestlemania away from future endeavor letters .
there are other similar schools that i 'm sure would be available of similar clout instead .
and i 've lived in the area and even if it were free i 'd have a hard time making myself live there .
not a lecture at all my friend i really appreciate the positive advice
again tho this shit is muy fuego lawrd have mercy !
time to change to the local building society me thinks .
a few weeks after i started playing runescape in 2005 someone gave me 50k 50,000 gold pieces which was quite a lot to me at the time and also a fair amount to most people then
yeah people who do n't know how to drive in a roundabout because they are n't a feature of their roads would drive badly in a very complicated nested roundabout .
aavs can carry more marines and are much more amphibious .
the lavs advantage is its overland speed and the 25mm cannon .
glad you 're fine and i was happy to hear how the police treated you makes me feel good to live in nyc .
and with bitter-sweet feelings i should feel fortunate i ' am tall even for a male so i may hopefully less likely experience such a terrible thing
it 's crazy that no players other than mwp and kobe probably in that arena have ever experienced an atmosphere similar to what we witnessed last night .
she called me 5 times offering to pay me 60
she 's already offered you 60 once before and both of you know how that plays out !
there seems to be in some of the answer a fear or skepticism relating to training near you maksimal hr ?
id rather have a computer i can use for 13 hours .
they would need to be genre specific yes ai 's for rts ai 's for fps etc .
yeah i 've got a feeling this will be 1 play on my top ten this week .
a few seconds after it 's plugged in the usb device not recognized '' message comes up regardless of what i 'm using it for and whether or not it 's in pc or wiiu mode .
i 've tried uninstalling the default drivers installing the drivers provided by the website etc but it never really works .
at best it will work for a few minutes before either the input gets skewed or the error message comes up .
if there 's any character deserving of the etc '' mark it 's chiya
this game was pure trash how it got a steel book edition is beyond me .
the game suffered from mass fps issues and repetitive gameplay issues .
i think you entered a portal to a parallel dimension .
think back to just before things became different and try to duplicate it in the same area .
read the item description for the covenant item or the wiki
yeah you guys sent me off on a research tangent from a dumb troll comment i made .
4k uhd blu-ray http arstechnica.co.uk/gadgets/2015/05/ultra-hd-blu-ray-spec-confirmed-4k-at-high-frame-rates-10-bit-colour tripple layer version 128mbit/s does have a higher bitrate than my internet speed but you can still get a faster package and gigabit is already somewhat available .
my next thought was how high of quality do we need ?
which is why i said probably it was just a guess .
gm used this type of key for a while .
my '95 camaro gets security '' lighted all the god damned timed .
you might want to post your other units also so we know what you can work with .
looking to sell 2 weekend 1 wristbands for sunday only .
i thought it was pretty funny how intense pedro was when he squeezed up against luffy .
i 've tried lucid dreaming twice tonight and i get to a point where my whole body is almost numb but still has feeling and i 'm able to focus on a select area where my third eye '' would be .
then i hear a loud ringing and i just lose my whole body feeling and third eye i tried to keep it up still but i lost all feeling but my left leg pulsing a bit the ringing stopped when i heard a car passing by outside but it came back when it was silent .
is this ring '' some sort of barrier preventing me from doing anything now i 'm having a hard time in general sleeping .
it may be because i 've used to play fill even tho i got 60-70 of the times supp but realistically speaking i 've never had issues at adapting from a role to another .
you may be that 1 guy super specialized in just 1 role but even as a support main you should have no issues changing roles there are tank supports where you provide the engage .
there are buffer supports where you buff/peel/heal and there are lane dominanat supports where you have to poke and play a quasi apc role .
i 've played full ap karma with great results as both support and midlaner .
i 've played nautilus as a tank in both bot and top/jungle .
realistically speaking the only differences between them is your gold and you ability to adapt based on that ingame .
you push your limits and stop building frozen heart or whatever tank item you would generally build realistically speaking why the fuck are u even building frozen heart on a support karma ?
if you 're in range to take aa 's as karma or in range for the aura to be effective you 're doing something really really wrong and just go with some ap alternatives .
or hell if your bot is ahead you go the adc buffer route and get stuff that increases his dps or protects him from cc .
if you 're massively ahead you even go pure ap and use your massive poke as a siege instrument .
the same goes for a tank support you got ahead as a tank ?
you become the main initiator because your'e expendable and let your other members with more gold do the damage .
let the guys with mroe gold therefore items to soak damage and just provide peel .
being a support does n't mean playing the same way everytime .
you sometimes can carry i 've had games where the kills simply came to me even if i did n't wanted to and got fed .
having a full ap morgana with zhonya abisal and a god damn rabadon flas in a teamfight will either force a couple flashes or win the teamfight for your team if they do n't she has great base damages and decent ratios
you can also tank and most times you have to peel .
but it does n't change the part that being a support is not that much different from being a laner and you just have to adapt to each situation properly and asses your gold and role in your team .
if you are fed u have to carry .if not you play support for the fed member regardless if you 're top mid or jungler .
and while i do agree that solo laners will know the matchups better then you picking a support for a sololane means that you will at least have the mechanics down .
usually more so then the enemy since the support pool is so limited .
especially since you yourself admited that you do n't play much of anything else .
you 're talking in theory without having the actual experience .
for example i 've yet to lose a lane at my elo gold-plat .
used to be plat-low diamond in season 4-5 but after the reset and me being a solo player ... .well it hit me quite hard as morgana mid .
like literally most midlaners ca n't deal with her pushing power .
i can force all assasins to a 1v1 wave clearing matchup and deny them roams while having very little fear of dieing 1v1 because even if i do n't know the matchups i do n't have to trade with a morgana in lane .
and if anyone goes all in past level 6 and got hit by a biding ap morgana can 100-0 literally everyone .
because until now you were sure that even if he beams down to an alien planet data riker or picard would not be killed or promoted to other starships well with the exception of tbotbw .
but if the crew is changing you do n't know what to expect .
and speaking of transfers i would love to get just a glimpse of the rikers on their uss titan ...
fwc is selling godroll version of it no need to count on luck .
heat soaks like a motherfucker because rather than stick to the old model for building a z06 they just made a new zr1 but called it a z06 .
the c6 z06 would be a much better track car because the ls7 could be tracked all day since it 's naturally aspirated .
yeah probably at this point if i message or text more than once and they do n't reply i do n't consider them a friend anymore that 's not to say that if they 'd start the conversation i would n't talk
i would cry on the inside because silent hills got cancelled
i like schlesinger she goes off on some tangent of her own imagination exaggerating how ridiculous something is .
i get why people would n't like her but i think she 's hilarious .
if it takes a driver with stenhouse 's natural ability to make roush look ok in cup keeping in mind that neither of his teammates are a threat and likely never will be again i would n't say i trust that they 're rising in comparison to other teams .
it took carl edwards driving the wheels off to win 2 races in 2014 but the cars flat out sucked .
that 's the best any roush driver can realistically hope for .
biffle and stenhouse both run sponsorship race to race with roush on it 1/4 of the time and bayne is buy-a-ride in the worst way .
roush needs help still if they want to be upper-echelon again .
i like stenhouse never have liked roush 's team tho
the creator dan will be starting up a crowfunding campaign for it once that is organised .
it has n't been long since he finalised it and spending time to put together the campaign itself is reasonable .
having said that recommending something that can not be purchased is silly .
typical goldie guy is completely face down ass up that hurt him ''
morty has some crazy sexual kinks purries and sex bots .
plus the whole getting shut down thing resonated a little to well with me lol
and for a lot more eye locking just to be sure .
quite frankly every time you think of him there he is !
request had this shamchat conversation with saness and thought art of this would look cute .
they do n't give a shit about you unless you 're near a hive .
i 've been away for the subreddit and series for a long while and can honestly say after catching up jiraya 's tale and this arc even as filler are awesome it 's actually got the feel of the main stories authenticity to it .
everyone hating on the fact of itachi beating yagura so easily is forgetting one thing although yagura was kage he was just a kid with a lot of power who should n't of been kage .
itachi by this point was an absolute machine past the sannin 's level it 's like naruto at the end of part one trying to take jiraya not that extreme exactly but similar comparison .
but there be far too much itachi circlejerking going off he 's nowhere near top dog in the shinobi world as much as people like to pretend .
but as a character he 's one of the top written ones .
and that 's why juzo was pretty good here too was n't no dbz i spam hax jutsu at u n i am stronger than u noobzz bow down to awesome super power muahahahahahahaha dude was just another realistic seeming charecter who was pissed off with the world and went out like a soldier instead of being handed a lecture and turning good or having some super in depth flashback about why he was the way he was because of some fucked up childhood or whatever it 's refreshing to see things go back to basics a bit with charecters like this
hilarious thing is that i actually do i copy and paste the letter e .
is there any known place in the solar system they could live and reproduce though ?
with the title being homecoming i think the final act would have peter going to homecoming but having to abandon his date in order to go deal with the movie 's villain as spider-man and when he comes back the dance is pretty much over .
i think this was almost exactly how an episode of the spectacular spider-man played out iirc
always good practice to tag spoilers but i do n't think it 's too bad in this case .
all that 's really revealed is that alustin is a recurring character in the story .
the job is only bad when there 's no calls .
plus if i leave it 'll be months before i find a new job and i really ca n't go through this again .
im not a huge fan of sg or especially kurisu but there 's a lot of great fanart .
it 's not about the guy at all it 's about the friend
so what you 're saying is that blizzard should make a multi-billion dollar mmo with microtransactions ?
it 's called the chryslus rocket 69 cherry bomb .
weekly heroic strikes the first half of the hm raid poe lvl 41 42
obama care screwed a lot of friends out of low paying full time jobs .
i found mine at gamestop used for 10 luckily .
honestly i would more than likely ask him to leave or step into the exit hallway and serve the wife .
i think they 'd be better if they required two lands of different types like if you control a forest and a plains '' .
honestly though the condition should result in an alternative or reduced cost not straight-up free .
and as u/caliburdeath said the blue one is very strong .
even without the option of casting it for free it 's too good .
that put such a huge smile on my face .
it 's great to see the team back together .
holy shit guys do n't just downvote everyone who posted their battletag because you did n't get in .
hostile work environment is a legal term of art and contrary to popular belief it does not mean that the workplace was hostile in the colloquial sense .
rather it refers to a pattern of discrimination or harassment as a result of an employee 's membership in a protected class .
please see this link from the eeoc http www.eeoc.gov/laws/types/harassment.cfm to better understand the advice you may receive .
the majority of situations that many consider a hostile work environment do not meet that definition legally .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/legaladvice if you have any questions or concerns .
all it does is give the business owner the right to refuse service on certain grounds .
it 's not as big of a deal as people think it is .
please act like a flamer and go to a bakery and order a cake .
or call a place and say it 's for a gay wedding .
see how many bakeries you have to call until they say no .
because that 's how this whole controversy started was someone cold calling bakeries and asking if they 'll bake a cake for a gay wedding .
so really it 's the one bakery that has its principles after some dozens were called that this became a thing .
im using pla and my temps are the preheated settimgs 210c nozzle and 60c bed i thought i had leveled it but i 'll check again .
just soak your piece in an iso solution and let it evaporate for a day
good evening i 'm hoping this is the right place to post a question like this .
i 've never attended a fur con and i 'm planning on attending the mid west fur con this year .
is there a good place or a good way to meet new groups of people at these things as i will more than likely be attending without knowing anyone in advance .
with out going through the entire vender list who has a large selection of clones to choose from in canada or do we have to deal with fasttech .
i made a batch of cider and forgot to put pectin enzyme in oopsies before the yeast .
i put it in just moments after ... what outcome am i looking at ?
note i put in about 1/2 the amount of pectin enzyme ... for some reason ... since i forgot to do beforehand i guess
so im having trouble with my evinrude 6hp 1970-ish motor .
but me trying to start it destroys my sholuder .
i takes over 30 pulls to get it started .
i tried changing the carb to all the way open and it still took forever .
i looked at the spark plugs and they looked not horrible but not bad .
the only thing i have not checked is the carb .
my second problem is when it is running it takes forever to get to top speed .
if i go to fast it cuts out and if i go to slow it takes 10 minnuets .
this i think is a carb problem but im not sure
as in you now need 14 he materials as in they almost doubled the cost ?
am i just late to the party am i missing something or has no one mentioned it yet ?
this game is the most addictive multi-player game i 've played !
as you grow long you try to get others to run into your tail .
when someone runs into your tail they become food to add to your length .
hey so i 'm trying to rush farm siege of hippoe before energy glitching is patched for bcen so far all of my starter cats are at level 20+40 except for dark cat who is at level 20 38 .
my cat storage is now maxed out at 64 cats all except for 7 salon cats are basic starter cats because my paris cat is at 50 .
i have 15 cow cats sitting in storage and after the update which should be coming in a few days i 'll still have 5 unused cow cats .
should i clear up space by converting paris or cow cat in to xp ?
so i have been using some apple earbuds given to me by my boyfriend to borrow so i can co-op with some buddies for bloodborne .
unfortunately while i can hear them just fine they can not hear me ! !
1 há uns 10 anos atrás quando no meu lugar tinha pouca densidade populacional havia um palacete meio construido e algo escondido numa encosta de um monte coberto de mato típico filme de terror .
dizia-se que as fundações desse palacete foram construídas com pedras de um cemitério que havia no local e essa era a razão da casa nunca ter sido acabada .
os trolhas falavam que levavam estalos e ouviam vozes quando iam finalizar a obra .
a verdade é que neste tempo todo digamos 20 anos a casa não foi acabada e em vez disso foi arrasada e construída uma nova edificação que por curiosidade pertence ao dono da agência funerária .
2 em outro monte perto da minha casa tem um penedo granítico com gravações de pegadas .
fala-se que essas pegadas pertencem às personagem do presépio josé maria berço e burro .
the ever-apparent presence of cyberwarfare has presented a unique problem to the hudson 's bay company .
the hbc operates in a collection of nations often the subject of election fraud via cyberwarfare or simply malicious individuals and in order to secure its own assets and prevent any fraudulent activity from affecting hbc operations a cybersecurity arm of the hbc is to be founded .
called hudson cybsec the subgroup is to recruit covertly and act behind the scenes ensuring that everything continues moving smoothly .
some higher ups have expressed concern regarding the potential use of hudson cybsec for less savory operations but the current manager of the hudson-katanga company has reassured them
any of you got stuck in the waters and could n't move in the game .
prior to this i got poisoned by some punji sticks then after coming down from the roof no damage taken i could n't move once i landed in the water leading to me dying to gas .
or just stuck in the water and could n't move in general at times .
when i transfered to a 4 year university i was supposed to pick a major .
i did n't want to be an art major anymore because i realized ... i was n't really that good at art .
it was fun but i could n't see myself working hard on it the rest of my life .
i looked back at what i had been doing most of my life even as i had other interests .
no matter how busy i got in school i always made time to write something for fun .
i 've had this theory that seems to be holding true .
every 11 years the sox have a good team since i 've been alive .
i was born in '83 the sox had the best record in baseball in '83 and made it to the alcs '94 was the strike but the sox had a really goo time that year before the strike .
11 years after that was '05 and that was 11 years ago .
i 'm trying to deploy a poc horizon view environment and have specifically gotten caught up in trying to deploy an automated dedicated desktop pool .
eventually it errors out with customization operation has timed out '' .
the guest vm is then deleted and goes through provisioning again .
any thoughts on where i should go from here to try and resolve the issue ?
in the interest of providing as much information as possible the view server view composer and view agent are all version 6.2. the guest os is windows 10 is fully update and has had the view agent view direct connect agent and view optimization tool ran on it .
thanks in advance for any guidance you can provide .
i was getting my tysabri infusion today and one of the nurses gave me a printout from the clinical trial website saying this study was looking for patients with ms .
unfortunately tysabri patients are n't illegible to participate in this study but i thought maybe some of you may be able to participate .
got a xbox one http imgur.com/a/jlkiv it is in great condition and lived in a smoke free home .
will come with all wire for plug and play controller and xbox headset .
i meant the actual value that has 2 devilmons,1 leg,2 l and d scrolls energy exp booster mana stones and crystals .
anyone want to explain to me why we ca n't just heat the bunk u-47700 3,4-dichloro-n 2-hydroxycyclohexyl n-methylbenzamide in hexamethylphosphoramide at 225c under reflux and get the desired 3,4-dichloro-n 2 dimethylamino cyclohexyl n-methylbenzamide ?
has no one with the bunk '' u4 tried this yet ?
i was wondering how to update my computer specs since i had gotten a brand new one to have a better chance to get into the betas and everything but the employee told me that they do n't even look at pc specs in consideration for betas .
my computer is absolute dogshit but i hoped against all odds i could run the game .
so now i 'm stuck watching my friends play the game and i ca n't do shit but be stuck playing 1 and 2 while waiting for a job application to be accepted so i can get that dream pc .
i 'm afraid that by the time i get a job and get the money the hype will have died down and my friends will have stopped playing thus leaving me to experience the game on my lonesome once again .
is anyone interested in doing a coop with me in the following months ?
anyway moral of the story is if you get the choice between a prebuilt pc from a shitty retail store and a custom built pc by your cousin do n't let your parents have a say in the matter .
is there any way to get it below 5.5 either by mod or stock ?
i 'd like to be able to more precisely adjust the limiter .
i must say i 've had the most fun i have had in a multiplayer game in a long time .
losing a game or two in a row did n't even matter i still got pog a few times in losses and they did n't feel that one sides .
the heroes are all super fun to play and feel very rewarding and unique to eachother i have n't played all heroes but getting 4 kills in a row as widowmaker and grabbing pog felt very awesome compared to a reaper ult which had a total different effect on me the player .
friend of mine came over and he loves beefy tanky heroes or character and it 's a cherry on top when they got a hook .
needless to say he pre ordered the game after trying one game which he was playing with a smile on his face .
i just wanted to make this post i 've been up way past the 24 hour mark currently and i just have to share my experience about this game and i can not wait for launch i can with absolute honestly say that this game with be a hit among players it 's just..a really fun game .
so here i am inca on highlands wham i meet alexander .
ok whatever but one turn later one turn he is hostile and insults me .
i saw this video years and years ago no idea where but it was a webcam video or at least a self-made video of a girl stripping and dancing around .
it was notable for the fact that dream academy 's life in a northern town '' was playing over it and this made it stick out in my mind .
i 'm getting commissioned in the army here in a couple weeks and i need to pick up a silver dollar for the ceremony .
i got my eyes set on the classic morgan silver dollar but i wanted to know if there is a year that i am supposed to get .
i have heard both 100 years before you were born or 100 years before you were commissioned .
is there a right answer or is it what ever you want ?
so i 've been recently playing a fair bit of darius and i usually just camp in the top lane bush furthest away from my base before minions spawn and when the enemy top laner comes and starts hitting the creeps i pretty much all in them and first blood them .
but then i do n't know how to snowball that lead .
i 'm able to open up a 20-30 cs differential because i out trade them and force them off last hitting but then they just stay outside my ability 's range and camp at their turret and i ca n't kill them .
should i look to roam more instead of continuously shoving it into their turret ?
sorry in advance for the long post i 'm not sure anyone wants to read my rant but i 'm just so happy and need to share my story .
i generally do n't like sharing my story in fear of what others will say too slow unnecessary or unimpressive .
i 've been working out really hard for the past 8-9 months .
when i started i did n't think i 'd lose any weight ... i 'd tried working out before but never had any real success but i graduated from university and had a lot of spare time so i thought i 'd take up working out as a hobby .
since i did n't really think it 'd work i 'm not sure what my starting weight was but i remember seeing the scale always hovering between 160-165 and i was buying jeans ranging from 28-30 .
8 months later the scale was hovering between 148-150 and i was buying jeans that were 26-27 its so hard with women 's sizing because all brands are different !
anyway i was proud of my success but this reddit community helped me realize i seriously needed to look at my diet to make all my efforts at the gym worth it .
8 months and under 10 pounds lost was nothing to write home about .
so last sunday i bought a food scale and i 've been religiously tracking using mfp this week .
i even bought a pair of guess jeans in size 26 the most recent ones i 've bought from the same brand are a 29 !
i 'm just so happy to see what a difference really tracking my food has made .
i 've also recently been using reddit and i have to say this community has helped immensely not only is there so much knowledge but the support is incredible .
so if you guys are anything like me then it 's quite frustrating for you when you get the alert to have to go help defend a settlement .
you have to stop what you 're doing rush over to the settlement and defend it no matter how many turrets or how well-armed the settlers are .
if you do n't go or take too long usually half or all of your settlers are killed and most of your stuff needs to be repaired basically they fail .
as i was completely zoned out rebuilding the walls of the castle and trying to turn it into the more minute men looking fort i want it too look like i must have missed an alert to go defend finch farm .
then lo and behold another alert pops up saying finch farm successfully defended itself !
it has 4 settlers 12 food 6 water 0 power and 32 defense .
now if other people have seen this before then i apologize for being so excited but this is the first time in my many many many hours of playing this game that a settlement actually did something for itself !
i was in another thread just a few days ago complaining about how i wish the settlers could handle things for themselves since i take the time to gear them up and set up turrets everywhere !
i assume maybe this has something to do with the wasteland workshop being out but i ca n't be sure suffice it to say if you set up good defenses there may be a chance now that the settlements take care of themselves !
if this is from wasteland workshop then i tip my hat to you bethesda you truly did us a solid !
i was 6 when she died of cancer so i do n't remember much .
i do n't remember her voice and the tapes have long been lost in moves by other family members .
i wish i goto have some of those mother daughter experiences ... proms graduation my wedding ... they were all lacking something extremely important .
he 's a 26 year old male who consumes between 200-300 grams of sugar per day and he smokes a pack of cigarettes a day .
he has admitted to me in the past several times that he is much more addicted to sugar than he even is to cigarettes so at least he 's not in complete denial .
he hardly eats any real foods that are n't loaded with sugar and insists that while he is unhealthy he 's not fat .
he is only about 20-30 lbs overweight but he does n't grasp the concept that things could be much worse beneath the surface than what your body is portraying on the outside .
i 'm almost certain that he 's wrecked metabolically but i do n't know what to say that will resonate .
i assume that the first step will be getting him to a doctor as he has't had a checkup in years .
if anyone has any advice for me on how i can help him i would really really appreciate it .
this album is the fourth album i 've bought from them .
i bought this album and it is really underwhelming to me .
for me a lot of the songs sound really similar .
this is because the choice of instrumentation for each song being really similar .
maybe i 'm just used to motp quickly becoming one of my favorite albums of all time .
idk this is all personal preference and in no way a critique but i really want to like this album .
so that i can get a wider viewpoint of the album in general !
been thinking of getting a caseworks case for my office so i can rotate my collection in a frame '' .
is it only me or is the server restarting like every 10 minutes right now ?
my biggest fear is that one of these pop up in an intense lcs match in las vegas between i dunno.. some random rival teams pick one
on top of the 20 mordekaiser bug post the dozen yasuo bug post the auto attack animation+sound going off but not registering damage on-hit '' the numerous master yi was in alpha bugs .
i feel like the spaghetti is getting out of control !
99 of the things you see in lol wtf moments on youtube are bugs that can ruin games .
i think the pro scene has simply been lucky thus far
stattrak karambit fade 95 on zone listed as 90/5/5 on exchange 0.05 float
so i 've soloed my entire way up to hr7 because for some reason i thought that playing online would make it too easy so i just unintentionally challenged myself but now i 'm at g1 and i am becoming mentally unstable but i do n't want to be carried .
and i know that in many cases i would n't be carried but i just need to know is there any shame in getting help from other people for g1 ?
i feel small and insecure everyday of my life .
i wish i did n't have to feel anxious all the time .
how the hell do you guys cope with constantly being under a microscope ?
i 'm in the us and i 'd like to keep shipping domestic .
if you 're international and do n't mind paying addition shipping then we can discuss the costs .
i really just want to get rid of this stuff .
kat von d studded kiss lipsticks in lolita and thin lizzy .
depotted stila in the moment palette the gold shade got nicked the others are fine .
meet matte eyeshadow palette 4 shades have been depotted and the mirror is cracked .
i need to put 2 of these thunders in in order to feel anything .
i have beaten it easy mode in the middle with healing .
so after playing this game for a while i can say it 's brutally amazing .
unfortunately i have no money to spare on games at the moment so i ended up pirating it .
question since i fully intend to buy the game on steam when i can to support the devs/get updates is there a way to transfer my save over to the steam version ?
i really dont want to lose all my progress once i buy the legit version .
do n't forget when pollsters make polls they poll certain expected of voter blocs .
for example they may poll 20 under the age of 30 20 age 30-49 etc .
everything you do to increase turnout especially under the ages of 49 will throw these polls off .
the largest voting bloc is always over the age of 59 this needs to change !
get everyone you know to vote even if they do n't normally .
phonebank canvas and/or convice as many friends and family as possible !
get them involved with early voting or mail-in voting if they mention being unavailable as their reason most states have open options .
only doing it with a middleman from the list on this subreddit .
hey all i love card games and decided to jump into hearthstone .
so i finish the computer tutorials and i see hey casual game mode lets try it !
i have finished my basic wizard deck and playing against computers is not fun .
i played magic for years and understand mechanics of card games tempo etc .
but holy shit they match me with people dropping gold cards that are rare collectors i search them on my laptop thinking maybe ill get them through levelling i mean 40 games i think i have had 7 matches where we were close i stomped a few and then the rest the other person has a stacked deck and is obviously not new .
i am assuming this is blizzards way of forcing you to want to buy packs ?
i mean it does not surprise me but i would of thought it was different .
i guess i am looking for a way to play against people where its not 30 card 1000000 million dust deck versus a basic with a couple of crafted cards .
welp its happened the idea of a dedicated jungle hero needing to be in every game is a thing now .
it seems like i can not score from corners .
only possibiltiy is to do a long pass outside of the box and score from there .
only times i score inside the box is when the gk fks up badly .
like some people i stopped playing until the game is a bit more complete .
i love this game but if there is one thing that breaks it for me it is the randomness of the pois both in space and on the ground .
i 've just read the newsletter and i know they are improving uss to be less random so i hope they are gon na do the same on the ground .
i just ca n't stand the blue zones right now .
it 's like every planet has 10 crashed ships 5 mining bases and all sorts of random junk lying every km² around every planet .
they just pop up for you to find because they do n't want space to be empty and dull for you when you play .
but the real question of the randomness is this are they planning to make things persistent ?
as i understand it once you enter an uncharted system the procedural generation creates the entire system from a set of parameters and it then stays the same forever for everyone .
uss are mostly small wrecks that can scatter around or ships that will then go on their way so the persistency is not too much of a problem right now but this is really not the same on planets and moons .
so why not use the same system for pois ?
make us scan the entire planet set big pois for good and maybe get some random small ones .
as they improve the ui to allow us to pave our way and mark places we went and want to come back to the universe is gon na have to become a lot more persistent .
maybe it already is to some extent but i never had the need to write down the exact location of a poi and come back to it later because of them being so unimportant .
they usually have a rude autist and the boston strangler on their panels .
my grandmother was involved in a hit and run road accident last week .
she almost lost her leg and will require months of care and physiotherapy to recover .
she was an active lady at 78 she was still going to work as a carer for needy people .
she also cares for my grandfather who has chronic back pain .
as things stand we are unsure as to whether she will ever be able to work again .
i am looking for some advice on how my family should proceed legally .
she is losing months of earnings from her job as she is obviously unable to work .
hey i 'm looking to sell my m9 bayonet night for around 85 of market price but feel free to give me offers
feel free to add me if you want to discuss
i am a bot designed to create a new post each day so we can all discuss today 's afterbirth daily challenge !
please post all scores discussion and thoughts and today 's daily in the comments below .
if you want to avoid being spoiled about the daily do n't venture below this point .
also feel free to use https greedbutt.com to link to your score so people can compare .
title says it all i ca n't find any wondering if anyone here knows of one .
i know how to find the spawn chunks but as this is something i am doing a lot its becoming tedious and i was hoping to quicken the process somewhat .
after seeing star wars the force awakens 3 times and reading the book i came to the conclusion that at her core rey is someone who does n't like herself that much .
her running away from maz 's castle is a good example .
she never argued when maz brought up that she rey knew deep down that her family is n't coming back because rey knew it was true and rey did n't accept the lightsaber because imho she did n't think she was worthy .
there 's a great line in the book that says no matter how fast she ran rey knew that she could n't run from herself '' .
plus imagine it from her perspective you grow up on a desert junkyard planet since you were 4 years old all the times you nearly starved to death or gotten attacked by creatures and a scared toddler trying to find her own shelter and no matter how much you look up at the cosmos every night and beg and plead you realize that mom and dad are n't coming back and that leaves a person with the notion that they are n't wanted .
starting tomorrow i 'll be streaming every chance i get on my xbox one .
after browsing twitch for awhile i 've come to love the interaction between the streamers and the chats .
my only problem is i do n't have a pc just yet so i 'm very limited to the things i can do .
i 'll be streaming off my xbox one and using my phone to monitor the chat since for me the twitch app gets buggy when left snapped .
i 've looked through some of the topics here but have n't found and answer for these yet .
i 'm just starting out and i know i wo n't have 30 people in my channel ... hell i 'll be lucky to have 1 or 2 but i still like to keep my bases covered .
again i 'd have to set it up from my phone so the easier the better .
is there any other programs that i could use from my phone to my twitch stream ?
i doubt anything like twitch alerts works for it but i got ta ask anyway .
any other tips you have for my unique streaming situation would be welcome .
not the worst story but i feel bad and am just going to tell them that something came up when i try to reschedule .
i dont like missing things that i give my word for even things as simple as an appointment .
what really happened though was that i was emotionally broken down and forgot entirely about it .
and all too often i see the defense 'ignore the flaws and enjoy the show for its good bits ' thrown around on the internet .
generally its for shows that are polarizing in nature or over-the-top fun shows and ive seen it most in use for shows like sao and aldnoah.zero .
while i feel its certainly a good thing to just enjoy an anime rather than start watching expecting to hate it and nitpicking all its flaws is this really a very good point ?
in all fairness this argument could be used for any and all anime and by extension all art in general .
douchebagchocolat pointed rather sarcastically out in one of his videos that if you do indeed follow the advice all youre left with is a perfect show and hence all shows are 10/10s .
while this is certainly an optimistic way of looking at things i think its not all that smart to throw this phrase around .
first things first i would like to ask why do we try and find flaws in anime .
is it because we are stubborn and only want to find the best show possible to watch ?
or do we find some pleasure in finding flaws ?
i mean ... everyone loves a good negative review no ?
while i dont think we can ever properly answer this question we can see the effect it has .
not only in anime but taking a broader look creators of art using these flaws that people find are constantly improving their works .
little by little all mediums of art evolve and change .
and undoubtedly the readers/viewers picking out flaws and telling the medium what works and what doesnt contributes massively to this evolution .
furthermore picking out flaws and talking about flaws is an important way in which the medium remains relevant .
sure its easy to say just enjoy sao fuck the flaws overlook the and have fun .
but imagine if we took this same viewpoint for other shows .
what if people only watched nge and saw it as a fun robot show what if people watched mushishi and only appreciated the nice backgrounds and pretty art and never bothered to look deeper into these shows ?
picking out flaws is one of the ways of analyzing a work .
and if we dont analyze dont look into it and just 'enjoy ' the show it remains relevant for less time .
sure not all shows were meant to be equal .
sao and nge were made for different reasons and to satisfy different needs .
but what people have to understand is that if you dislike something about a show dont just shrug it off .
do you really want 90 of all anime to be tsundere filled fanservice fests ?
i think this is important to discuss especially with the financial state the industry is in .
if youre looking for a point or a defining argument in this essay there isnt one .
i would love to hear you guys ' opinions .
remember if you disagree with something dont simply also downvote explain your reasons for disagreeing .
hey as title mentions i 'd like to pricecheck this m9 slaughter http imgur.com/a/rmfqa
it was pc 'd 120 yesterday but wanted a bit more inputs ty 3
i have a few questions that i have had difficulty finding answers to on google do i decided to come here to ask them .
i am currently running debian on my computer but i have gotten tired of the lack of games and the shitty graphics drivers .
my first question or really set of questions is about hardware .
i know that in order to have almost full speed performance on the guest in my case win 7 or 10 i need vt-d and vt-x on my cpu .
how do i know if a motherboard supports it as well ?
i am planning on upgrading my computer soon and i would like to know that the parts i choose will fully support virtualization .
i wo n't be upgrading my gpu for a while so i will be using my radeon hd 7870 as my guest and intel integrated graphics for the host until i get a new gpu .
do most cards work with pci pass through or do they need certain features ?
since i am going to be gaming on the virtual machine speed and stability are the most important things for me .
from the reading that i have done it seems like xen may be the best for performance and stability but i may be wrong .
something else i am very interested in is how well the vm can be integrated with the host and it seems like virtualbox may be the best with its seamless windows and stuff like that .
or could i get the same performance on virtualbox the guest additions ?
like i said before speed and stability are the most important but if i can sacrifice a little performance for the level of integration that vb offers i would prefer that .
me and two friends are about to release an single but we suck at photoshop and drawing but our label want us to have some sort of artwork .
we did this logo earlier on http imgur.com/yt3fwbc but now we thought it could be cool to do some more fancy stuff with the logo .
so we thought that we would ask you guys here .
we 'll of course credit you as the artist and if its really good we would also like to pay for it .
we were thinking something like this http imgur.com/9qdibxn http bit.ly/23kkhvb and http bit.ly/1qur2aw to make our logo in a more pencil or pen look we are open for anything colors or black and white as long it looks good thanks in advance !
i know i should n't like you but i do .
not just because you 're super cute or because you 're quite smart or even because you 're so much more mature than others your age but because i love spending time with you .
you 're so chill you 're so openminded we share a common faith and you 're not afraid to challenge ideas even your own .
whenever we 're together i hope and pray for time to slow down .
i know i should n't because you 're nearly ten years younger than me .
i know i should n't because you 're probably straight .
i know i should n't because we 're still getting to know one another .
i know i should n't but still i like you .
now you 're probably going to say well duh click the button to the side of the video and hide it .
i would n't be making this post if i could do it .
the problem lies with me only able to hide videos within a day or week span .
after that they are impossible to hide to clear my subscription box .
bare in mind i even tried watching a video fully and it fails to hide the video .
this is really getting on my nerves because it makes youtube slightly slower to load with all the videos loaded .
granted there is an option to load more but still it has to load quite a bit of videos .
so youtube can you enlighten me as to why it 's so difficult to hide videos i seen or do n't care for ?
i tried this on two different computers and my phone and cleared cookies so that is n't an issue .
so i 've been having a pretty solid skincare routine for the past 3 months .
every product has made a difference to my skin in the beginning and with continue use it will uphold the goodness of the skin .
anyways i 've become kind of bored '' of my routine and i 'm looking for something to spice up my routine .
products that my sister owns and i use sometimes lol
it was just a normal invasion using my s proper red eye orb '' until i realized hey i have no idea where i 'm going screw this host i 'm gon na take a look around and figure some shit out
5 minutes go by the host sends me a message .
come here and attack us like a real invader '' .
the host had a sunbro summons and it just did n't feel right killing one of my brothers of jolly cooperation !
i told the hoe that i had no querl with him and he seemed as though he believed me .
i lead him and his summoned pal through the enemies they successfully fended them off while i spammed the hurrah !
gesture only to have an s aldrich faithful '' invade the world as well .
out of instinct i ran towards the new invader with all intent to sunbrotect the hoe !
we started battling it out the invader and i on a narrow pathway that could lead to either of our deaths with one false step .
him with his halberd be with my uchigatana we fought .
i gave some hits gave some back he glugged on his estus and me on mine !
he had given me some hits and i was out of my fiery juice of gwynland estus .
i fell falling to a platform that was underneath us .
i thought i had failed my task was ruined and incomplete .
the hoe and his summmoned must take on this beast of a man on their own ...
then i turn my camera to gaze one last time at my dear new friends..only to realize that the sunbro had a notched greatarrow that whole time and was waiting for a shot .
the other invader had preformed a gesture as to his false victory as the sunbro released the heavy shot .
the arrow made contact with the invader he flew off the other side landing only mere feet away from me .
i returned to my world with proudness in my heart and faith in humanity restored .
i sent the hoe of that world a message .
tl dr i invaded adventured attacked another invader but died .
then watched before returned to my own world the invader die .
i dont know about you guys but i feel like this game is far from being ready for release .
most of these problems should 've been fixed beforehand if they were planning on releasing this game .
4.awful game mechanics market limitations team storage not being team storage etc .
not going to list them all as we all know theres a ton more .
there are so many issues currently that i feel like when this game actually is f2p the game and imc will receive so much hate .
i love the game and enjoy playing it but the game would receive so much more praise if they fixed it before actual f2p release .
2 weeks till f2p and im personally worried for the future of this game .
i have an oculus at work cv1 and i play ed at lunch there i have clocked up 10 hrs in vr and had 200 hours before that in normal ed .
i 've basically taken my hotas to work now because theres no point me playing ed at home on a monitor .
playing on a monitor now feels like playing looking through a small letter box at the game .
with vr your not looking at a screen your basically there in the universe sure the text is a bit pixelated and the current vr headsets suffer from a weird lens bloom effect on bright objects but that really is negligible compared to the gains .
you really are totally immersed in the game looking left to have the nav panel pop up is awesome seamlessly looking round to visually track combat targets feels about as real as it can get .
everything about it is beyond anything i ever imagined 30 years ago when i first started playing video games .
i 've seen people on youtube with 3 projector setups costing 5k and they still dont have the immersion a 600 700 headset gives .
the only problem now is do i save up for my own headset at home i would need a new pc gpu too and if i do will it lead to divorce when it leads inevitably to me cutting myself off totally from my so with hours a night of vr ed ?
curious with the release of the pro if this will be the case .
excluding the final encounter of each mission in light side 2 battles all other encounters within the mission may now only spawn a maximum of three geonosian soldiers commanders or spies
light side 8 normal can spawn 6 tuskens rocking strength in numbers and those raiders will call in assists almost every bit as painful as the geonosians .
not that everyone including me has a fully geared obi-wan but even if we did he is so slow that bringing him for ability block does n't work .
i 'm just asking to please consider a similar option for tuskens who are basically geonosians for these purposes .
i already did teaming with microbes and posted it here .
i 'm starting nofap tomorrow and i had a question regarding porn induced fetishes .
throughout my years of porn i 've noticed that porn tastes have become quite extreme .
for example i first started watching solo and lesbian .
then that escalated to soft core which escalated to rough stuff which eventually escalated to the most extreme .
i got to a point where i 'm only interested in dp 's gangbang bukkakes .
i 've even tried searching for rape porn before .
my overall view of women is different now as well .
i can only see them as objects and i only wan to degrade them during sex .
what i wanted to know is if these fetishes go away ?
i made this hawker hunter replica a month or so back before 1.1 .
it was controllable but now i get this message http imgur.com/5h5ch0v about it not being controllable .
i tried replacing the cockpit itself still i get the same issue .
this also happened with this experimental craft http imgur.com/vysawbr heavily inspired by u/cupcakelanders .
it 's my first attempt at this kind of thing '' so it looks pretty rough .
i 'm using a few mods for parts is this possibly not conducting the controls to the engine surfaces etc ?
getting to the bonus and losing is annoying and takes up time .
so i started a new game and conquered flanders .
with most slots still empty i was tempted to spam some cities but it made me think .
flanders is coastal so it makes sense spam cities but the levy bonus to capital duchy does n't sound bad either .
i am curious about your building strategy castles or cities ?
i 'm an international student and i 'm having such a hard time deciding on which uni to commit to .
my goal is to study ux/ui design while also studying other aspects of design as i eventually want to shift focus to global innovations or perhaps interior design .
basically i have a bias on usyd as it seems to have a better overall reputation and provide a better experience but the old wilkinson building and facilities along with the seeming instability of the program scare me .
on the other hand numbers show that unsw is better for design and they have a new campus for this but i 'm not sure how much this matters in real life .
i really just want the best experience best learnings and facilities and that which would open more opportunities for the future .
also would you know if staying in one of these would significantly incur higher expenses ?
in case you want to know the details of what i 've researched so far here they are
usyd master of interaction design and electronic arts illumination design
orgs are accessible i suppose since it 's a huge campus
not sure about stability of the program info online is incomplete and not reponsive to queries
faculty building seems really old and not as nice as the main building and i 'm not sure if the facilities are good
higher ranking for arts and design 29 vs usyd 's 44 but i 'm not sure if this really matters to employers and in terms of what you learn
new paddington campus though i 'm not sure if facilities and teachings are significantly better
studies focus on leadership skills development not sure if this is better compared to doing an internship
less interesting electives no internship although they seem to have a similar 50hr work placement .
i 'm assuming the orgs are in the main campus so they 're less accessible
i am just thinking about stuff from the past .
it got me to thinking about how people on reddit react .
a person says they feel suicidal and the usual please do n't do it here is some fucking hotline '' schpeel is used .
but one thing i see is people calling them selfish .
a lot of the time this is in comments for stories about successful suicides but i occasionally see it used to try and dissuade the person .
the whole you 're selfish '' is blaming them for sadness others might feel .
never mind the fact people are putting someone else 's feelings above your own .
the thing for me here is there are cases where this will drive them further in .
when i get suicidal i convince myself i am the literal scum of the earth .
an inhuman sack of shit who is only dragging those around me down .
that people do n't care and that they want me gone .
in this state i am literally a parasite on society and the world .
the whole selfish routine only makes me feel like an even shittier person for ignoring others but that makes the spiral go past the consideration of feelings and only in deeper .
that 's how i ended up pulling a trigger on a gun whose barrel was pointed at my brain stem .
i just i do n't understand why people do it .
further upsetting an already unstable person seems very haphazard .
i currently have 17 keys and i really want a knife .
decided to post this one super early but it 's technically a saturday .
reason why is because i 'm heading out early tomorrow to the vaisakhi https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vaisakhi festival tomorrow morning to score some free/cheap food .
if you 're going let me know who knows maybe i 'll ask you something in person most likely where is the best free food ? .
to answer today 's question i 'm like the whitest kid you know https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=ngmczdoxsvo .
i often tell people i 'm a mutt of several european cultures but my ancestors have been in canada for so long it 's pretty much watered down .
i like to think i 'm culturally aware but i 'm not .
i know what not to call other cultures but that 's pretty much it .
i 've gotten better in the last few years in regards to being more opened to cultural experiences .
some hard lessons i 've learned by going to shindigs by my east indian friends ...
• never arrive on time according to the invitation it usually does n't start for another three hours .
• not being told about the secret dress code for a two year old 's birthday party .
how was i supposed to know a green lantern t-shirt was n't normal to wear to a kid 's birthday party ?
• the stuff in the punch bowl near what appeared to be crisps and plastic cups was n't supposed to be swallowed like a drink
• there 's eight courses of food for every single party .
it was the most fun i 've ever had going out and being social .
hey all i 'm returning to smite after being gone for awhile last god i saw released was ah puch i believe and trying to get into the conquest scene .
i 've always had a lot of play time in arena and assault because those were just more casual play styles but i 've been watching the spl and plenty of streamers like lassiz and really would like to give conquest a shot .
as the title states i 'm looking for someone to kind of be a coach per-se and give constructive feedback on how to improve .
i 'm not trying to go pro but i 've been out of the game for awhile and the metas have changed and would like to get back to average at least .
some of the things i 'm looking for are picks/bans build critiques optimizing jungle routes ward positioning gold management quickcast vs normal cast set ups .
i know smitefire and sites of the such have lots of guides on such things but there are so many of them and some seem to be conflicting .
today i woke up after 2-3 hours of sleep to get to work and i feel like dying inside .
i need to get some crap off my chest .
i am 21 year old male and it happens that i live in a poor country from europe .
i started a mechanical engineering college but at the age of 18 i made this decission not thinking about it very much and rather not to fall behind my friends .
i ended up failing a lot of my classes because i never felt any pleasure in the domain i 'm studying .
the only thing i like about college is that i am far away from home .
i grew up with my mother and we were so poor i do n't even want to describe it .
the money for my education came from one of my uncles who is bossy and yells at every mistake .
i absolutelt hate that sob and the fact that i was at his mercy .
i spent a lot of the little money i had because when i felt like crap i seeked comfort and happiness .
last summer break i got myself employed to make some money and i also took a break from weed .
growing up poor made me fall in love with the feeling that i can have my own money and spend it however i want .
after a few months i bought some more weed for a party and now i 'm hooked an everyday stoner .
however i do n't feel like weed has done bad things for me it just showed me that i am not happy studying here and working 8 hours a day for a few coins .
it showed me that i have potential and i can do something meaningful with the time i have here .
i am afraid to tell the truth to my family .
i want first to be independent and not rely on their money .
thinking about someone being proud of me brings tears to my eyes .
i feel so alone it 's so hard to express myself .
my dream is to do every single day the things i love and money should n't be the first thing on the list .
growing up poor made me hate a 9 to 5 job i do n't want my future kids to grow up like i did .
should i start fresh in a new and enjoyable domain quit weed work or just chill and enjoy life as it is ?
i play on pc with an xbox one controller and find that doing the kick while facing forward is much more difficult if not impossible for me than doing it behind .
is it hard to execute the kick for anyone else or just me ?
i remember one of the patch notes for a ds2 update said something along the lines of made it easier to execute a guard break . ''
i think they need to do that again for ds3 .
i found places claiming 2200 mhz and 2300 mhz .
i am wondering whether there are really that different upper bounds and what is the most common upper bound and if it can be given with more accuracy e.g .
background thinking about buying an additional e4000 based stick .
i recently jumped back to my ps3 to play some gta and noticed it 's running at 60fps .
i have n't played it for almost 2 years and was wondering did it always run at 60fps on the ps3 ?
i just got pm netplay on dolphin and loved it .
so i have an extra wii laying around so i thought that i would try to play some pm on it .
it installed correctly and even made it to the sss but the moment i try to play the game it goes 3,2,1 or ready ... ..if playing a melee stage then just freezes entirely with a weird buzzing noise .
i have searched the web and the closest i could find was this reddit post that was n't very helpful at all .
link https www.reddit.com/r/smashbros/comments/2cpfb0/project_m_wont_stop_freezing_after_stage i wonder how can i get this to work .
oce only has tt on a thursday friday and saturday between the hours of 3pm and 1am .
and yet today i 'm sitting here 3:08 and no tt .
twisted treeline is pretty much the only reason i still have lol installed .
and now because the stupid legend of the poro king '' is up we do n't get tt for the day ?
in the united states what does it mean when somebody is sentenced to 25 years to life in prison ?
does this mean that they are not eligible for parole until after they have completed their 25th year of imprisonment ?
check out bitswift.io kills bitcoin in confirmation times and will be accepted soon in gaming streams twitch poker etc .
i do n't know much about e-cigarettes but i 've followed the instructions press the button with the logo 3 times and nothing happens .
i 've tried charging it but there is no indication that its charging no lights at all .
does anyone have any idea if i am doing anything wrong or is my vape just doa ?
you do n't know anything about e or about the environment nothing .
you are thinking that i ca n't make probabilities like that and i get that .
but imagine you have a gun to the head and you have to give your best possible answer .
then i think we 'll agree that we would estimate p e 0.5 .
you get to see what happen and the even e does not happen .
then you are asked once again what is p e now ?
i see a rational of p e 0 and p e 0.25 .
my domestic short haired tabby george started coughing violently last night while cuddled up on my stomach .
after that he was wheezing pretty badly and acting very lethargic .
me and my girlfriend thought he might have gotten a hairball stuck cause we have another cat that 's a rag doll and he 's been shedding a lot lately .
we woke up this morning and his wheezing had n't gotten any better so we took him to the vet .
we knew it would n't be cheap since they told us he should get him x-ray 'd .
about 20 minutes later the doctor calls us back and she tells us it 's not good .
i forget the correct term she used but he had a tracheal collapse that was pretty close to his diaphragm .
the way she explained it it sounded like he did n't have any chance of recovering .
she put him on oxygen steroids did a feline leukemia test and a couple of other things .
a couple hours later she called us and let us know that he was doing a lot better and was acting more like his normal self named him after curious george .
she did also say that the test for leukemia came back positive and that it would be hard to tell if he would suffer complications from that .
i drove back down to pick him up went over his medications with the doctor and brought him back home .
she called me back a little bit after and said she 'd been looking at his x-ray 's more and she was concerned that he may have a mass from the leukemia pressing on his trachea and he 'd probably have to stay on his prednisolone .
he seems to be back to normal i have him separated from our other cat and i 'm try to keep his excitement level down .
his breathing sounds good and his breaths per minute are good until he starts purring then they increase but i do n't know how to keep him from doing that he 's just a happy cat .
my concern is are these meds just keeping him alive but suffering ?
he 's a very energetic cat and loves to play .
if i can even keep him calm is he going to have the same quality of life as before ?
probably a dumb question is there any coming back from a collapsed trachea ?
how much of a risk is he to our other cat ?
i should have asked our vet about these but i 've been balling all day and have had a hard time thinking straight .
i 'm a 25 year old recovering alcoholic with barely 2 years under my belt and he 's helped me so much .
he 's only about a year and a half and he 's such a unique cat .
i ca n't imagine him not jumping up on the chair to say goodbye to me when i go to work or playing fetch with his favorite brown mouse .
if he gets any sicker though i 'm not going to have a choice but to put him to sleep .
is there any hope for him or is it pretty slim ?
i have n't been able to find a league that fits what i 'm looking for and have considered starting one of my own .
from fees bylaws drafts scoring and other how to be a good commissioner '' guides but i want to be prepared for more unusual circumstances .
when using leaguesafe are there any possible problems with having the league vote on payouts ?
how much would the game change in terms of snowballing leads easier barons and vision control if scrying orb was removed from the game ?
it seems super lame to me that team do n't get punished for not having wards on baron bc they can get vision from fucking miles away .
unfortunately hello ladies has come to an end then he did a play in london ... has he got more stand-up on the way ?
separating the babies directly after breeding seems easy they fit through a 1 block hole .
but i do n't know how i should get the grown ups out of the baby pen .
adults on a light sensor below a water source swim up babies do n't .
what other ways of getting adult cows out of a baby pen or only slaughtering adult cows in a baby pen are there in modded ?
hey guys i 'm an asl 3 student and i am able help a lot of deaf people where i work .
one of the questions i ask most frequently is obviously can i get you a refill ? '' ...
so when i sign that i usually just say your drink you want full and i 've never had any weird looks or anything but i was just curious if maybe there 's a better way to phrase that .
also played a nice long st stephen great show overall
while i was with him tonight he was using the phone off and on carefully putting it into his jacket 's zippered breast pocket each time .
he pulls it out one time and said it 's cracked ! ''
the crack runs the full width of the phone almost bisecting it .
there is no indication of an impact and i know it was n't dropped i was right there !
for example he had his 5s for over three years and it looked nearly brand new ... without using a case .
so i 'm wondering if there are known issues with the glass cracking on the se .
we are going to talk with us cellular where he bought it and would love advice on getting it repaired/replaced under warranty .
i saw this happen once before so i thought of conducting a similar thread again
introduce yourself here in this thread people will ask you questions and you give the answers
pretty much simple and most of you know what to do because this has been done once before
let me introduce myself i am the red baron 14 amatuer music producer ama !
if you want to question me feel free to do so otherwise start your own ama by commenting
is there any way to tell if the tri horn bb emblem will be rolled into some future fob event reward ?
if not i have a hunch we unlock it after completing disarmament .
i 100 assumed hierophant/guardian es from mana would be scaled with es .
i 've recently been thinking that and this is a little off the deep end here maybe it 's bolvar that 's been corrupted by yogg and not arthas as arthas was already too warped by frostmourne and ner'zhul .
perhaps yogg noticed potential in bolvar instead and took his opportunity to go to town on him whilst bolvar was busy trying to keep the scourge in check .
after all bolvar is also present in the vision in yogg 's brain which means his presence is significant enough for it to be a moment that would be on his mind and be something he would taunt us with as he does when we actually go inside his brain .
this and the lingering essence of the lich king in the helm could be why we 're seeing a more active and wrathful bolvar in legion .
all that time alone up there sitting atop a citadel made from yogg 's blood could have a pretty devastating effect on the mind as distracted as bolvar 's must be whilst trying to keep untold amounts of rabid undead docile .
a good chunk of people cant even connect right now
i agree with you it probably wouldnt be that hard .
for me right now i think its just an interpretation thing .
like the capitialization and switches like identity vs i or identity val or identity val so its making it seem a little harder for me to understand initially .
i 'm sure if i used windows more than linux i 'd probably be leaning on ps enough to get used to it
there are a bunch of windows tasks at my current job that i want to automate to help people out .
this includes our onboarding process when a new user is created and they now must be added to duo as well to name one .
yes i have that medal on the void 's edge but i ca n't for love of solus get it on the algorithm !
he did n't set the world on fire but i thought aeynolds was pretty good last night .
there was a bit more guidance around the field than when he was out .
not the best audition for origin but i do n't think he hurt his chances .
this is the video of him schooling over the fence with no lead horse .
the first 3 are hurdles and the last is a chase fence .
if you click on my channel there is one more video of him doing some uphill training enjoy .
they say those babies do n't feel pain or emotions but i 'm not so sure .
would n't the brainstem take over some functions of the missing parts of the brain ?
would n't the brainstem be enough to feel something ?
i agree that men should n't be forced to be drafted against their will but the solution to that injustice is n't to spread it upon women .
if you support spreading injustices upon other groups in order to attain equality then do you support 60 million infant boys being killed in order to reach equality with the fact that males outnumber females by 60 million globally due to female infanticide ?
it took way too long to figure out that everyone was wearing '42 '
often multilingual reps are skilled '' for both types of caller and will therefore receive both over the course of their day .
the call center is not going to let the spanish speaking reps chill out while there are callers in queue .
probably one of the most underrated movies in terms of utter stupidity .
i have friends and co-workers who have n't seen either jurassic park or star wars .
sometimes i feel like byakuya gets his moves dodged to much and is slightly worse probably because i do n't have the right links nor maxed tree on him .
you and the team are an inspiration keep it up and show em what you got in the finals
he 's 13 he does n't need yeezy 's lol .
a 1000 pair of shoes needs someone who will take care of them a 13 year old is n't one of those people .
if you want him to get something memorable get him an xbox game you know he 'll love or a ps4 or something .
my best moments from that age were playing xbox with my friends .
he 's also 13 and has n't really gotten a style yet
eh nothing i want to pay for to lower the shipping .
i probably need to have a list ready of 'free shipping ' items that i want .
congrats and hope you have a wonderful life together ☺️
and of course choo choo here comes the gold train ! ''
got sick last week and blindly trying to will this persistent caught away .
wayne gretzky is the best player the edmonton oilers ever had also the best player hockey has ever had .
aww maybe if someone offered her a mod position she 'd feel welcome .
went to see fall out boy perform and he went on earlier .
as a guilty pleasure i have enjoyed some of his songs .
but i actually enjoyed jessie j more than derulo .
it was n't a music act it was a dancing act .
between the lip-syncing he uttered a word or two completely out of breath .
building up to the moment he could finally take his shirt off .
no i had n't even heard he was making a new series .
i will have to check them out thank you for telling me
what little cosmetic surgeries would you have if they were as cheap and ubiquitous as they are in the us ?
cosmetic surgeries are one of the last remaining purely private medical treatments in the us so it 's much more telling to look at those when you try to imagine what a private system would be like rather than truly important care which has been severely depressed due to government intervention .
it 's cheap relatively it 's ubiquitous and if you ca n't afford it but there is a need say children with cleft palettes doctors will often perform them for free .
that 's what medicine and indeed all human needs are like when you get government out of the private relationship between buyers and sellers .
make poor decisions use another brand to fix it .
also this device reminds me of that vero 3d printed dna200 mod .
edit as u/abductediguana pointed out he was also born in 1988 a year of the dragon !
i definitely have mom issues so i 'm with you there .
i have only sent my mom a handful of times over the past 13 months .
funny thing is she has n't called me either .
looks like i 'll get a ticket in 9 .
are the rows much the sameness or are there some better than others ?
and here 's the original for the curious folks https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=dddhspohfc4
cool thanks for doing this good idea to get the real sub thoughts
carmart throws a 6-pitch inning and melville ca n't find the strike zone .
which should be the south side since that is where most of the sun is right ?
if you 're getting a meal and adding things with a coffee you 're under tipping at 3
21st century america freedom and i ca n't watch the game online .
aldrich is pretty much the best spot for pvp that ive been in .
when you invade as anyone you 're likely to get an aldrich that may or may not help you out .
i love when kay gets pissed off just like we do
is the case challenging to put on or take off ?
cool i meant to ask if they started cell production .
my first table top game i dm 'd had a shit story but i was way better at improv than writing so one player made his character a tyrannosaurus and became a police officer instead of following the plot and it was some of the most fun we 've ever had .
you may have been put in a different dz bracket
there are only 100 possible number combinations after the decimal which is what determines if the total is an even dollar amount or not
if your post had said that nenshi was our new prime minister or something else positive about him the mods would have left it alone .
it 'd be pretty sweet if the road was the same and centered during different seasons .
twi promised a product that would be delivered in increments much like the drink-appetizer-entree format of a restaurant .
they have gone passed the time frame they gave to complete their product and they owe their customers an explanation as to where the rest of their purchase is .
yeah you ca n't pull that stupid bullshit cop-out excuse when demo still sucks 6 months later and fighting hans is still as much fun as pulling teeth despite promises of community involvement in development .
is pennsylvania as monochromatic as i 've been lead to believe ?
i made a friend in ny a few months back and she said she rarely saw anyone who was n't white .
perhaps that 's just the area she was from though .
edit to be clear i met the friend who is from pennsylvania in ny
that said i would smash the shit out of my bare foot on that old sewing machine leg .
do n't tell baustita we call porcello 'pork ' .
he 'll go all isis hulk and start hammering the ball .
i made it to 150 p-5 just before the new weapons and the game is way harder now .
guys fly around on little hovers and shotgun giant mechs .
i 'll be honest i do n't want this hero in the game .
there are also the council run free active and healthy programs .
yeah the obama reference was intentional i know it triggers you guys .
i do n't think you can call yourself real supporters '' unless you get some skin in the game .
i 'm no fan of political correctness either which is why i 'm on this sub i love arguing talking to people with different views from me .
trump fans from what i 've seen largely are n't like this and will kick you out be it virtually or physically if you are n't a fellow trump supporter .
in my opinion that insistence on having an ideological safe space '' hurts your legitimacy .
s4p may have a reputation for being ban-happy but we actually get frequent threads from hillary or trump supporters that do n't get downvoted to oblivion .
in the donald i 'd get called a cuck and immediately banned .
i like this one https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=0ak7ip-gahi better the male rapper i do n't know who he is jdon i guess is way better than iron imo and there 's no censoring or shitty mnet cuts
that sounds like a smart ass comment but you 're right .
not being able to afford a less expensive procedure say something like 800 which for dental is cheap .
time goes by and now you need a root canal .
but thing is you now have 6 teeth like that .
as we learned in frank millers the dark knight returns .
this goes beyond us culture and you 're right in that it is n't just atheists .
i focus on atheists in this question because most other people do n't use dante 's hell '' as an argument for the immorality of christianity .
i told someone they were full of shit in the forums and nothing happened to me ...
have n't tried the eat a fat dick one yet though
would love to spread those cheeks eat that ass !
compare him to velajuel one extra cooldown turn for the shield .
why did you lock me in the basement for 3 days ?
they democrats and republicans are n't going to allow sanders or trump obtain the nomination .
but if you do n't think this is one of the worst you 're kidding yourself .
another flaw in your plan is have you ever tried adding people on hs '' your plan suggests spreading the word how are you doing that if they do n't add you .
is the nearest i 'm aware of and it 's part of a r/promethease report
the guards of the gate were robed in black and their helms were of strange shape high-crowned with long cheek-guards close-fitting to the face and above the cheek-guards were set the white wings of sea-birds but the helms gleamed with a flame of silver for they were indeed wrought of mithril '' heirlooms from the glory of old days .
upon the black surcoats were embroidered in white a tree blossoming like snow beneath a silver crown and many-pointed stars .
this was the livery of the heirs of elendil and none wore it now in all gondor save the guards of the citadel before the court of the fountain where the white tree once had grown.-rotk minas tirith '' page 25
aragorn uses it as an heir of elendil and it existed before he came to the throne .
i think it 's totally rational to give a dollar to someone on the off chance it might help me get what i want later .
it 's rational because it 's only a dollar to me .
i can afford to throw it away if i 'm wrong and if i 'm right then i benefit by a lot more than a dollar .
it would be less rational if instead of a dollar it was my entire annual salary .
as in the case of games designer zoe quinn who was targeted in gamergate ''
why do they keep calling her a games designer/developer ?
i do n't think they were saying they do n't believe that it happens but that it 's nearly unthinkable that a parent would reject a child like that .
years back curvy kate had the mocha colorway in the old daily boost bra which has been discontinued in favor of the daily dream .
i do n't see the mocha colorway anywhere on the site which really sucks because it leaves a lot of people out in the cold when it comes to a neutral bra that suits their skin tone .
nubian skin is planning to expand their size range but i 'm not sure when though .
aerie used to do different color neutrals but unfortunately it seems like those have been discontinued .
how are the blues supposed to win when they 're playing against chicago the refs and toronto ?
do n't think a tower could get close enough to get on top .
i actually was looking to do that last year .
i started off looking for a plot of land and was going to build a small building first that would eventually become my sauna after i built the main house i was looking for off-grid living .
but in the midst of my search the opportunity to buy an already existing house on a nice plot of land kinda fell into my lap .
the price was good and the place was gorgeous so i went for it .
in some ways i would have liked to build it myself design it how i wanted and not have quite the same sized mortgage but in another sense it 's nice to have a comfortable house that is livable and only needs some minor finishing work .
where i live there 's no point saying the area code because everybody 's is the same .
probably just a tough habit to break when you move away
i 'm leaving this comment because i think you 're posting about possible jailbreak downgrade or upgrade options for ios 9 .
9.1 jailbreak ios 9.1 is jailbreakable if you have a 64-bit device .
9.2-9.3.1 jailbreak ios 9.2.x and 9.3.x are not jailbreakable with any tool .
there is no eta for the jailbreak and nobody knows when it will come
downgrades/upgrades it is not possible to downgrade or upgrade your device to ios 9.0-9.1
nobody knows which ios version is best to be on in preparation of any potential jailbreak it could come out for any version .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/jailbreak if you have any questions or concerns .
i hate when people leave their lane to ks my lane and his lane loses a tower because of it .
dudley 's compensation package had been 16.3 million in 2014 and is due to increase by about 3.3 million for 2015 because the company 's financial performance exceeded expectations .
is n't that getting increased compensation for good management '' ?
he saved it from being worse than it is now .
usually things like that pop '' when you 're through them .
wow we needed that what a performance by our cy young winner !
i just looked it up and could n't find anything about it anymore .
all i could find was that other company too .
even though we started off terrible last season and ended up with 98 wins we still lost in the wildcard game .
i do n't want that to happen again but it 's looking more and more like it since the rest of the nlc are n't showing any signs of slowing down .
this sounds similar to the headaches i have been getting throughout pregnancy .
the chicago csn feed showed a very clear shot that it was .
three months of listen to that jackass and diaz ?
i 'm going to have to put my mcgregor filter back on res .
i ca n't wait for a mike trout grand slam in the top of the 9th .
i can know their parts by looking at them . ''
but i ca n't really ... talk to them . ''
however your submission https www.reddit.com/r/sandersforpresident/comments/4f058j/debbie_wasserman_schultzs_terrible_answer_for did not meet the requirements of the community guidelines https www.reddit.com/r/sandersforpresident/wiki/rules and was therefore removed for the following reason s
rule 3 material posted on r/sandersforpresident should include significant and overt references to bernie or the campaign .
posts which contain general political information non-bernie related should be posted on r/politics or r/politicaldiscussion .
if this submission is to a link that does not meet the above criteria but you believe would contribute to r/sandersforpresident consider writing a text post with appropriate bernie-relevant framing and the current link to spark insightful discussion .
if this submission is already a text post consider resubmitting with more substantial bernie-relevant framing .
if you have any specific questions about this removal please message the moderators https www\.reddit\.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fsandersforpresident subject=about my removed submission message=i 'm writing to you about the following submission https www.reddit.com/r/sandersforpresident/comments/4f058j/debbie_wasserman_schultzs_terrible_answer_for .
hateful or vague messages will not receive a response .
but seriously why does it look so ... not bad but ... different ?
i think the more pertinent question might be what may happen with us-russian relations before the election if russian war planes continue to buzz united states navy destroyers .
yeah i probably take that street a bit too fast .
a bunker or closed door secured by secret service and security yes .
there 's actually a lot of reasons why they could differ but we have no way of knowing that because she refuses to release them .
if they were like the public speeches then why would she deflect and admittedly refuse ?
its interesting how you call out sanders desperation '' yet ignore your own blind ignorance .
message me the specific items you 're interested in i 'm sure she will do i bulk deal of some kind .
also i wish the posts were n't so huge and that imgur links would open in preview gallery mode rather than visiting the site
leblanc can not burst you inside of tahm kench .
if it looks ok and has the same consistency you should n't have a problem .
it 's astonishing how many mental gymnastics you are willing to perform in order to convince yourself that child birth is as bad as getting limps blown off or being castrated and starved to death .
lastly child birth is a choice those men had no choice .
they were forced into war and forced to die horrible deaths .
if the government ran a site in 2016 with the heading females need to have babies .
it 's what a women 's got to do . ''
by blaming men for your problems does that alleviate guilt you carry for not living up to your expectations ?
if you have literally forever getting stuck is a non-issue .
i really liked it i enjoy when i am being encouraged while pleasuring .
it 's what you give your secretary instead of a raise
i personally liked the red uniforms for the bills .
no idea what color the jets will go with .
no teams had a white color rush last year right ?
graduated top of his class from the rcmp academy and immediately enlisted into the private armies of tim horton 's which were slowly being built up as other fast food corporations around the world followed suit .
after all they had already conquered the people 's stomachs the only thing left to do was conquer the people themselves .
the world 's governments gradually lost their grip on the people and in 2050 the world was redrawn with new borders .
david cassidy rose up the ranks until he reached the position of brigadier general of the new tim hortons republic and had led his country to numerous victories .
his track record was something you 'd read in a myth .
he singlehandedly dismantled the wings hegemony headed by buffalo wild wings and wingstreet .
he sank the entire long john silver 's naval fleet a country rumored to have been the ultimate naval power in the world .
and stories of his scorched earth run through of the chipotle confederacy were spoken of as the stuff of legend .
and now here he was poised over what may be the biggest upset in the history of the world ... or at least of the past decade .
general cassidy walked into the mission briefing room and was immediately greeted by his aide de camp marcus fischer a promising rookie who cassidy discovered during his campaign in imperial sarku japan .
arbytopia 's forces have been cut through and they 've withdrawn from our plans.
damn them i thought we outlawed chemical warfare at the last convention.
the subway states are in disarray after their commanding general jared fogle iii has been arrested for impeding justice trying to cover up the tween pornography charges of his father jared fogle jr.
cadbury prime is still recovering with their bout with hersheyland during the second cacao wars the west cornwall pasty country is going through a revolution and the abp alliance seems to want nothing to do with any of this.
no damnit the prime minister has expressly told me that this operation is to follow through with one hundred percent commitment.
he was going through a 20 pack of timbits during the mission brief so it was hard to understand him.
suddenly their conversation was interrupted by an intelligence officer .
we 've just received this dispatch from our spies on the front !
cassidy took the piece of paper from the officer and scanned it .
it seems the united caloric states had made their movie earlier than intended .
red and yellow tanks had appeared over the horizon with flags emblazoned with their dictator 's image his lord highness the grand emperor ronald mcdonald .
it was a surprising move but for a seasoned veteran such as cassidy certainly one that could be overcome .
you 've been getting away with murder all game .
you underestimate the speed at which torrents show up .
most games are up literally twenty minutes after release .
though in my experience gmg is pretty fast with keys so it 's likely he 'll be able to pre-load anyway .
they 're toxic and need to be removed from your life asap .
if it 's anything like my cats they get down there without you knowing about it .
say you go down to the basement to get something from the laundry and head up less than 30 seconds and the cat darts down there and fucking hides and then you do n't notice till you hear the meowing hours later .
i 'm drunk too and bengals are going 16-0 and nobody can convince me otherwise .
on another note hawkeye vodka is literally the worst vodka ever invented .
on the outside it looks like perhaps a return to form in classic arena shooters from a bygone era .
once you go beneath the surface you find a cynically made game that did n't take any good mechanics from the classic fps arena genre and just made it into another halo .
clunky ui takes about an 8th of the screen real estate a crap engine that ca n't go above 60 fps and can barely even get to 60fps on my machine 980 gtx and to top it all off no server browser .
this game will die a quick death on pc solely because of lack of browser .
not to mention the numerous other reasons why this game is n't worth your time or bandwidth it takes to download it .
looks like a 22mm or maybe that 's just perspective being funny .
my vote for the hart trophy is blues fan 's livers
why they feel like they always have to keep up with fashion
i just do it for the ted cruz memes and anti-sjw stuff
crocodiletears well it used to be surprise but i have this weird obsession whit sunset right now .
i do n't understand why people think this will suck .
is it because they are using a different lead actor ?
was n't young indiana jones and the sequence at the start of indy three pretty cool ?
i 'm using the farron gs which is classified as an ugs .
i use it like a dex-scaling zweihander and it has a nice built-in dagger parry that i 've still yet to master .
top to bottom koko candy posie dolce 22 mary jo true brown kourt like literally so cute .
i wear mac nc15 concealer nars chantilly concealer and lorac np-1 foundation .
the glosses are my least favorite due to the first launch applicator .
yeah it 's located under the wishful thinking tab .
but in all seriousness the various british accents just sounds good to us .
i do n't know why they 're just pleasant to listen to .
you can have authorization based on plex credentials but not needed .
while i like the nation building and many other aspects of meruru i still think that totori has the edge on some things .
more chims you get to keep your warpgate in ng etc .
all of the bitching i have done is this thread is starting to pay off d
quick question guys since i started following this conflict and is started noticing more and more syrians in my community .
i am very surprised at their proficiency in the english language .
most recently my barbershop hired a syrian refugee and he was telling how him and his brother walked thought the desert from dez to jordan border when they heard of the isis advance .
i mean his english is n't perfect but he can communicate pretty well .
just wondering if anyone knows what kind of english education they receive in syria .
i also noticed many people on this sub reddit who claim to be in syria have very good english writing skills .
i love how later on they complain about how the companion read dude only thread should not exist then one lady starts bringing in quotes from that companion thread .
every time i find an interesting article analyzing the election that is kinda clinton-positive or at least ambivalent and i come on here and find it has 50 upvotes .
it 's a fucking echo chamber here and i ca n't wait for sanders to finally lose so we can shed these bernie zombies .
for those in knife maintenance the difference is significant and meaningful .
different actors in a domain have different interests and level of detail significance .
i love this team but this is the worst red wings team since the clinton administration .
barely a playoff team at best if we 're being honest .
do n't get me wrong this is fun hockey to watch and i 'm sure it will be iconic for tampa bay .
but if we 're being honest this does n't compare to aves hawks sharks pens arguably even ducks .
so i 'm in cali and watching the as channel .
oh and they showed ryan madson all depressed looking .
frys had the happy home 3ds bundle at 200 with the coupon code it was 169 .
you got ta keep your eyes out for the good deals
the stuff yore talking about is n't deep web '' like you need tor or something .
i can find literally every gore or torture porn video you 've seen in the he deep web '' on google .
first fans are ok aka stop bitching with a 2.5 '' x 2.5 '' patch and then it just keeps increasing in size until you have it like soccer where your main logo is 2.5 '' x 2.5 '' and ford/ge/anheiser busch/whatever corporate sponsor is the size of the lettering that goes across the chest of many jerseys .
i have been pronounced d.o.a twice in my stay here on earth .
it ai n't anything like the preachers crack it up to be .
hope she hatches with the right gender and ability !
im about to move up to dm over frozen from cap 2 and have n't even hit my first 90 days yet .
the plus side with working in cap2 is that you get so many asms ' supports and the grocery co overlooking you .
this is a very good thing if management is good and you are a hard worker .
maybe they already had someone in mind when the spot opened up but rest assured you are probably next in line to take a spot within management .
i would go with the lenovo for 799 with an intel core i7-6700hq processor .
that is faster than the dell which is probably good for the mecheng applications you mention .
its gtx950 graphics card should be more than enough for lol .
i carry 'em in my kit i know plenty of other guys that do too .
i can say this much i found the length of time before an inactive account is disabled to be unnecessarily lengthy before learning of their resurrection antics .
after reading what the site has to say about closing accounts it could actually take nearly a year before an inactive account is permanently closed .
well if a person has not logged in during the space of say 8 months it 's a fairly good bet that they wo n't be coming back .
not only do these wayward members return but are showered with luck in winning the latest give away only to disappear again in short order !
who knows maybe one of the readers here who 've found themselves locked out will soon win a new laptop !
i 'm sure that all efforts will be made to insure that the prize will make it to the rightful winner .
summer 's down here are pretty bad to be fair .
maybe it 's from a life time of staying indoors where the video gaems are but my brown central american skin does not do well in the summertime sun in london !
i do n't know enough about the jersey sun though to be fair .
i have n't sunk low enough to find out .
i went to egypt in november and loved it .
i prepared for a year monitoring the news and made sure to stick to the established tourist areas .
heck if i had the money i 'd go back .
i felt almost spoiled to have all the tourist sites to myself .
just came back from a us trip and i was overwhelmed by how many people there were jostling for space to see this or that .
i was alone in king tut 's tomb i could find empty rooms in the egyptian museum .
i went into and on top of a pyramid by myself and i sat alone in the magnificent temple of abu simbel for a while .
whenever i hear shinsuke theme i imagine it being played during a fight scene in naruto .
and i mean that is the best way possible .
the sustained performance mode '' is a big deal .
it is basically an option to turn off the automatic power management of the phone .
as phones have no way to actively cool their cpu/gpu with fans the only way to cool down a hot phone is to throttle the speed which in turn can reduce the framerate .
this works well with regular apps where you have shorter bursts of high performance activity and a lower framerate is n't problematic .
but due to the amount of graphics rendered for multiple cameras vr apps are computationally demanding all the time and dropping below 60fps will cause nausea for many .
as phones primarily throttle down because they are running too hot the other reason would be saving battery power you can not simply turn off throttling without finding another way to reduce power consumption .
one way to do this is to reduce the render resolution e.g .
render only at 1280 x 720 and have the gpu scale up the image to 1920 x 1080 .
the oculus mobile sdk has provided this since the beginning it was introduced into the cardboard sdk some time ago and the latest unity 5.4 beta now supports the buggy vrsettings.renderviewportscale to dynamically adapt visual accuracy to performance problems from frame to frame .
so using the sustained performance mode will require developers to actively reduce power consumption themselves but it will allow higher performing vr apps as it will no longer be necessary to leave a lot of performance headroom to avoid speed throttling .
this may be a baby step but a very important one as the only practical way to achieve this was by changing the power management within the operating system .
good glad something is being done must have sucked for all the voters who waited in the hot weather .
i thinks it 's because a lot hate has been thrown towards men in these recent years with the whole femi-nazis movement not to be mistaken for the feminism movement which is valid and the whole all men are pigs '' mentality
it 's great at times then stupid at others . ''
it somehow manages to balance the bad and the good to make it enjoyable .
yeah i know what you mean about people being scared of early access we thought about it for a while but to us it 's basically a guarantee that we 're going to be adding a lot more to the game !
demo is a good idea but it would take a decent bit of extra time to set up maintain a demo but you can essentially get a demo by just buying the game on steam and if you do n't like it just refund it i have no issues with this
i know you 've protected my speech but in another way you 've only extended people 's interest in this dead and useless subreddit .
i misread the score but now i 've proven that i 'm in the future with the myers hit
also live in cali and i also do n't like the laws but honestly where i live i feel safe enough to not need to carry a weapon though i do n't know about other places
i was wondering what they were talking about regarding color codes and all that .
actually i think a pajama would look pretty nice on my summoner damn i wish this outfit design would n't de just a guild thing .
we all should be free to design what we want to wear ... or not wear ...
yes and all that truly brilliant technology is useless as tits on a boar hog if you do n't pull the trigger ...
it 's just my opinion but i think this whole thing was bullshit on a stick .
this was a stupid provocative move from the soviets .
you make move of an attacking known hostile force ?
and the u.s.. you idiots ... you just made us look like a bunch of sitting duck pussies to allow a known hostile fighter to close on a u.s. navy ship with an attack posture and then get so close if you sneezed you 'd spray on it !
the us said the mig 's were n't armed .
well no shit scooter you let 'em get so close you could see it for yourself .
what about when they were 300 miles out and closing at close to mach 1 did you know that then ?
they could launch a mach 5 missile and we 'd be hard pressed to counter/defend in that time .
we should have blown their asses out of the sky .
i have n't watched much tennis in the last 2 months at all but just looking at the line murray 205 and going up to 230 would scare me to stay the f away .
if i had to pick i 'd lean rafa based on the line only .
when it seems too good to be true ... .
it 's all too ... crazy now nothing is remarkable about any one armor set .
reach and halo 3 had something simple and elegant about their armor customization ... .
there 's nowhere for the cotton to go on the other side of the original .
smm was saying you could do dual verticals but that was it .
tell him why you think you have bpd and listen to his perspective .
it might be possible that do n't have it .
also ask why he thinks that what does he mean by stable and what does stable mean ?
there are many people who are set to troll for no real reason even before queuing .
this is not a defense to tyler1 though that behaviour is not acceptable regardless of reason or not behind it .
the tones went off in the firehouse sound system .
dispatch engine 5 possible overdose 167 maple street . ''
i looked over to murphy who had just tried to cook some eggs but the oven auto kicks off during any call we get .
i set my coffee down and jet to the engine .
captain edgar rips the paper from the printer with the address and jumps in the front seat .
we pull up to the house no one outside .
we knock on the door and a woman with blue eyes terror across her face opens the door .
before we entered the house i see a man with pale skin and a prominent boney structure .
he pulls his arm up as an innocent 9year old girl with moms blue eyes walks up to her mom for comfort .
the boney man impales the syringe with a lethal dose of methamphetamine into the small girls leg .
i could hear her heart die in that moment .
the girl begins collapsing as the drug takes effect .
her mother lifts her from the floor in her arms .
the nine year old with now snow pale skin begins struggling to breathe .
we begin helping her breathe but the dose was just too much .
her mother watched her daughter convulse with the last spasms of life .
9 years of growing up together flashed before her eyes .
the happy memories the sad memories all of the memories the mom and daughter made played in her eyes .
the man who injected the meth was overdosing in the corner himself .
the mother sprang to her feet and yelled point blank at the mans deathly blank stare .
you fucking piece of shit you took my baby girl you fucking in human heartless monster . ''
every word she spoke brought haunting chills up my back .
they remind me of those people who when you tell them they 're being idiots they just say that geniuses are n't always recognized in their time .
love including my car in outdoors shots for scale and fun but sometimes feel like a mazda commercial d
a man who did n't have a real job until he was 40. who could n't take care of his own child to the point that his son does n't call him dad to this day .
he 's slowly becoming one of my favourite redwing .
right now no team pisses me off as much as the lightning .
their stupid fans want a penalty after every hit and just start chanting refs you suck '' when they do n't get it and their players are something else .
especially johnson who somehow has a more punch able face than gallagher .
captaink0rea1 we are two good players need a third for trials lighthoused on multiple occasions
however there is another version of the bitcoin client called bitcoin classic .
when classic get 's 75 support it will start mining 2mb blocks .
r/bitcoin has banned all discussion of classic and blocks bigger than 1mb because it 's run by someone who 's trying to profit from bitcoins currently low block size .
i think the debate is probably over in most respects but the solution is being blocked by big money interests .
what is it with chinese people and them always giving 0 fucks ?
enjoy the time you had and look forward to seeing your next girl .
honestly please do n't get fixated on this one girl .
generally speaking good but would n't pursue it beyond that in the moment .
powerlifting not me specifically s i started lifting in my teens and do n't compete now anyway .
however plenty of guys at my gym who do started at 20 even 40 and are competitive on a regional or state level .
but i so wanted him to pull the trigger .
fiesta is crazy fun and always provides an interesting experience .
niosa is by far my favourite event 10/10 would recommend .
went to alamo heights night today and it was pretty nice .
if you 're looking for fun gay events this weekend the heat is having a foam party tomorrow night .
if you have unlocked the bootloader you could reflash the image
wow at one point i was happy about these companies making things cheaper for the customers .
but when they piss off their money without providing any benefit to the customer it becomes a bit weird .
or you just put those high ilvl items on another character
mcgregor should be defending the fw belt not the mcgregor belt .
tate/nunes this was the only fight that really made sense .
nunes has earned her shot and i hate instant rematches .
only fight that would have arguably made more sense is a ronda rematch .
the fight should go to maia or wonderboy woodley has n't earned a shot .
literally any knife would be good for 17 keys .
but not all mathematical constructs necessarily correspond to any physical process or object for example so far as i am aware there is nothing in nature that remotely resembles a nonstandard model of peano arithmetic and yet we can certainly understand things about such structures .
what about the chopped off head you find in a basement ?
and i 'm glad to have helped bernie get an international platform for his campaign .
after getting one shotted by rof hacks yes a new one is out then being slaughtered trying to carry a random in falcon my friend went crazy and deconstructed his 200dps 100k health gun and did a leroy jenkins then died disconnected .
they said they fixed the rate of fire thing .
i 'm a developer so i know what a developer with no clue does .
if you know what you 're doing then you say you do x and it 's done .
i know that if i designed this i would use signing/encryption to verify client-server comm and i could tell my boss with a straight face it 's fixed .
i do n't mean to bring it up again if you do n't want to talk about it but ... '' she looks concerned .
and yet you leave openings for belts to come through instead of underground belts ?
replies directly to op must not be mere jokes one-sentence answers anecdotes that do n't explain the concept or explanation-less links to outside sources .
exceptions clarifying on-topic questions and links to relevant previous eli5 posts are permitted .
they also were n't watching it happen right in front of them virtually a stone 's throw from where they were .
when is de blasio gon na put an end to these senseless shorty fires burning on the dance floor ? ! ''
did a double take on that one and then rewound it four times .
man it 's hard to keep that de7 off my board .
the phaser 's made by a company called tiger from the 70 's .
i believe they were essentially guyatone before guyatone existed and it 's so legit .
unfortunately the switch on it is kinda wonky so i only use it for recording .
the large white one is just an old small clone wrapped in white tolex .
it got beat to hell over time so i gave it a new look .
for sure there are times in which i do feel the same but at the end of the day it just comes back to the point that
prior to actually playing ss i 've never played or experienced any mobile games .
great player art interesting game system and quite a lot of team building behind it !
i 'm definitely not one of the best players or even a lucky soccer spirits player as well but i sure as hell enjoy the game and the positive side of the community that has grown with it .
even when i 'm feeling pretty shitty who am i kidding ?
salty about the nerf hammer that has hit my team over the past year or my luck compared to others i 'm still very happy to see passionate players posting their stuff .
even if they 're not top of the ladder players seeing specialized content from the likes of cart9 and yourself even good ol ' viktorya/marisachu is always great to see .
it really shows off the passion you have for the game and i truly respect that .
while for sure recent times have been leaving something to be desired .
when the changes that rectify the current issues come i 'm sure things will be bustling once again .
until then thanks to everyone who 's sticking through it and thanks for being around !
you 're the community that the moderation team has volunteered their time to in order to make sure the subreddit is a great place for you to read and discuss almost everything that is soccer spirits !
also the 3k subs event should be released within the next few hours !
8 games is practically counting for every single match since the event started .
you 're not going to get back in with that possession with intent to distribute charge
there 's absolutely no way they could have kepts the atb rpg system .
even people who loved ffvii back in the day would have likely hated it this time round just cause gameplay has moved on so much since then .
i appreciate what they 're trying to do with ffvii and hope that it can be a game i get to love and enjoy for a second time .
i 'm never reading twilight that shit is messed up .
when you have to think where to cut what not to cut in such a difficult moment too it 's important that you stay focused on what you 're doing .
this shit happens to me with the smallest cases .
i look like i 'm zoning out but i actually zone into the case to think what 's there to do .
as a landlord yes this is not your problem .
it 's not like it was a separate issue it 's caused by part of the original plumbing problem .
i am curious as to what job would put that much sediment in the line .
in my already tangled continuity ... it might be more related to either marc of the shinigami
this is lard-ass tolman 's last chance to post 50 before he 's dropped from fantasy
i didnt mind cloud atlas either but it did look weird as fuck .
hahaha full metal alchemist in particular really does a number on my skin p
i tested having all my social media notifications off brightness to 0 vibrates off search for wifi in the b/g off enabled battery saver greenify app and always clear all my background apps and some more features i try .
i used every tip online i could find through every forum thread and i still can barely get like 4-5 hours with my extended battery .
by turning the screen off i meant that when i use it it just drains crazy and pisses me off .
like i 'm literally just sending a few texts or on wifi and scrolling through some social media and it 's goes down 1 every 2 minutes .
if i ran this phone in all it 's glory and most of it 's out of the box features i would probably get like an hour out of it lol .
if you liked death note then code geass is required watching .
it 's the only anime ever made that is anything like death note mainly because it 's not like anything else ever made .
so yeah i ca n't recommend it enough to a death note fan .
death note is my all time favorite anime and code geass is my second favorite .
when you look at the show at first it may seem weird but trust me the main character is just like light and it has many things in common with death note .
i know you said you do n't want any high school protagonists but the protagonist is a high school senior which is the same age light was in the first part of death note aka the l arc
and for my fav the last shadow puppets and lcd were a blast .
play the game how you want i support this d
to other users posting on this thread and not to the submitter of this particular thread offering on price check and question threads is not allowed .
failure to abide by this rule may result in a temporary or permanent ban .
sharking is not tolerated here and any attempt made will result in a permanent ban .
please refer to our subreddit 's rules as well if you have any doubts .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/globaloffensivetrade if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm a fan of choking victim and the many other variations of the crack rock steady scene .
in the early 2000s i saw them and they were great then having grown up a bit i saw them again in 2012 .
stza was the biggest lamest piece of shit ever .
no moshing no stage diving blah blah blah . ''
he attempted to make the crowd just sit and watch as they rehashed lamely old songs .
he threatened to stop the show after a stage dive .
more than a few of us felt the need to chuck empty and full beer cans at his stupid cracked out head .
tldr stza is a junky bitch that deserves all the shit .
who woulda though that the knights game would be the only one today where a captain was n't on the bench .
maybe we should invade en-masse and start giving good advice d
it 's almost like the whole american foreign policy is dictated by keeping the dollar afloat despite insane debt .
serious medical and technological advances probably cloning or you know good internet in fucking canada .
but it 's got a fuckload of energy in it and being a capacitor it can dump it out pretty much instantaneously .
so it 's not flammable but it can start fires quite well .
depending on what the documents show sure this may end up showing bad judgement by somebody whose last name is clinton .
but unless i 'm reading this wrong has nothing to to with the clinton foundation having a record of spending most of its money to raise more money . ''
lol i would 've laughed my ass off too .
let 's just try to get rid of both of them i do n't think we need to rank them constantly .
i 've just watched them enough to say that they 're not playing like the same region that shat the bed at worlds .
rox are looking amazing but they 're not unbeatable .
lin is top 30 in fouls drawn per game .
everyone ahead of him plays atleast 32 minutes a game most significantly more and he plays only 26 .
the issue is that the majority of those guys have also been flagrant fouled according tot he league
but even helen keller would n't fuck him cause he has the type of ugly that you can feel
one of the common calls we would get at the marine mammal rescue center i worked at was one involving sea otters raping the bodies of dead harbor seals .
lightning can cause fire if it hits something flammable .
no republicans think that way white democrats more get blinded by charm i.e .
a charming/good looking male candidate bill clinton/jfk ... probably why sanders is n't going to win the nomination imagine if sanders was a charming 45-50 year old guy instant win ... .white republicans fall for the alpha thing i.e .
donald trump/reagan ... .black people had a better reason for liking clinton he was from the south and was more comfortable around black people than any other candidate before him but i do n't think hilary looks comfortable around any human let alone black people ... ..they just seem to like her because she 's married to bill
mercedes confirms hamilton will get a pu change for chinesegp https twitter.com/search ? q 23chinesegp .
team will now look at what pu 1 components can be salvaged
message/compose ? to=tweetposter subject=error 20report message=/4f1aqo 0a 0aplease leave above link unaltered .
adcoms at american md schools probably sniffed out her bipolar and narcissistic personality disorder from a mile away
because i do n't think you should defend intentionally killing innocent children ever for any reason .
i do n't think i should have to tell you that ... ..
high volume poor aesthetics and the price has already been pushed up by panic investors banking on ibp repeat .
ibp happened because they are bant for lyfe not because they disbanded .
maybe sum rooshins or chinese investora will cum along and manipulate the market but i doubt it .
no one wants the newish ones because they 're ugly and the old ones are already end game collectors items .
i personally only have the gems 1 5 and 8 because those are the only ones available in stickerless .
stickerless dayan gem i http s1.postimg.org/82mzyg8mn/dsc_0158.jpg this one is an edge-turning and jumbling puzzle like the curvy copter http s27.postimg.org/qhx68ymoz/dsc_0078.jpg .
out of the three i got i like to solve this one the most .
stickerless dayan gem v http s15.postimg.org/9qpwmqzff/dsc_0157.jpg this is a shapemod of the dino f-skewb http s28.postimg.org/ewdhp7wrx/dsc_0181.jpg .
it 's basically a mix between a skewb and dino cube with additional center orientation to deal with .
stickerless dayan gem viii http s15.postimg.org/eke95claz/dsc_0156.jpg this one is a bit of an outsider compared to the other 7 gems .
it 's a double-face turning puzzle the hex faces and triangle faces can turn .
it 's pretty easy and the solve reminds me of the jing 's pyramid http s27.postimg.org/g77fgp2cz/dsc_0604.jpg .
i do n't have any of the other gems yet .
twistypuzzling has a review for each of them though .
my slobad artifact combo deck has well in excess of 1,000 possible combos in it .
i masturbate again ... and now i feel worse and tired nd demotivated..i will start no fap journey again tomorrow
i have no clue which one to go to .
what i would like to do is make a list of convenient areas to stay in and go to the campus nearest to it .
if said campus is unavailable i go to the next most convenient spot and so on .
please tell me if this system is retarded because i 've just started looking into the whole thing .
from what i 've seen first hand it 's when a girl speaks she 'll be asked if she 's a girl then the sexist shit starts .
for our senior prank we filled every single fountain in our town with few liters of dish washing soap it was bubblin ' for hours and hours .
not a school prank but if your school has a fountain it could be used
i will try my best to bring honor to my famiry
please remember that the rules r/pokemontrades/about/rules require you to state where and from whom you obtained your pokémon to the best of your knowledge when offering .
best way to balance the darkzone and still get good rewards this post needs gold .
kelly2015 https twitter.com/kelly2015 is the hourly random winner at swagbucks https twitter.com/search ? q 23swagbucks !
message/compose ? to=tweetposter subject=error 20report message=/4f1atc 0a 0aplease leave above link unaltered .
thinking about this lead me to the outbound signal '' mission where at the end ghost says the signal is being broadcast to the emperor of the cabal himself .
surely he would respond to that at some point right ?
everyone who uses the term millennial '' is in my experience kind of a dipshit .
i have no stake in your discussion here just an observation .
for beef wellington you need either a supply of firm tofu or of beef .
if we 're being technical which lets be honest is what you 're doing a tumour is n't cancerous until it has or has the capability to spread beyond its site of origin .
in the case of carcinoma the most common cancer type this means breaching the basement membrane the base of constantly regenerating surface tissues such as skin or bowel .
otherwise it 's known as neoplasm or in some cases confusingly as carcinoma in situ .
when you rank your bo to 6 you can get the bios you need to level up ?
otoh maybe they figured that creating some challenge to get rank up the new characters was needed because of the number of people who get insta-rank up .
there 's no build which maybe takes fun out of it .
i just want to know how a flight attendant can afford 400,000 in surgeries ?
i always hear these huge cosmetic surgery totals and wonder how people do it ?
i was under the assumption specialists want upfront payment .
i have phases where i do n't listen to them at all really and others where i only listen to rh .
she beats any range auto attacker 1vs1 with her kit
that 's mildly amusing which makes it one of the best banners this season .
i am partially expecting another big surge like wod that will die off quickly like wod .
i do n't think the sub numbers will be anywhere near wod though .
i am going to stay unsubbed and see how legion turns out .
you can only add so much to a game to try to make it fit everyone 's expectations though .
if vanilla players loved the raw aspect of the game then they will probably never see that ever again .
blizzard is n't going to suddenly pull quest markers from the game .
somebody please respond who has more experience and re-articulate what i am saying .
eh i 'll leave you be you ... odd clown person . ''
sigh i often have serious doubts about whether or not medical professionals can really understand what a depressed person is going through and how to go about helping them with it .
i 'm sure there are great doctors out there but i do believe that it would be best if they had some personal experience with mental illness themselves so that they 'd better empathise with their patients .
talk to the npc at the door agree zoned into separate bride groom waiting rooms the ceremony starts when both individuals getting eternally bonded confirm it ceremony video chosen before hand do what you want leave the chapel to end the ceremony attach 'just married sign ' to your new ceremony chocobo ride off into the sunset ?
it 's weird really how that trend repeats itself .
c for example when you mix languages it 's usually good to follow convention ... a strange one ...
regardless the random luck factor was insanely stupid and hype .
but please do n't limit it way too much .
would you mind telling me your opinion on middlesbrough game ?
for anyone who 's interested to know a little more about the context surrounding ghost in the shell this entire thread https twitter.com/jontsuei/status/720806687527936000 by jon tsuei is excellent and well-said .
i 've been seeing a lot of defenses for the scarjo casting that seem to lack a nuanced understanding of a ghost in the shell as a story .
the manga came out in 1989 the first film 1995 .
an era whenjapan was considered the world leader in technology .
everything hot in that era came out of japan .
this is a country that went from poised to conquer to the pacific to forcibly disarmed .
and as a country that was unable to defend themselves but was a world leader in tech it created a relationship to tech that is unique .
ghost in the shell plays off all of these themes .
it is inherently a japanese story not a universal one .
this casting is not only the erasure of asian faces but a removal of the story from its core themes .
you can westernize '' the story if you want but at that point it is no longer ghost in the shell because the story is simply not western .
understand that media from asia holds a dear place in the hearts of many asians in the west simply because western media does n't show us .
ghost in the shell while just one film is a pillar in asian media .
respect the work for what it is and do n't bastardize it into what you want it to be .
fucking amazing i lost it when he said you stupid twat ''
the school gave students extra credit for staying after and cleaning and doing janitorial work .
i do n't even recall it ever not glowing when orcs are around .
well if it is your favourite pastime ... maybe we should see what we can do to indulge that hobby ?
can you show me an example of what you 're able to do ?
i was n't saying the rams should necessarily outright announce the pick but i 'm not sure why they 'd say ehhh we know a lot anout these guys but want to take two more weeks to really make sure . ''
rather than that crap why not just say yeah we know exactly who we 're taking but we 're not disclosing that information until draft day '' instead ?
just seems weird to present yourself as a team who made this massive deal for one of two players they are n't quite sure about .
or they could just use arm cpu with amd gpu in one soc its not like amd ca n't put those into one chip .
to use jaguar they would have to shrink it to 14nm first same with excavator which will be pretty big cost considering they wo n't be releasing those to the public .
i do n't think the issue is always about justification of rape .
i just do n't want my kids to be raped in the first place .
and if that means making reasonable efforts to be safe while still having a life i think it 's a good idea .
if that means skipping a few parties at night in east st. louis then i think that 's a reasonable trade .
is n't it possible to make suggestions to stay safe without being called a woman hating rape loving mysogynist ?
you can save money by not overclocking the benefits are there but it 's very inefficient for value .
you can get a cheaper cpu motherboard and use the stock fan without overclocking .
r9 380 is probably better in most games than the 960 check out the benchmarks .
my distaste for communism and the historical proof that it is a shitty system ?
i know thanks anyway p did n't plan to use him tho just asked in case i would p
pros usually know what conditions they want to play in .
after the xbow nerf i saw tons of people start using the mortar .
its one of the best ways to get tower damage these days .
your submission has been automatically removed because it triggered some filters .
please message the moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/history subject=messaging regarding the removal of this submission by u/murarish message submission https www.reddit.com/r/history/comments/4f1atn/how_to_make_money_without_investing_a_single_penny so we can review your post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/history if you have any questions or concerns .
yet another thing down under that could possibly kill you
the only problem is my primary does n't want to go up .
my secondary is 90k dps which is n't that bad to me for a m1a 36k damage
your submission has been automatically removed because it triggered some filters since you are fairly new .
this is nothing to worry about if your post follows the r/history rules we can approve it for you once you message us .
here are some often made mistakes you can check on before messaging us
have you included a submission statement in the form of a comment ?
please message the moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/history subject=messaging regarding the removal of this submission by u/murarish message submission https www.reddit.com/r/history/comments/4f1atn/how_to_make_money_without_investing_a_single_penny if you believe your post follows the rules so we can review your submission .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/history if you have any questions or concerns .
you asked what does it matter if a window is hit ? ''
this is n't the first time oculus has had these issues and they have n't handled this as well as they could have so it makes sense people are going to see a recurring pattern and jump ship .
i know this is n't the best place to ask but i 'm looking for some racing maps that are cool and decent looking and can be used to attempt to use for a racing style infection mode .
can i run games in 1440p especially newer games like gta v witcher 3 no man 's sky and overwatch or should i go for a 1080p monitor ?
edit i 've decided i shall pick out a 1080p monitor to purchase in the future .
what are everyone 's thoughts on vktx right now ?
i see its listed as a strong buy everywhere and i know this company is on the breakthrough of some sort of hip replacement therapeutics .
anyone able to break down what they are trying to say ?
just get lost in the way and try everyday to learn what drives passion in you even if it it is just a tiny bit .
whatever it is that you actually want will come if you work enough and if you are smart enough .
as you can see i 'm looking to join a new online cfm .
i play my own offline ones all the time rebuilding teams etc .
and sadly i ca n't ever play online ones as my mates do n't own madden and do n't really care for football .
i know a lot about football and i wo n't be a noob when it comes to knowing what to do and actually playing the games i 've liked football for
quite a few years now and actually play for a team over here scotland incase you care so yeah if anyone knows of one or if there are any spots available i 'd be happy to give it a go !
oh btw i 'm able to play most days through the week i 'm at college just now and obviously on weekdays will only be able to play at suitable uk times cheers again !
example a player gets released in year 3 of a 5 year deal for 50 million .
let 's say they have made 30 million so far .
do they receive the rest of money as promised in the contract 20 million ?
anyone know how to make your sundance screenwriter 's lab application stand out ?
i 'm not sure how important the artist statement is but i want to make mine extremely good so they 'll remember my application .
if anyone has made it to the second round of sundance could you tell me what you did ?
i am staying at a downtown hotel tomorrow and i am wondering if any lady in the vicinity is in need of release .
i am 32 white 6ft 1 in tall completely dd free ...
i enjoy what i do and i 'm not ashamed of it .
if you want to give direction i will follow .
if you want to just let me do my best fantastic .
comment with links to the most gore gruesome and nasty pictures/videos .
the idea behind it is to get turned off by the disgust and fear these links will create .
please do not use this thread to kill a boner regularly this is only for a serious emergency .
if you use it on a regular basis you will most likely get desensitized to gore material .
also please be advised not to use this thread if you have gore fetish or are sensitive to extremely graphic material .
nudity is okay as long as it 's more terrifying than arousing .
why not just go to r/gore or r/morbidreality ? ''
because not all pictures/videos there are suitable for killing an urge .
they are there to scare you and some get the job of killing an urge done as well .
this thread has to be the best worst of the best worst .
also please do not describe what is in the link .
it has to be a shock reaction works best that way personal experience .
he tries to tell ppl they have won some free stuff but he just tries to scam others .
i ca n't feel anything not even sadness or joy .
so i just purchased a small thermometer keychain to clip on my bag and there is a tiny marking at 20 celsius around 70 fahrenheit .
is it possible to ban a player on clash royal ?
this loser keep coming into our chat and saying bad things then leave .
i know dude 's sneaker game has been on point but i 've only seen him wear jordans .
i want to upgrade my audio for interviews rode go mic and smartlav are great but too hot high pickup for loud places movement etc .
my vids below using rode go mic shotgun and smartlav
i 've also tried the zoom h4n but did n't like it and then it broke .
looking for a cold low pickup mic with light learning curve that can be handed to someone and explained in 30 seconds .
a boom wo n't work because i 'm usually shooting guerrilla style 1 shooter
the ai thingy told me to get back again when i am rank 3 but i accidentally click on it again and this annoyed her so i kept spamming it and she flipping me off then start talking nonsense in hope i will go play the game .
this is my first post on the crossfit thread and on reddit .
i 've been following the crossfit paleo fitness etc .
forums for awhile trying to muster the courage to post my story/questions .
for context i 'm 28 female 5'9 and i do n't know what i weigh but i 'd guess between 160 and 165 going on eleventy billion .
last november i packed up my life and moved halfway across the world okay texas to new york .
i started crossfit in june 2015 but because of my job i was n't able to go more than 2-3 times a week at most and usually i just went on saturdays .
fast forward to november i moved was wrapped up in the holidays with my family etc etc .
i 've been running semi-consistently for a few years again 2-3 times a week sporadically .
after an overuse injury in a new year 's eve race i had to stop running .
january 11th i found a box and started going to crossfit five days a week .
it basically kept me sane as i was n't running and running has been my outlet for years .
my body has changed drastically since i started crossfit .
i 'm not sure how much weight i 've gained i 'm thinking about 7-10 pounds weighed around 152 last september but i had to throw my scale out because i was having panic attacks .
however i 've noticed in the last month that my lift maxes are going up and i can see that i look different .
i can see muscles in my arms and abs that i 've never seen .
also to add to the absurdity my clothes still fit tighter in the thighs and butt and shoulders ... but everything fits .
despite all of this i feel like i 'm a whale ... but i 'm working out constantly .
also starving 24/7 ... and i 'm eating more than i ever have in my life .
started running again 3 weeks ago and attempting paleo .
have had some success with paleo and running is going well .
here 's my current schedule ... right now i 'm running 3-4 miles per day during the week and 5-6 for long runs .
so i have come to submit my questions and myself to the verbal thrashings of reddit .
i kid but really i am nervous about posting this .
is it normal to be hungry all the time ?
any other women out there who have struggled with this ?
my so just got glasses and for his birthday i want to get something that will hold 3 pairs and all the accessories cloths wipes sprays etc .
after seeing the attempts microsoft had made trying do describe pictures or reading feelings in faces reached a certain point of bizarreness in images or deep metaphors machines will have a real struggle to understand things that humans will get for sure .
i 've been using my main desktop to run plex but i want to build a discrete dedicated system that i can leave on and out of sight .
i have a 128gb ssd for the os and other files but no major storage aside from a 1tb external drive .
i 'm looking to spend 500-600 and run 2 streams or 3 at the very most .
any suggestion on what i should be shooting for ?
thank you to everyone who helped and carried on discussions .
it really made some of the decisions a lot easier to make and made me realize i can get way more bang for my buck ! !
i ended up going with this build with a couple parts given to me by a friend or pulled from a system i do n't use .
pcpartpicker part list http pcpartpicker.com/p/m8wz4d price breakdown by merchant http pcpartpicker.com/p/m8wz4d/by_merchant
looking for 3 preferably who have run kings fall before final step taking out death singers and oryx
i intend to use this for gaming across the board from triple a titles to indie releases .
if gaming what kind of performance are you looking for ?
at the moment i 'm not too bothered about screen resolution but 1080p would be nice once i upgrade my monitor .
would love to run most games at above 30fps on mostly high settings .
post a draft of your potential build here specific parts please .
http www.reddit.com/r/buildapc/wiki/pcpp do n't ask to be spoonfed a build read the rules !
pcpartpicker part list http uk.pcpartpicker.com/p/nd2kft price breakdown by merchant http uk.pcpartpicker.com/p/nd2kft/by_merchant
note you do not have to follow this format but please be sure to answer these questions .
please do not ask to simply be given a build .
conspiracy theories aside it would be like someone in the 1960s still talking about pearl harbor .
since i can equip only one exotic weapon at a time and i do n't have a vault full of exotics i should focus on primary weapons since i 'll use them much more often than specials or heavies .
social anxiety has caused a lack of friends in college .
i have therapy waiting for me next month when i get home .
but for now there are times where my depression makes me feel hopeless about making friends and talking to girls .
it 's an awful feeling like i 'm not good enough for these things .
for now what 's the best things to fight the depression .
looking for other things that 'll help me push away these bad thoughts .
if you buy more than one we might be able to work out a discount .
post why ya think sans have those dragon things might contain spoilers use the spoiler thing in your way here
if i can i will edit the title with the spoiler thing and i will do that if i can add the spoiler black thing
320 sunsinger warlock looking for skilled players to help guide me through my first time run on the kings fall raid on normal or hard seeing as i am 320 done the first bit before up to the war priest door not fought any bosses
message me on psn first because my party notifications are switched off
so i 'm in favor of picking ramsey at no .
4 like everyone else but what if san diego gets him who do we get then ?
and if we traded down who would you do ?
if it was me i 'd pick andrew billings .
i feel like he 'd make great addition to put alongside tyrone crawford and he 's like the defensive version of tyron smith .
if natsu and lucy do n't get together soon i will be driven mad .
however once they do get together the series will most likely end .
are there any big psn sales coming up in the playstation store ?
i 'm currently on sprint with about 5 months left on my contract .
the employees at the verizon store told us that they do n't supply credit to pay off our contract anymore .
they said that the promotion '' ended earlier this week .
i looked at the verizon website and found this http www.verizonwireless.com/landingpages/switch-and-save ? intcmp=int-ban-non-wb-tmo 20response-9172015-1mbp1-de-pp-pp-p
i think they might be right because the verizon website says from t-mobile .
say we i am talking about a movie with a friend and i ask him about some actor that i think he might have liked in the movie .
so in this situation which sentence structure is correct ?
i am a non native speaker by the way .
i have n't gotten around to filing my state individual income tax return yet they 're due april 20 if you have n't either .
i was trying to e-file on the dotax website today but it seems like you ca n't efile the n13 form anymore .
like i have to fill out a pdf verison of the n13 print it out and mail it into the state ?
just curious who is your favorite hero in each category ?
i have been very interested in sports/cooking anime as of late but have not been able to find many good ones after watching most of the major ones http myanimelist.net/animelist/ishkagal .
any help towards this would be greatly appreciated as i am currently burnt trying to find new ones .
does anyone else live in seattle and get zamplebox how long does it take for it to get to you ?
i figure because they are based in the state i live in that it would be here quicker than say someone that lives in new york .
i am purchasing my first full golf set used .
this is the driver that comes with not too bad right ?
375 driver 3 wood and a 3 hybrid r7 iron set and a passo putter and a bag .
i 'm falling in love with golf i just do n't want to get raked over the coals .
currently having a problem with his questline spoiler s ca n't get siegward of catarina to spawn for yhorm fight . ''
spoke to him in all locations including profane capital got the titanite slab after freeing him .
i think the issue may be that i triggered the boss fight before freeing him homeward bone 'd out .
anyone know if i 've simply stopped this questline or if there 's something i can do to fix it ?
i am using a ps3 controller and have it working in emulation station nes megadrive and n64 .
i found a lot of threads and tutorials about how to set up the n64 config and got that working but everywhere seems to say snes just works like nes did .
when i f1 into retro arch setup and go to core input settings on the other systems it lists retropad '' for all inputs .
for snes it lists input 1 and 2 as snes controller '' and the rest say retro pad '' but there 's no option to select retropad for inputs 1 and 2 ... is there an external input config file i 'm overlooking for snes ?
i first noticed it after installing an ssd not included in the parts list above .
i have tried installing games on both my hd and ssd but it does n't seem to make a difference .
i have n't tried reinstalling windows because i that is a pain in the ass .
the weirdest thing is that it only does this on some games .
less intensive games like the long dark also pixelate and crash .
the error message i get when crashing is this .
i could just buy another gpu but i really want to make sure it is n't something else like my motherboard or psu .
also who wants to spend 200-300 dollars when their gpu was working great on every game .
had a family member surprise '' me with tickets which are not as great as i what i had bought but i 'm not cold hearted enough to abandon them for a better vantage point .
i have one ticket for 4/17 tomorrow that 's in the 100 's ca n't recall exactly where it is on their seating chart .
i have 2 tickets right up front for the 4/19 tuesday show second row/table near the center .
selling each for face value plus service fee so 27 .
city winery does n't have physical tickets but uses reservations .
i will be at both shows so can check you in .
for the 4/19 show i can probably have the reservation name changed too .
i love him as a card but damn if i dont get bored with his stuff .
do n't be racist by noticing these inconsequential things they are just like us without them we wo n't survive .
so my friend recently aquired a st mw gut knife with a decent amount of blue .
any one have any idea if it adds any value to it ?
i am thinking agave but i 'm not sure if that would work .
i have a 10 month old and he ca n't eat honey because of the risk of botulism so it 's a hard no on the honey .
i decided to use reusable knot wraps more frequently because lets face it we toss out wrapping paper left right and centre and is often hard to flatten to fit in recycling bags/bins uk especially during the holidays where councils pause collections and the recycling bins just get packed with stuff often forcing people to make the sad decision to throw away recyclables in household rubbish .
since i got 2 knot-wraps last year i manage to fit many presents inside them and taught myself from instructions how to wrap like a pro .
i already had my sister and mom give me gifts back wrapped up in the knot-wraps i used .
though the wraps are understandably pricey we got ta be ethical to our wraps suppliers !
it 's well worth using them again and again and saves money in the long run .
plus they smell gorgeous if you put them in your lush stash box/tin and they retain the smell for your recipient to snort and enjoy the smell .
do n't pretend you do n't walk past a lush shop without taking a deep whiff !
what are your experiences with knot-wraps and do you get recipients giving them back wrapped around gifts to you ?
i 'm noticing i still did n't get the 3 free preorder games email yet .
i heard most people get it a day after it ships out so i 'm wondering if i should contact customer service yet .
a nasty needy nympho who 's up for the task ? .
do you want to be fucked in every hole ?
will you beg for more while taking it hard ?
is your hair a handle to be pulled and yanked ?
will you ride and grind and take a cock for all your worth ?
can you make responses that are longer than yes sir '' ?
if this sounds like something you can handle get back to me .
doing a highschool lab and want to make sure im doing it right we boiled kclo3 to remove oxygen but did n't remove all of it .
amount of kclo3 7.28 grams amount of kcl 6.55 grams amount of o2 0.73 grams
i do n't know about you guys but my family constantly makes fun of me for watching wrestling 19 m .
only used a few months and in flawless condition .
i am selling for 90 pounds plus some small shipping charges .
i feel this is a great deal for anyone interested in an audiophile grade headset .
can also sell them through ebay for better security and comfort for both parties .
hey guys so i currently have a galaxy s6 on tmobile i owe about 200 dollars on the phone before its fully payed off .
i am under a friends account and she has not been paying her part only i have at this point the account is 580 dollars in the hole and im sure it is going to be turned off soon .
i asked if i could go on my own but they said i could n't do anything until the account at a good standing balance again which would consist of maybe 400 dollars and then on top of that my friend would have to give them the ok for me to get out the account which im sure shes not i am not going to pay anymore .
is there a way to switch from tmobile to another carrier that uses the same towers etc even though i owe tmobile 200 dollars for the phone ?
is there a way to unlock it even with the balance of the phone and switch to another service ?
i will still be paying my phone off monthly i just want to switch to another provider since i wo n't be able to use tmobile anymore .
the amiibos i have are nib na rosalina dark pit captain falcon marth oob rosalina samus ganon inkling girl zzs diddy kong bowser ssb peach ssb and duck hunt
ac cards series 1 i have are 001 hard trade 004 x2 015 017 x2 019 021 023 024 x2 028 x2 030 038 x2 039 040 042 046 053 054 058 060 065 066 070 072 073 075 079 x2 085 087 089 091 094 096 099 and 100
i 'm interested in nib eu and jp rosalina nib na all 1st print mario ssb pikachu samus pacman fox link king dedede all nib na smb amiibos any region squid would like them all nib .
also the any ac series 2 cards and ac amiibos as well !
also looking for any nib na amiibos from commons uncommons semi-rares rares ect .
looking to trade with someone for the same amiibos my oob for nib i have most amiibos .
if you are a oob collecter i 'll be happy to give you my oob amiibos for your nib ones .
all my oob amiibos are in great condition and never used .
i also have oob na mario pikachu pacman fox link and inkling boy all 1st print ssb luigi bowser toad and peach smb would like to trade these for nib na 1st print ones
ask for it when trading so i do n't forget !
leave me all your offers and i 'll get back to you asap
a handful of tco members are giving ourselves a fun and exciting challenge next saturday we are going to group up start at level 3 and get to 50 asap using instances as much as possible .
we have assembled a 5 man team and plan to run all the dungeons and maybe a few adventures and expeditions along the way .
we will not be getting carries from higher level toons all of this will be handled within our own 5 man team with the resources available to us including xp flasks as fresh toons .
we are starting at 2:00 est and will go to either 12:00 midnight est or 50 whichever comes first !
if you are crazy enough that this sounds fun you can watch the whole thing on kal scattergood 's stream .
https www.twitch.tv/kalscattergood not only will she be streaming the entire journey but she 'll have giveaways for those watching the stream and chatting with her .
and if you are so crazy this sounds like something you 'd actually like to do alongside us then we are completely open to having multiple teams '' go at the same time .
of course it would be hard to ensure everyone is sticking to the rules '' no carries no exploits and there is n't a prize for winning but we just think it would be fun to have a few groups going at the same time .
i know we have another partial group formed that needs currently three more people so if you are interested do n't hesitate to contact me .
these groups would n't have to be exile though we are leveling exile or even on entity though i realize the timezone would be prohibitive for an eu team to go at the same time .
but anyone who would want to take part is welcome to participate .
anyway bottom line is we are going to group up and stream some crazy ws players doing all the things er dungeons and we think it 's going to be a hoot so we 'd love people to come on out and cheer us on or heckle us or whatever !
short backstory accepted to a couple of universities for my phd program political science .
no funding anywhere but alabama at tuscaloosa but they offered me free tuition and a very generous stipend that would cover living expenses easily and allow me to graduate with money in the bank .
can i expect to feel safe as an openly gay person ?
i do n't particularly like bars/dance clubs i know there is one gay bar but are there other gay centric safe-zones around the city not just on campus ?
i 'm not particularly flamboyant but i am very straightforward about addressing homophobia and my sexuality is ... not a secret whatsoever .
the nice thing about this stipend is it will allow me to travel to conferences and do research abroad in the summers which is a huge deal for me .
at the same time i was also accepted to the university of utah and since i am in state with my job i would graduate with minimal debt .
if i have 100 users and they are pressing chat over time how do i match them up in real time ?
2. set up with one if that user has logged off then get the next one
or is there a better way to do it ?
i have a y580 from late 2012/early 2013 and i want to put an ssd in the msata slot .
the problem is it does n't come with a screw .
with a little googling i found that the screw used to secure the ssd is an m2x3 .
is there anywhere i can get one of these without having to buy a pack ?
on a different note this is the ssd i 'm looking to get
will it fit and is it a good ssd ?
in the night maps when you zoom in you can barely see anything through the awp scope .
it 's a useless texture and should just be removed .
please keep all spoilers confined to this thread in the coming few days .
hello i just bought a note 4 and have been having issues transferring large files onto it from my pc .
i can use the usb to xfer files from the phone to the pc quickly but the other way is sluggish .
i have tried airdroid but i do not want to pay a monthly fee for some thing that i used to be able to do free on my old nexus 4..there had too be a way to xfer files quickly via the usb wire right ?
1 awp hyper beast minimal wear http steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198253205741/inventory 730_2_5805721714 0.12420292943716 http csgo.exchange/item/5805721714 sticker the awper http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c the awper 15
i 've had some experiences with love and meeting women .
i was with a girl for 4 years whom i adored but after fighting with depression and realizing how toxic it was for my mental health i had to leave .
i guess for a while now i 've been stuck in limbo .
it 's been almost 2 years since i officially broke up with my ex we 've had a few minor episodes but nothing serious .
i have no idea what to do with myself .
i 'm still this hollow shell walking around looking for answers .
i 've probably dated around 12-13 girls since then and most of them have been really nice .
but it just did n't do it for me anymore .
once novelty wore off i lost interested and it 's become kind of an evil spiral where i just go from one girl to the next hoping something will be different but it never is .
either i lose interest after like the third date or they do .
but getting rejected does n't sting so bad either it 's all just kind of meh .
i 've gotten into the habit of analysing peoples behavior too much i think this was a gift or curse from my ex .
since i never knew what she was thinking i always felt like i had to search for cues that would indicate stuff .
when i was younger i felt like i could fall in love with anyone .
it 's like i 'm extremely picky about my choices and sometimes it 's just stupid shallow shit .
i leave before i even get to know the person most of the time .
i mean i got shit going for me i 've been working out constantly since i was 15 years old .
i do n't smoke i 've got my own place i 'm really tidy with my space .
i just do n't know what kind of mindstate i should be in when i feel so lonely .
i do n't know how to work that out .
somehow i 'm starting to feel like the answer does n't lie in someone else .
people keep hitting me up with the you 'll find the right one '' or it 's going to be okay in the end '' .
but that just does n't do it for me .
i do n't have a way to cope really .
tl dr two years since i left a 4 year relationship and i 'm feeling numb to meeting now people and i do n't know how to work on myself .
starting from the beginning i 've been dating a girl for the last 6 months .
she was very clear from the start that she had just been in a long term relationship and that she did n't want a boyfriend .
i thought i was cool with this even though i wanted her to be my girlfriend .
we had a few talks about this over the next few months but i tried my best to hide what i really wanted .
yesterday we had been hanging with friends all day and she seemed somewhat distant .
i ended up talking with everyone else at the party and towards the end of the night asked if she was coming over .
she did n't want to so being in the drunken state i was in asked her if she was over it and wanted to just end things .
she ended up coming over and we talked a bit and then fell asleep .
in the morning she decided that she could n't be with me from everything that she has seen so far
that she thinks i hit on other people when i 'm with someone i basically do n't find other people attractive or at least am not interested in dating two people at a time .
also i did n't know how to act myself since she had been clear she eventually wanted to end things .
i felt that it was good she was a little jealous if i talked to someone else .
i did n't realize until later that she mentioned even the brief minutes i was gone she thought i was hitting on someone else .
the reason she thought this was because of conversations we had about how serious we were .
i asked if we could or should date other people if the opportunity arose since she did n't see anything serious with me
that i was insensitive to her feelings such as bringing up things she 's told me and used them against her she mentioned earlier that day that there were things that i have done which have gotten under her skin like interrupting her or finding the humor in how unreasonable people were being to her while she was venting so later that day i though her and a friend were continuing to poke fun at me when i had told her that was a sensitive subject for me and so i said she was getting under my skin
that it 's too late and that i should have told her from the beginning how i felt and maybe we would have had a chance then .
she told me that for my next relationship that i should do this .
i completely see what she is saying here but i think if i had done this the relationship would have ended from the start because of how clearly she told me she did n't want something serious
it seems like every talk we ended up having stemmed a new problem since we both came away with something different from our conversations .
for example her saying that she did n't want something serious she just told me today that i should have tried my hardest to break down that barrier to make her my girlfriend instead .
or as another example our conversation about if we were allowed to date other people since she eventually wanted to end things ended up making her overly jealous of everything i did .
unfortunately i had no way of knowing what i was supposed to do based off of what she communicated to me and vice versa for her .
as she was leaving today i asked her what she wanted to do moving forward .
she wants to remain friends which is something i ca n't do because i like her too much and that we should stop communication for a while .
i told her that everything i said last night and this morning is exactly how i felt about her so if she ever changes her mind to let me know .
tl dr girl i was dating ended things when i told her i wanted something serious .
i 'm pretty sad god these next couple of months are going to suck .
i see that every once in a while there are some skins on sale.why not do the same with one or two voice packs every week ?
looking for an experienced igl or anyone who thinks they have the leadership skills to lead need the igl to complete the team
so if hoops is another sport in rl then could it possibly be in ranked games ?
i know how many people whine about a small change in the standard map such as making it a bit round and bowl shaped but this should n't worry you psyonix since you seem to think that different maps should be in your game .
and it seemed like this was always your opinion .
say for example that you make a game with unity3d and released it but would like to add on more levels as an addon pack you can send out to people who already have got the game .
what is the best way or how would you do to secure your game for upgrades ?
never realy gave any thought to this before just curious what the best approach should be especially if you make cavern type games or rogue type and many more where you would like to update the content and not just rewrite the whole game .
squishy peeping sounds when she walks on glass echoing clangs when she walks on metal muffled stomps when on concrete it sounds amazing .
it was the first thing i noticed in the gameplay .
my brother has recently gained a lot of interest in my spyderco techno but he 's left handed so it 's a pain for him to open and close .
he really likes the width of the blade and handles as well as the spyderhole a titanium handle is preferred but anything that feels really solid is good too .
hi men of dpp i 've been curious about roleplaying being turned into a sissy by one of you sexy men .
i hope you guys can help me turn into an eager slut i 'm pretty open to kinks so do n't hold back .
i am a slender 135 lbs 5'9 twink with a nice squeezable ass who loves to bottom for big strong men like yourself .
i would just love to be your own personal slut so please do n't hesitate to take that hand that is n't stroking that big fat cock and pm me i ca n't wait
i want to vote for bernie but this is one of the reasons holding me back
the gyms are under construction atm and it 's raining nearly every day does using gloves hurt my shooting form ?
i 'm noticing that i 'm missing the shots that i 'm consistantly making and my form seems a lil ' bit off .
just bought a new motherboard cpu to try to upgrage my gaming set up i bought the i5 4960k and an asus h97 plus mb i wana say .
also got a case to throw it all into .
so i followed all the instructions but my pc just wont turn on .
any help/suggestions would be greatly apreciated .. also i an on mobile so apologies for the format
also if any more info is needed i can provide
i purchased home plate in diamond city and i 've been having problems with the lights .
every time i load or reload a save or fast travel away and then return at least half of the lights will have stopped working .
the only solution is to select the light while in workshop mode walk around with it until the light turns back on and press b to release it so that it can zip back to its place on the wall .
after about ten or twelve times of walking every light in the place i finally gave up .
is there a way to reallocate points like in dks2 ?
i want to get my int up to 10 to get the sorcerer to move to firelink so i can kill him for the sword yuria gives you .
but i want to pvp later and am afraid of wasting points once there 's a generally acknowledged level cap .
i have vacation the week of primary and am willing to drive people to polling places .
i 'm near south bend and can seat uhhh like 6 if i clean out the car
i 'll go first if needed since i do n't have cash rep .
i was wondering if anyone has a similar perspective or is in pretty much the same position that i am currently in that being that every time i hop in game i feel less excitement for playing champions on which i 've reached lvl 5 mastery .
even at certain points i hesitate to play my best champions in ranked games because i feel like i 've accomplished everything on that particular champion and no longer have the need to play it because nothing positive will come of it .
i know alot of people have suggested many good ideas and milestones for reaching a certain level 50k/100k/200k of mastery such as
a new emote that goes along with the mastery rank pop-up
and many more some of these ideas were already pitches and i threw some of my own in there the point is that more and more increasingly i and many other players friends that i play with feels less desire to play with champion on which they 've achieved mastery level just wish that there was something to be done about that and wanted to know if anyone else felt the same way .
thanks guys i know ... long post little teddy potato for you http imgur.com/el0aoza
i believe that the network should n't limit transactions to only those that are of a certain value to the user .
maybe one of the greatest reasons why the internet is so powerful is because it does n't allow for prioritization of traffic .
if someone wants to watch a cat video or run a multi-billion dollar ecommerce business they will each share the same level of priority .
you will no longer see small businesses startups artists and non profits be able to share their message as easily as they once had .
bitcoin and the blocksize limit is essentially forcing miner fees to prioritize only larger transactions .
this will forever change the way bitcoin is used .
i 'm not here to say bitcoin is doomed or this is the end .
i 'm just saying this is a tx neutrality debate and we should protect small transactions as much as possible .
edit to clarify i 'm not saying to get rid of miner fees i 'm saying keep them as low as possible for as long as possible to help keep smaller tx and lower priority tx on the network .
imagine 50 internets had we required youtube to pay 20 cents to send you cat gifs .
put yourself in the other perspective here but for a moment ...
in awakening some people say that it is god/soul/awareness that remembers who it really is .
i 've also heard people describe it as the ego realizing that it is not the ego but awareness .
so is it the ego or awareness that realizes/remembers ?
what are the best ways to progress through grifts ?
i think i have a decent char and i can do something like t6-7 and grift 35 but im stuck .
i cant seem to get any decent items that can compare to my current ones that support my build that i think is a bit op the gargantuam dmg is insane .
are there any guides on how to push grifts or something like that ?
there is simply nothing i can say i must leave it to pyro ... just fukn watch
i 've cleared the whole event but so far got only the stones to evolve them .
my cousin 's husband has n't posted anything on facebook in 25 minutes .
last we heard from him he said he was 'a sick fuck ' .
i 'm wondering if i 'm lacking an acetly donor in my stack in order to get enough acetylcholine to make piracetam work .
i have l-carnitine lecithin eggs and some other supplements but none of them in acetyl form .
maybe i 'm completely on the wrong track here but i 'd like to try it out anyway .
getting back to my roots with classical and looking for new music to jam to .
i 'm a huge fan of powerful and emotional solo/duet/chamber string pieces .
double stops drops things that really make your hair stand on end .
a few old-time favorites are bach 's chaconne or kodály 's sonata in b minor .
this world is so big i 'm sure there are styles i 've never heard that would equally blow my mind .
anyways i 'd be really curious to hear what suggestions you guys have and if there 's anything you suggest i can include in my playlists .
here are some of my ideas how to bring combined arms back every now and then to the weekly playlist as slightly improved .
we have all these big maps that are not good for your everyday control matches but perfect for having every now and then for combined arms .
now to the ideas how to make this mode fun .
lets face it when you come to combined arms you are not looking to play normal control just like when you play mayhem .
some of you may not know this but it was beast in pvp but because it was part of control it was too good and they nerfed it .
now the interceptors are no longer part of normal control and as such could be brought back to their old glory for combined arms .
in addition to the pikes bring the house of wolves heavy pikes to the maps .
this way we have four different vehicles available when we count in the players sparrows .
what do you think of these ideas and share if you have any of your own .
seems to be rather impossible to get whitelisted in dayzrp with the many applicants or if you make a simple mistake you have to wait a while before you can reapply .
is there any servers with rp and not just chernarus deathmatch out there thats actually populated ?
i 've got to the point in which i want to integrate audio capabilities into my c opengl game framework however i 'm having a hard time figuring out the best audio library for me .
that 's why i came here to ask you some questions regarding what seems to be the best library for me .
i 've heard that it 's easy to work with and it 's also still maintained and thus updated whereas i heard openal became proprietary and it 's also kinda stuck on development .
what struck to me as odd though is the wording on the licensing fee page http www.fmod.org/sales let 's say i want to release my game commercially and i am indeed an indie with a budget lower than 100k it means i can release it for free right ?
however what would happen if my sales exceed 100k ?
i would have to pay 500 for the license ?
i mean that sounds quite fair and i know this question might not make sense but what made me confused were some individuals on internet who literally confused me on the meaning of the wording even though on that page itself it 's specified that such amount regards to product development budget and not income .
could there be an option to edit subscriptions we 've subscribed to from the sorting page .
when i go to the subreddit sorting page in settings it does n't give me an option to unsubscribe only remove from app .
i know you can do this from the the subreddit sidebar but the all subreddit does not have this option as there is no sidebar .
so it 's says it will start 3:30 am for me cuz i live in the philippines .
but last match against team liquid it did n't start until like 6 am
you can connect directly by clicking on the ip address here at toparkservers.net http toparkservers.com/server/68.12.249.66:27015 .
server maintenance is every friday night at 7am gmt for 30 minutes .
valhalla map the only feature you need 4x the size of the island beautiful landmarks !
pvp total base destruction is allowed as we want to encourage tense dynamics
griefing is not allowed and reports from 3 people will result in a ban
we are a bunch of division/rainbow 6/gta v players who also play ark on the side .
we have very reasonable admins and you wo n't be banned for unfair reasons .
if you have a grievance or problem with any particular player go to our website and post a thread about it in the forums !
add me on steam felllucifer to discuss joining the server .
look i know how unwilling most of you will be to let go of your old tapes but as a british phan it 's really hard to get hold of any cassettes from sellers that are willing to post to england so you guys are really my last resort .
however many you have i am willing to buy them .
hey guys just wanted to ask if anything changed after contacting bandai namco like two days ago ?
could n't find any recent updates about the servers .
well i managed to leave my samsung galaxy tab s 10.5 on the roof of my girlfriend 's car and it flew off on the freeway and is rather broken .
still works had a great case but the screen is shattered and the frame is bent .
i adored the amoled display and primarily used it for movies and reading comics .
i 'm hesitant to go for the 4:3 aspect ratio because it indirectly compromises size via screen real estate though it would be better for reading .
i 'm also kind of sour about having 500 fly off the roof of a car but will gladly she 'll out whatever i need to to have the best experience .
i am a bot designed to create a new post each day so we can all discuss today 's afterbirth daily challenge !
please post all scores discussion and thoughts and today 's daily in the comments below .
if you want to avoid being spoiled about the daily do n't venture below this point .
also feel free to use https greedbutt.com to link to your score so people can compare .
ptr servers mainly consisting of 'russians ' and 'chineses ' since they seem to find out all the hacks and exploits first bit of a joke
i would like it to be scaled to the 2nd or 3rd highest tier level of the current content .
for example ilvl 34 is current highest so every ones gear will scale to ilvl 32-33 .
now this scale will be off of base stats of the gear so there is always room for improvement for min/max though it wo n't be a huge difference .
also to add to this people who achieve higher ilvl/gs will be granted the max base stats on that item since it is higher than the current limit .
dz zones to be separate in terms of loots/difficulty .
for example dz 01-02 for 1 players in a team dz03-04 for 2 dz05-06 3 .
which is requires that amount of players together to take on the current zone with time efficiency .
add player vs. player internal damage resistance 20-40 reduce dmg to players so fights do n't end with 1-10secs .
remove rng talents and have those talents become similar to mods and within those talent mods have rng on its own scaling this way removing the headache of farming and grinding for the perfect rolls on certain weapons now we just worry about talent mods .
talent mods can be removed and placed back in the weapon at a price
legendary weapons have a lower chance drop and include the already talent mods with a random roll on those mods .
also making the skin more unique which in return will make all legendary weapons usable .
legendary weapons ca n't be crafted or bought from vendor or player .
unique weapon traits with rng rolls on it similar to smg and mr lmg could be increased dmg to targets not in cover by 7-14 ars can be more an balance on dps where they get 5-10 on crit chance 5-10 crit dmg 5-10 headshot dmg pistols can have 20-30 extra dmg to lower targets .
players can get the expert talent mod 30 dmg on lower targets to add even more dmg to pistols .
shotguns to increase dmg they are within the target by 10-20 .
superior version of the weapon that is 1-5 increase of the max base stats of the normal version he/legendary this weapon can not be tradeable
should require less mats and be sometimes used to gear up a fresh 30 for the current content .
in this case ilvl30 across all slots should n't take more than 6hrs to get your perfect gear set to continue progressing in content .
if ilvl increases again for the next content so does the crafting ilvl .
it seems to me that massive does not want crafting to be something to progress at the highest level so make it only viable for fresh 30s and remove the higher end crafting ilvl 32 etc .
all items can be traded except for superior version weapons and legendary weapons .
auction house where players can put items up for currency this currency can be current in game currency such as pxc or something completely new .
on the fence whether to make similar changes as weapons so of now the gear rng has n't been that out of control .
i 'll let you guys to make your opinions on it .
add pvp modes team death match tdm king the hill new york ?
one mode i would like to see is a 4v4 mode where two teams start from two different points and have to race to the center while also being able to sabotage each other maybe through a tunnel system players go through the tunnel to the enemy side or trap system .
this mode will of course have ai and at the end of the path there will be a boss and first team to finish the boss wins .
ai on the opposite side is treated as friendly .
a parkour ffa race mode with limited ammo or strictly use of skill power via flash grenade or of the sort .
i 'm just going assume the pve content will be cover through incursions and future dlc .
note this is all opinionated of course and things i wish were in the game .
i hope the read is n't too eyesore and leave your opinions that you think would improve the game for yourself and possible other players as everyone 's gaming experience is different .
note this will be edited as new challenges are added
these challenges would be great for advanced gameplay when you run out of things to upgrade .
they are a testament to what our favorite penguin can do with this fantastic game .
for novice gamers i assure you all of the following are achievable .
i would love it if some of the items in the list below or others that will be suggested in this thread could be somehow incorporated in perhaps a paid version of the game .
nevertheless advanced players could try to achieve them for the sheer fun of it .
so without further ado here is my list of learn to fly 3 extreme challenges
fly for 100 minutes or longer flight timer not real time .
earn 500 or more in your first flight in story mode .
reach the moon in 18 days or less in 200k story mode like when you got the medal .
but this time you ca n't use any other body except your own empty in any flight .
reach the moon in 28 days or less in 1000k story mode like when you got the medal .
but this time on your last flight the one where you actually reach the moon your timer on the upper right of your screen must not exceed 0.5 sec .
yes you must do your last flight in half a second or less .
get a maximum speed registered in your profile stats of over 800 .
and of course the shortest run list with a bonus challenge
harder complete classic mode in 3 days with over 3k unspent budget .
but on the seventh day you have to reach an altitude of over 1,000,000 with the 150 weight .
hints some of the above challenges can be achieved together .
in some one can reach a significantly better goal than the one stated here .
feel free to comment and suggest other extreme challenges .
ideally with cloud storage and sync between different devices .
hi i just bought the game on pc and i 'm having issues with the cutscenes .
i 've watched a video to see what i 'm missing and it seems to be the intro when you boot the game the battle scene before it cuts to geralt in the bath and the attack at the end of geralt 's dream .
so i think it 's a problem with pre-rendered cutscenes .
the game 's not actually crashing because i can still press space to skip but these scenes just are n't playing .
hello guys first of all let me just say i am a bit sceptical about oculus/vive because for me they are just screens with sensors gyroscopes and so on ...
but what really made me sad about all the wait for vr '' were three major facts the resolution the content and the fact that portugal was not chosen by both companys as a place to make an order .
so my point is why is n't someone or someteam working on a algorithm to stream the content you want to a device phone you want with minimum lag and still use the device 's sensors for enhanced experience if someone worked on a thing like that oculus and vive would be pointless and we all would have a device we could aford because cellphone 's range from 40 to 900 bucks a cordless device and more people on it more development on it .
but that 's just my two cents what do you guys think about that ?
i wont be able to watch it on that day and my internet sucks when watching the replay at twitch
i hope i 'm not off chart here and if that 's the case please delete my post .
so does anyone has some source for my friend ?
sure wanting to be a hero is a good excuse but to abandon your wife and kids ?
he had to have some kind of emotional connection to the time period too .
the fact that rip has jonah 's coat and it seems to be a treasured item of his only solidifies it for me .
toa rank is one of places where f2p can be 1st .
if system that u want will apply then all huge spenders with op aoe mobs like zaiross lushens will always take first places
who the hell runs a beta for 36 hours ? ?
like instead of the actually reasonable x number of whole days
i 'm upset because basically americans got morning one day to night the next so basically two full days of play
australians had it go from night during which we slept then the next full day then another night again we were asleep and then ended .
we only got one full day of play and apparently this is reason enough for downvotes
something like hhh vs ambrose added to uk shows '' .
when he snipes it past a goalie he becomes scope-u-tards
lol i just posted this too without having read your comment .
so he can fish an animal that no one has caught in 20 years talk to animals have expert parkour skills and smell storms miles away .
after some flirting and when you feel that you two get along just ask her out .
do n't say be my girlfriend '' just ask her if she wants to go someplace fun with you .
could be platonic could not be but this is low pressure for a first timer and since it can be construed as platonic no worries if she turns you down .
if she says yes awesome go to whatever fun place you know about .
compare what you like to what she likes and determine things from there .
if you ca n't think of anything the movies is always a great option .
unless you 've never been to a movie theatre with friends before there should be no pressure .
alternatively if you 're going after a co worker and you end work at the same time ask if they 're hungry and tell them to come along for a bite if they are .
in my experience girls like being directed so have a place in mind and suggest it but do n't forget to phrase it like a question so she can give her own input .
easier if you know where she likes to eat .
do note however that just grabbing a bite to eat is a lot easier to misconstrue as platonic than going to the movies or some other place where you have a shared entertainment experience .
after you hang out a couple of times like that with a girl you should be able to at least hazard a guess as to whether or not they 're interested potential hints they touch your body when you talk i had fun '' let 's do this again '' .
for increased effect after a couple of dates instead of asking her if she wants to be your girlfriend hit her with a kiss as a goodbye .
yeah it 's a risk.you might have guessed wrong about her feelings or you might be worried about how you kiss as shia and nike both always say just do it . ''
it might be a little awkward but if you got her to say yes to going with you more than once you 've basically already won .
do pay attention to her when you go in for it though .
do it slowly so you see if she backs away before you can even get close .
and if you 're worrying about kissing skills dont .
just let it happen and if she reciprocates let your brain shut down .
your body will know what to do as long as you do n't start overthinking .
probs should avoid tongue the first time though haha .
do n't stop her if she goes for it though .
that might completely explain why i felt like it was not exploding when it was flying right into it if that 's the case .
guess i hit the torb himself with a couple but the rest would seem to just bounce past .
hard to tell for certain because i was firing over a ledge at it .
my pc speakers are dying i think it makes audio mixing hard .
that was supposed to be a sudden change but not quite that loud !
if you want i could tell you the story of the time i was a cabin boy again ? ''
fyi my friends havea cat namedlily and i heard lily flowers are actually dangerous for cats to ingest .
i was talking about how you 've categorized every rich person as people who funded isis ?
i never stated the rich people have in fact made attempts to curb isis growth .
because last time i checked most falco players use ac back airs and bail out of situations that they do n't like .
everyone who says they 're rooting for the warriors gave no reason either but sure i 'll explain it .
i 'm a bay area native and i 've had a soft spot for the warriors since the baron davis and stephen jackson days but these past two years their fanbase tripled or something and they 've gotten really arrogant the usual whenever a team gets really good .
i 'm not a fan of steph curry or draymond green either .
btw i made that edit when i was at 2 so it was a response to that .
it 's so damn hard trying to keep them from capturing a base when they can spawn inside of it !
they have to finish construction and open everything to traffic this fall .
the other option is a girl whose lips '' are made of rubber so ...
i do n't know while maddening i ca n't actually see it ending any other way .
also them ramming into the ship is supposed to an allusion to elfangor ramming the blade ship pre-series bringing it full circle also implying that they will survive to fight on .
i do n't know if you 've met her .
according to anything google turns up one of which https www.dmv.ca.gov/portal/dmv/detail/about/lane_splitting as long as it 's safe '' it 's ok ...
i 'd be damned afraid that without a dashcam backing me up in another car that i could be charged myself in the same scenario with the rider calling it safe '' .
has anyone done just a i 'll just check these guys out '' order from color pop before ?
i 've put together a little basket of a couple of their lippie stix safari bound and luminere eyeshadows bae and flowershop and blushes birthday suit and trickery and was wondering if anyone had anything to say love or hate about the products or the company in general before i purchase ?
yeah something like 'bernie needed to win by 81 so this makes it just that much harder for him to win ' ...
ah it 's sorted by location took me a minute to figure that out .
instead of feeling the impact others have on you you will more than likely feel the impact you had on others .
i would think someone would rather feel like they did a service to humanity when they are dying rather than what humanity did for them because you are n't going to remember shit anyway we think so would n't you rather have a feeling that you were not a leech on someone ?
of course this is n't completely reliant on money but showing someone that striving for something greater whether it be health financial status or any aspect of life can be extremely rewarding if they stick with it and give it their all .
in contrast to telling someone everyday that i wish i could but i do n't have the . ''
to gain whatever it takes to fulfill the second blank will probably be shitty .
though the first blank is a dream and dreams that go unfulfilled are just that dreams .
but there is no one else in the world that can work for your dream so you 've got to strive to make it a reality even if it means giving up copious amounts of gaming and smoking pot .
that stuff is endless and probably wo n't get you anywhere .
sure it 'll be fun for a little while then you 'll start to feel like you want to do something more but you wo n't have the skills or capital to do it .
then while you 're on you 're deathbed you 'll probably be thinking about how you wasted too much time not making yourself better .
there is a saying i used to be told everyday but did n't pay much attention to if you are n't getting better you 're getting worse . ''
op and the guy you replied to are getting better .
do n't try to make it negative what they are doing .
like if you 're new the best way to learn the game is having some friend there to hold your hand .
being an ass means everyone 's gon na hate you .
i think an 808 might sound too full and out of place .
maybe a bass synth or find a nice isolated bass note you can sample and repitch to structure a bassline .
that 's literally like telling an alcoholic just do n't drink anymore '' do n't you think if after they find out they need a new liver that they would quit if they could ?
addiction is a horrible disease and while it certainly does require the person to stop engaging in that behavior in order to get better it 's sure as shit not as simple as just do n't do it anymore ''
btw just like alcoholics people with food addiction cant just eat junk food in moderation .
it can trigger relapses just as fast as a recovering alcoholic taking a sip of booze .
there is no such thing as moderation in an addicts mind .
sucks man ... rather quit than trying to fight a gambling addiction .
sans ' coworkers are dogs so i doubt he 'd be interested .
i think it goes without saying chief would n't be either .
i 'm a little bummed his name has n't came up much at all .
tweeted to espn asking them to get this segment up on their app .
our burger who art in fun land hallowed be thy grease
altough if your only motivation is getting into great college you might struggle .
if you have innate passion for each of your hl subjects you wo n't most likely be in trouble .
like i take 4 hl 's and have 7 on all of them atm because i love my hl 's .
my literature grades fluctuate between 4 and 6 because i just dislike them and skip too much classes yeah i know its bad habit .
do n't do it solely for college unless you have insane self-control .
your submission from telegraph.co.uk has been automatically removed because it violates rule 11 no blocked or redirected links .
submissions from websites that contain a paywall such as telegraph.co.uk are not permitted .
if you do n't see a paywall it may be that your source 's paywall only appears after a certain number of articles have been viewed .
for more information on rule 11 click here. https www.reddit.com/r/nottheonion/wiki/nto101 wiki_rule_11.3a__no_blocked_or_redirected_links .
for a complete list of domains that are not allowed click here https www.reddit.com/r/nottheonion/wiki/autoremoval .
if you 're new to r/nottheonion you may want to check out nto101 an introduction to r/nottheonion https www.reddit.com/r/nottheonion/wiki/nto101 for more information on our rules and answers to frequently asked questions .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nottheonion if you have any questions or concerns .
one of my uncles was the rsm when the fromelles service was held around 10 years ago .
he was also in charge of organising the gallipoli commemoration that year and did not allow any members of the air force to take part in the commemorations ostensibly due to the fact that the air force did n't exist at gallipoli .
thanks for not going all crazy on me for misunderstanding .
you give me hope for the land of internetz d
on top of my routine i started eating better and prioritizing my sleep .
i spent a semester studying something else and pursuing my passion on the side and hated my life .
and honestly since changing to my current passion career i 've experienced harsher depression but i can tolerate it while working toward that passion first and foremost .
when it was a side gig it was n't enough to help me .
but when it 's my focus the depression is possible to withstand .
yep you can use the short charge to 'counter ' as the enemy is just about to attack .
if only dennis skinner had referred to the tory front bench as 'that bunch of dodgy tax dodging toffs ' everything would have been fine as he had n't named anyone ?
i can not think of a single reason to dislike the man .
i will update here and there much design has changed and improved as im still learning .
the argument for bodily autonomy is already valid why do they need to invent things where they pretend it 's worse than it is .
fun personal fact i thought i was circumcised for a while but when i talked to my mom who told me i was just born with a basically nonexistent foreskin .
she 's been there saw her a few times once was non ufc on fight pass do n't remember if it was invicta or victory fc .
evidently nan has never been to the nosleep subreddit .
otherwise he 'd know that everything posted here is real not fiction .
i kinda expect to hear it today as well now ...
i realize there 's a distinction but i was always under the impression that it was basically a troll '' priest .
they perform shadow rituals with voodoo and practice the ways of the loa http wowwiki.wikia.com/wiki/loa which are essentially god spirits .
the trolls draw power for their voodoo magics by performing rituals and invoking the primal gods old gods 3 forest spirits and ancestral spirits their loa spirits and gods.
so yeah he 's a shadow hunter '' but it 's a subset or priest .
through the magic of prayer and ritual a shadow hunter spends a lot of time maintaining the particular relationship he shares with the loa . ''
so while he was discussing a priest from the warcraft rts game i was suggesting another priest from the warcraft universe .
it 's making a big mess with a pen .
ca n't just peg a competent starter as your 50 since not even close to 50 of the players who played in aaa will be competent major league starters
if you 're going to put any effort into it you 'd see there are significantly more people in the 0-3 war group the 3-6 war group .
because both of these comments are you complaining that i did n't use a normal distribution because putting 3 war at 50 means that there will be more players worth under 50 than over 50 .
so you choose to use this system to try to distinguish people and then you say that it is flawed
you have really bad reading comprehension because what i said was flawed was your question .
these people need to go to facebook meme design 101 .
since most people project their own motives onto others maybe the people who assume women act this way do so because that 's how they themselves act .
best part is we 'll get joe jesus to rip up the second unit due to his foul trouble .
looks like they 're going for about 15 on ebay right now .
if you can get a fine for muslims are pigs '' chants why not a fine for southerners are pigs '' ?
there 's a certain dose of supremacism in regions around milano and it 's an issue in italy .
i think their football federation considers it to be a problem worth pursuing .
you ca n't help what you 're attracted to not her fault she is n't in to black guys .
stereotyping as she did in saying that all black guys are into fat chicks and no white guys are if that is what she meant is n't racist either it 's just incorrect
i 'm a fan of correctness if the page is based on the valve appointed roles i would leave it as it is now but make a note that the meta fluctuates and that the roles displayed on that page were appointed by valve in what is it 2012 ?
can someone get a sound clip for ochako 's daijobu ?
to add to this 18 in the middle of nowhere is more money than 23 in nyc after col adjustment .
my heart could n't handle playing them again in a sb .
no shadows ruins others camo but i need it for the fps lol
vegetable ferments are actually very easy and you could make a batch that was mostly daikon .
perhaps you can try to help her in other ways ?
like helping with a budget or looking at what expenses she can cut .
when i was in debt i looked into microlending and was able to consolidate 2-3 credit cards into one loan payment .
it took me a few years but i paid it off and learned my lesson about accruing such bad credit card debt .
do n't feel bad that you 're not taking out that loan either .
from what it sounds like she is not struggling income wise and this seems to be a case of her not being responsible .
you do n't want to be accountable for that loan in the event that she decides not to make a payment .
is there a single example of sanders performing better with women than men in any demographic ?
to me it looks like she did n't even mean to do that it 's just where the ball happened to land .
i really related to jim carrey 's crush on lauren holly in dumb and dumber .
i just finished kill la kill way better than i expected and was thinking about gurenn lagan .
but i have a suggestion if you want to make work that looks professional and that people will buy you need to be meticulous with your surface quality .
your figures are kind of smooth but their surfaces should be much much smoother .
any little bump or imperfection on the surface serves as a distraction to the viewer and can make your piece cheap or amateurish .
mu suggestion is this next time you finish a piece like this take a couple hours to sand it down until it 's glassy smooth .
when you run into divets or little holes you can patch them with joint compound wood filler or epoxy and then sand them down to match the surface .
it takes a long time and can pretty boring but it makes such a huge difference .
his most flaunted issue is he needs a large amount of space to get to top speed which alongside his cutting issues is why with defensive penetration he tended to go nowhere .
also factor in that rarely does a running back run 40 straight yards so this slow acceleration will only hurt him more in game situations .
his own draft profile even says he takes a long time to get to top speed http www.nfl.com/draft/2016/profiles/derrick-henry ? id=2555221
so are you going to keep downvoting me or are you actually going to explain how im wrong on his acceleration .
because cabal ca n't uninstall packages and generally is not a good package manager .
pointing out it is not a package manager is not making a point against the claim it 's a bad package manager quite the contrary maybe a solution let nix manage the cabal packages for you
because hackages names have nothing to do with the name you import it with .
no comunity i 'm aware of in any language thinks so static languages included .
and the function signature but that 's just a tiny part of it .
i ca n't point a finger to a feature and say that 's bad '' besides cpp .
it 's like the c of functional languages a ton of features and each of it almost perfect and thought out but together just a bit to much .
agda is imho a way more powerfull even too powerfull and yet is a way smaller language .
imho haskells biggest weakness also it 's biggest advantage .
it 's still very awesome expcially the syntax is wonderfull .
same here firelink vordt crystal sages area it 's what i found at this point ... did n't count some random lags and freezes at high wall of lothric and etc .
the high road implies that ah is doing something wrong or low caliber .
neither ah nor fh are doing something better or more correctly than each other .
right because europe and the usa did n't kill anyone .
of course the systems were flawed but you 're just hand-waving away the development made possible under those regimes .
if i want a proper fight i use red soapstone
following on from the grant hackett thing quick poll do you recline ?
and with that i have no issue with the person in front reclining either .
its normal that you ca n't beat it if you are starting but not if you are near maxed and with a lot of toon as it is my case .
i will never understand why people want to make life harder for everyone let them and me complain so cg is can see how many people are disliking this change .
i agree but i can also see why people use historical precedent .
if a method to book wrestling has worked for decades and suddenly stops working you might start to think that the fault is in the people not in the method .
your submission has been removed because it violates our submission rules .
please read the rules for headlines https www.reddit.com/r/science/wiki/clickbait and contact the mods if you have further questions .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/science if you have any questions or concerns .
i ordered the ethernet adapter so hopefully that will fix it !
former it manager for carnival rccl and renaissance cruises .
steam does not do business in australia so they do n't modify the price in anyway .
so all i have to do is pay it in usd .
in australia every aussie business sells them at 100 80
does n't matter do whatever you 'd like with the design .
i 'll put up some pop satellites which will house our military ships .
im not sure cantonese and taiwanese can even be called dialects .
you ca n't understand any of the spoken language even if you speak mandarin and they use alot of different characters in writing so it 's basically like learning another language .
something that says yeah the good guys won in the end but everything 's still not all sunshine/rainbows . ''
or maybe they could go off all the fairy-tale themes and have a happy ending .
maybe monty had planned an ending and we just are n't aware .
as long as the show does n't end with that edgy not really over '' thing that a lot of movies/shows like to do .
like if salem was defeated the protagonists leave and we see a final cut of her re-materializing from the 1 atom cell ruby 's silver eyes did n't disintegrate with creepy music in the backround cutting to black
getting into an arranged marriage with you would be like winning the lottery .
i 'd be like seriously this is the girl ?
when you need to go so far out of your way to not get screwed by something .
some of the counterplay to the things you mention is dont fight it hide under your tower do a weird build specificly to not get smashed in lane which makes you useless against the rest of their team .
yeah it sucks to play against champs that shove shit down your throat if you do n't play the minigame they force you into with zero effort on their part outside of picking the champ .
i think he meant valencia winning at camp nou makes madrid 's win there look less impressive
any person confused by the long string of cat . ''
i can only imagine people must be clenching hard right now lol
there are pings and there are fleets which are organised not someone 's rogue idea .
killmails are bonus considering that imperium is fighting outnumbered which is something fcs and members are mostly not used to that 's not a rant i 'm stating a fact .
goddamn i got excited seeing horowitz the last romantic back up but of course it 's blocked .
i can show you countless examples of fat guys who cut weight but lift no bulk and the end result is aesthetic .
the example you 've given is n't that bad he clearly is not skinny in the left picture just looks above average and then great on the left .
i actually measured my bodyfat today and i am 19 so to get to 10 purely from cutting would put me at 165lbs .
what i will do is cut down to 165lbs and then bulk from there while adding as little bodyfat as possible .
he said usually '' which implies there have been times where it was n't the whisperings of the spirit '' .
and deflected talking about those other experiences by saying they are too sacred to talk about .
if he were really honest he would explain those experiences or admit there were n't any .
why was is to sacred for gbh to talk about but joseph smith talks about his revelations all the time ?
i know the claimed reason but the truth is there is no other revelation .
i was trying to recreate some of my builds with this new system and i keep just running out of points .
i miss being able to dip in and grab endurance and go a bit further for spotter .
or being able to grab ammo bags on the way up to ictv in my masterforcer build .
i 'm really hoping we get more skill sets because 5 is n't going to be enough .
i 'm looking forward to trying a techforcer with sentries ammo bags .
i might have an extra techforcer just with fire trip mines because both seem like good items just to shut down areas with .
i thought it was great for clu but it was kind of shitty for younger '' flynn in the first scene .
in my opinion they should have just not shown his face so that cgi bridges was only clu and older bridges was flynn .
c'mon people this thing matches every characteristic of pyrus in terms of the tree 's height and leaf size and gloss .
i 'm saying it 's a pear most apples do not get that tall .
they need to just get rid of color rush jerseys .
they look like something out of a 5 year olds coloring book
itt yeah i was a genius too i read in class look at how smart i am
your post and your happy replies in this thread really contrast with the usual sea of negativity on the internet and cheered me up quite a bit .
if you want to do it privately dm me on here discord or twitter
there is an issue like this that will be fixed this week .
i 'll be taking actions against a very small number of accounts who have been exploiting it too .
arabs came into ira and syria after islam you 're the idiot
original syrian and iraqi city names are not arabic but rather assyrian babylonian and syriac which were not arabic dynasties at all .
arabs are from arabia take a look at the fucking map from roman times and see where is called arabia magna it is today 's saudi arabia .
arabs originate from that area including kuwait qatar etc .
also that one of them was rihanna but barnes denies it
edit did n't think my joke was that bad lol
i like to run a lot of quarters so i have no need for outside linebackers but i hate looking at my team and seeing scrubs at those positions even though i might not use them lol .
honestly i think that 's all they could do with pags because otherwise they would have to go back and look at anyone else that is marginal .
as well as using acres for land measurement and having a 740 area code .
it was super fun but the first season was so flawless that it 's almost unfair to compare the two .
that 's only if you go from park to drive without letting it get back down to idle .
you all should be banned for linking to us and attacking us .
our subreddit is literally one of the most wise ever to exist on reddit .
your very act of linking posting and mocking is the act of being bitter .
are you so blind you ca n't see that ?
do yourselves all a favour and stop mocking us by linking etc .
and yes i 'm hitting the motherfucking report button .
how many hundreds of millions of dollars does israel spend to corrupt us democracy ?
this is precisely why nothing meaningful will be done about israel 's atrocities .
you do n't need to take everything on that schedule its just one track .
as the other poster said look at your major and make sure you 'll finish all necessary courses on time .
provided you do well in off-season i do n't think mcat prep will be too bad but ca n't speak from personal experience on that one just second-hand information .
talk to the hpo office http hpo.rutgers.edu if you have n't already done so to set up a file and get advising .
i 'd say call and ask if you can do that during walk-in hours or if you need to set up an appointment .
in fact u/herewehoagain probably added word is '' to imply that it might not be true .
if i get no interest here i 'll definitely offer it there
there are more parodies and funny stuff than serious spins to the smite soundtrack as i 've seen .
i like how this is what you come back with as the first problem .
not the fact that you 'd be totally bending your dick backwards and fucking breaking it or anything .
picked these up on a whim off grailed for a good price .
definitely satisfied with them pretty unique concept and look .
sorry your submission was removed from r/music because your account is less than one day old .
we have to take these measures to combat spammers it 's nothing personal .
we 'd like you to get to know the place better before contributing so for now just sit back and enjoy the content posted here .
please read this entire reply as we 're trying to help you become successful on reddit .
first time redditors should be aware of reddit 's site-wide guidelines http www.reddit.com/wiki/reddiquette .
if you are planning to submit your own music site or channel in r/music you must read the guidelines for self-promotion on reddit http reddit.com/wiki/selfpromotion .
violating these rules will result in a site-wide shadowban that 's just the way reddit operates there 's nothing we can do about it .
new users should take the time to read the subreddit introduction r/music/wiki/introduction to learn what this place is all about and how we operate .
tomorrow you will be able to comment on threads but not submit posts to r/music .
keep in mind that if you do n't have anything positive or constructive to say in your comment it 's best to refrain from saying anything .
new users must maintain a minimum positive karma score to submit posts in r/music .
again this is nothing personal it 's something we have to do to avoid spammers clogging up our feed to the tune of hundreds of submissions each day .
we ca n't reveal what this score is but we can tell you that anyone who actively uses reddit and is a positive part of the community will have no problem earning their way past this limit quickly .
if you wish to promote in r/music without participating in the community you can buy cheap 5 30 sponsored links http www.reddit.com/advertising .
these will place your music at the top of the page for a couple of days without the need to earn upvotes so everyone will see them .
if you have any questions about reddit please read the reddit faq http www.reddit.com/wiki/faq .
if you are just starting out on your career as a musician r/music is not the place where you want to submit your works-in-progress or first musical creations .
this is the place for finished tracks and albums that are for sale .
there are many other active knowledgeable music communities made up of people like you who will provide feedback advice and technical tips on how to improve your sound .
reddit will even help you to find new band members and learn to play an instrument .
some of the most well known communities are listed below .
r/radioreddit a radio station of redditor-made music hungry for your tracks
the music makers multireddit u/evilnight/m/musicmakers contains 80 communities each dedicated to a different aspect of making music .
there is no better place on the entire internet to get advice and feedback on your own music .
use these resources because they will help you become a better musician .
as you participate in these communities you will quickly earn enough karma to submit your music in r/music and prove that you are an honest user making positive contributions .
we apologize for all of these hoops however there is no other way to protect this subreddit from spammers and users aiming to exploit it .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/music if you have any questions or concerns .
wait who 's the shitty one me or klopas ?
if it 's me i 'm just happy the overly negative terrible ex coach of my team got a little humble pie after criticising players who are clearly better offensively than he ever was i 'm not wishing death or anything .
if you want reassurance i 'll say that while i do n't care much for his pedigree or opinion on the match today klopas is a nice dude and i partied with him in pachuca .
i think the well paid adult is able to take some not too overly negative criticism without suffering immensely .
it comes with the fact that he still has a career putting himself in the public eye after all .
that is why he is well compensated for it .
so i ca n't recognize which egg matches your tsv .
nope it 's supposed to hint at scott 's next game five night 's at a faded letter 's coming today wednesday .
that 's the most un-chinese thing i ever heard .
lived in a chinese neighborhood in malaysia for 8 years .
i typically side with fighters in contract disputes but this dude has done nothing but complain for his entire tenure at bellator .
coker probably has little motivation to use someone who has openly bashed the company .
coker generally has a good reputation as fighter-friendly so i 'll give him the benefit of the doubt .
if you 're going for an optimal build i would definitely say go the route of the bard .
vengeance pally imo is only at its peak when you 're hitting people in the face with a giant sword/axe .
valor bard is more diverse in that it 's still a good pick for going balls deep in combat and you also get a good selection of spells including from other classes down the road !
skip to 3:15 where we have a corner kick and city scores on the counter attack .
look at ivanovic not even jogging but walking back .
he 's in city 's half when they score .
compare that to cahill who at least has the work ethic to sprint back and get in decent position .
also skip to 6:25 mikel with no defensive positional awareness lets the city player run right by him .
this is n't the left testicle but its the right testicle for a good time !
i thought that the ending could be a happy one depending on how you look at it .
i do n't remember how much it costs but they charge by the truckload
i read this article http variety.com/2016/film/opinion/batman-v-superman-warner-bros-superhero-suit-1201749164 about exactly what you 're saying .
this has got to be one of the worst branding performances in film history and clearly warner bros. has a lot to think about .
as you so eloquently put it it is truly insane !
you should post them all together when you finish .
and it works the other way too—a magnetic field will impart a force onto a moving charge .
with atoms that have electrons that are sort of free to move around .
they 're charges too so they 'll feel a force .
the force causes the electrons to move and that 's what causes the current to flow .
to be more concrete emf is inducted when there is a change in flux magnetic field perpendicular to surface plane over time .
so one wire will induce a varying magnetic field and that magnetic field will induce a emf in the other wire .
it was like 1-3 a plate so it was n't horrible i ate about 14 plates and then they just stopped refilling the tuna and gave me the death glare .
you would think when talking about everything surrounding his son 's death the ex might come up once or twice at least from the dil though .
i would assume she 's dead but it 's not out of the realm of possibility that the ex wife is alive out there somewhere .
i 'm just a casual fan of bernie and trump who wants to let you know of some of the negative repercussions of high volume multi group phone bank sessions .
you guys keep doing what you do and i wish you the best come tuesday .
let 's make america great again by making the voters feel the bern !
you did not include the image 's resolution the width and height in pixels in the title .
you should put the resolution in brackets at the end of your title .
please check the faq in the sidebar for information on how to find the resolution .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/foodporn if you have any questions or concerns .
anyone else annoyed by people uploading the videos to the subreddit ?
it 's easy karma and we were all going to see it anyway .
i did this too on a case by case basis .
even working a kind of shitty service job i would bend over backwards for customers that were polite/understanding .
if a larger customer was feeling uncomfortable about not fitting into a booth but asked nicely for a table i 'd do my best to accommodate them in a timely fashion .
like there was this elderly couple who had a standing brunch res and the wife was in a wheel chair .
i 'd hold a large table at the front of house for them because the first time they came in while i was working i did n't know she was in a wheel chair and was holding a table at the back that would have been a really tight fit for her .
they were so cool and nice about waiting so from that point on they automatically got vip treatment .
the difference is boxing is the point of the sport .
the point of hockey is to put a puck in a net .
people who watch bumfights would be a better comparison .
i 've only used the one called the eso app '' .
i 'm on iphone now i 'm unsure if you can get it for other os phones .
i like my men how i like my coffee strong
oook i got to change my password but now it says that i have no login permission ... ffs
this is when you sue the individual police officers '' for unlawful imprisonment .
deve ter um pôster no teto do quarto dele assinado .
i have been working in a bar too and let me tell you you dont lose your job because of a little fight with a patron shit happens and sometimes there are patrons that are assholes like the lemon-lady and your boss knows that .
even if that was true that would not make the claim any less valid .
i 'm not saying that the singularity is going to happen next week on thursday at 12.30 pm and humanity is going to spend the rest of eternity in paradise .
i 'm just saying that the concept of humanity changing technology due a super intelligent ai is in no way kurzweils idea or a far fetched concept .
it is a ideas that many cs agree on on a more liberal side while many are on the more conservative side .
i tend to agree with the ones on the more optimistic side and i believe that side is supported by evidence .
it does n't make any sense to accuse someone of being religious about something that is n't faith based .
every human being on this planet is guided by darwinist drives .
weather that be work religion passing your genes on with your children .
if i was not a cs just some laymen who thought we were going to birth god in computer in 2030 and save humanity that does n't mean it still would n't happen .
in my experience most researchers are more conservative in person .
i happen to agree with these researches on the conservative side just like i agree with the ones that are more liberal on the concept .
there are plenty of ai and machine learning researches that believe the intelligence explosion due to the advancement in ai is due early in the 2st century and some a little latter .
i happen to be on the liberal side that believes an optimist outlook on superhuman ai is most likely the most important scientific endevour humanity is current facing .
the phalanx could have ripped the plane into shreds .
the iraqis have shown back in the 80s how to attack such vessels by firing missiles from a distance .
you may get less conventional structured finance experience but you will learn everything about how that company works and you may be trying your hand at tasks you otherwise would n't get to for years it being a small new company without a heavy admin structure yet .
i learned more and did more at startups than i ever did at established tech companies .
you could get answers and your opinion was listened to .
to be fair i do that with anybody just to show i have a little interest and to show that we share the knowledge of a lesser known fact it 's not to tell it to them so they know .
been farming those too while other people just stumbles across the drop ... rng for ya '
19 vigor,24 attunement,40 endurance to deal with multiple phantoms 20 vitality,16 strength,40 dex,9 intelligence,60 faith,7 luck .
or something like that i have it written down somewhere.at 140 i 'd just dump into vigor.around 180 or so is where it would rival my 129 build in dks1 .
the companies owning the ip track that through the torrent you connect to short explanation it 's a little more complex than that .
good thing he only carries a fanny back with a secret sleeve '' !
edit the secret sleeve is the man 's zipper .
there are racists everywhere we do n't need to be pinning this on blackhawks fans .
did you feel the h1 antagonistic properties to be significant for nortryptiline ?
that wasnt his statement it was narration by the author complete canon clementine is slightly stronger then the fencer
more baseless bluster gazef and brain were on par with each other during the tournament without brain seriously training afterwards he spent years training as hard as he could so there levels would have remained equal
i do n't think brain was ever going to lose that fight with zero .
brain needed his super technique in order to beat him but zero could attack him without entering the range of his super attack and had a super attack of his own
at best it would have been a double ko but if zero used his full power punch brain would have died
besides it 's been clearly stated by the windflower scripture how ridiculously strong clementine is .
no you just think it was i cant find any such scene in the novel so at this point its just your delusions ... unless you can manage to find it
meanwhile beacon hill 's elevators which only have two buttons spell out where the buttons go .
lmao i wonder how far i would need to come down to see this..
i will definitely have to call and see if it 's already covered and if not then i will definitely have to get it added on in the case that they do want to touch up their masterpiece . ''
they do n't understand basic economics doubt they understand safe sex .
you do n't need an i7 for gaming an i5 is fine .
but if you want more threads cause you use multiple programs while you game go for it .
forgive me but how does a processionally-designed project avoid poor workmanship at the build stage ?
just a tip some girls use tinder to get free food or drinks .
just like in real life except it 's easier here shit i bet that someone could eat for a month free .
dates are only as awkward as you let them be so do n't let them be .
no dinner or movies for first dates is a basic rule in tinder and in life .
go out to do something that you might not normally do or even a quick drink is good better if you can make it part of the date .
also and this is unique to app dating you want to overbook your date nights .
have more than one girl lined up for that night guaranteed you will have the flake or ghost you the night of .
if you end up having to be the one to cancel do n't be a dick just text the ones who lost and say that you had something come up and reschedule .
you shouldnt be punished because you didnt know that murder isnt allowed
both kurzawa and guerreiro flopped so it wasnt that hard to have a better season than them lol but yeah ricardo was astonishing really good defensively and really awesome going forward really one of the players that surprised me the most alongside ndoye and guilbert at cb
people in comments are soooo skeptical for no reason .
as both a server and a person who 's bitched to my friends about shitty service before this is completely plausible .
i 'm a really outgoing and extroverted person so i 'm very friendly and worked super hard as a server but i fucked up sometimes and the kitchen could be outrageously slow so i 've had my fair share of unsatisfied customers .
my anxiety goes through the roof when this happens .
i do n't make that much anyway and worrying i 'll be stiffed is the worst feeling .
i do n't blame or hate on people who do n't tip because i was busy and they had to wait to order their appetizers or drinks or whatever or if i forgot something .
it 's busy and i 'll probably make a fair enough wage that night anyway because of the volume of tables .
but when people do n't tip when they 're my only table and everything goes right and on time and i 've had great interactions it 's awful .
i can remember specifically 5 groups that did this in a 3 year period ...
a wealthy dude with a fucking amex black card on what seemed like a first date left 4 on a 200 check i could n't help but the guys instagram later because i knew he was a douche and he had literally instagrammed a table with stacks of 100 's on it .
another bad one was a family who seemed really sweet .
asked me about what school i go to my major my plans after grad ... ... .
did n't leave a tip or even sign their check .
it was a slow day and they were my only table in a 6 hour shift .
i missed my best friends birthday party to wait on their fat ugly kids and laugh at their stupid jokes
meanwhile raw astora 's straight sword easily carrying me through all of early game np .
the winner wins the loser inherits the curse of cloud 9 . ''
you can reach steve argyle the artist in multiple ways
you can also get a aftermarket headlight bracket that is shorter in length than the oem so you can fit the clip ons on top of it .
i 'm sure she 'll understand you want your baby to enter a more secure home environment
i ended up running around the room for quite a while .
eventually the doors opened and more enemies came out .
nope there 's the new mantle and the over cover grab .
i have several videos that are not let 's play stuff with over 3k views .
then the lets play stuffgets like 60 at most .
i gained 44 subs from a video i made on fighting games .
the rest of my channel does not follow that videos format .
i very rarely remember mine but a friend of mine in high school showed up looking really distraught one morning .
when i asked if she was ok she told me about how she had had this terrible nightmare where she had been raped .
she felt like she knew who the rapist was but she could n't quite remember .
after lunch she came running up to me in the hallway telling me that she had remembered who it was and was looking just as distraught and confused as earlier .
i remember who it was ... .it was big bird . ''
believe me nothing 's harder than trying to console a friend who 's had a vivid nightmare about being raped by big bird while trying to keep a straight face .
so no actually i dont like that cast but gilly is good .
just tell people you 're a woman and then try to defend yourself .
you give up after 400 dicks and 200 being called a fat ugly slut .
ohh so tumbler or are there actually people who call themselves social justice warriors ?
seems kronos ' account creation is 'broken ' and no one cares to fix it .
correct me if i 'm wrong but i do believe that he 's put people away with the kinshasa variation of the boma ye in new japan many times .
firstoff you still need to be able to skirmish in close quarters with more capable heroes when you do n't have time to set up .
second while bastion stomps things in turret mode your tradeoff is basically a state of kill or be killed .
you have to be able to immediately start firing at exactly where a widowmaker or hanzo is as soon as you have the option .
that being said i think it can play out .
my aim is decent but i switch out of turret mode before i have to reload typically .
and no matter how smart you are with positioning you 'll eventually have to go toe to toe with reaper tracer etc. looking to dislodge you .
i did the same thing back on my first play through of this game .
there has n't been a week this indecisive since the legendary devin shepherd 's hoh in week 2 .
mate can u add me pls ? u got the perfect combination for me .
can you really justify gaining an extra hundred or so per attack to just not even have the other priest skills ?
given my penchant to ignore utility in favor of a little more damage yes .
unlikely but its what i would do despite the lack of utility .
you lose revive and ressurection for sure as well as the mass heal .
but you do get sizeable teamwide buffs with the capella .
the entire point in my mind of going chaplain at all is for the damage .
and with that in mind i would say that any less per attack is less damage for a damage build .
were you to want to go for a more utility and support build i would n't go for chaplain at all .
but hey if someone else has a better idea i 'm all for it .
unfortunately it has been removed for the following reason s
if you have any questions please message the moderators http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fthedivision and include the link to the submission .
is it funny that i thought the milestone you were talking about was the 42.4 mpg .
is n't the bee population more or less returning though ?
next friday night hawks v crows is set up to be a great game .
also are the mew codes for pokemon 20 anniversary event ?
she also looks like a country music singer now .
in 2014 there were 114 900 measles deaths globally – about 314 deaths every day or 13 deaths every hour .
the author/publisher writes melanie 's marvelous measles was written to educate children on the benefits of having measles and how you can heal from them naturally and successfully .
often today we are being bombarded with messages from vested interests to fear all diseases in order for someone to sell some potion or vaccine when in fact history shows that in industrialized countries these diseases are quite benign and according to natural health sources beneficial to the body .
my mom walking in on me cutting myself crying while taking a bath one night .
i will never be able to forget the confusion hurt in her eyes .
i sought help medication and just recently celebrated my 22nd birthday with my amazing boyfriend our cat .
it 's a one day at a time thing of course but i 'm doing much much better now
i have a friend who made a tetori monk a few weeks ago .
he loves it and organizes game specifically to play it but since i play magic users and tend to never get grappled unless they catch me by surprise i had no idea how the rules worked .
here 's what i 've found that 's incredibly silly
greater grapple http archivesofnethys.com/featdisplay.aspx ? itemname=greater 20grapple is really oddly worded .
it says this feat allows you to make two grapple checks each round to move harm or pin your opponent but you are not required to make two checks .
you only need to succeed at one of these checks to maintain the grapple '' but it does n't make sense when you take into account the fact that grapple rules already let you hold your grapple and then take any of the listed actions anyway .
it follows up by saying that you only need to succeed on one check to hold the grapple but i thought that was implied ?
you do n't get the other check if you fail to hold the grapple right ?
the same friend wants to slam his opponents like a wrestler .
i tell him to use an unarmed strike and call it a slam but he really wants to pick them up and toss them onto the ground .
i ca n't see why this would n't be covered assuming i 'm not just missing it .
you are allowed to move a target while grappling him at half speed .
it seems odd to have to ask but does this work like greater drag http archivesofnethys.com/featdisplay.aspx ? itemname=greater 20drag ?
the feat line to get to it is rather long and one has to wonder why grappling does the same at half the speed without having to invest in those feats .
here 's an odd one what if the grappler decides to relinquish the primary grappler '' condition to a teammate ?
all in all i think these rules really really need a rework or in-depth explanation as badly as the stealth and lighting rules .
i just never knew because i did n't need to .
i follow a rule in 3v3s ... if the majority votes for it i will reluctantly vote as well .
i also have a rule for 2v2s 3v3s for those that vote to forfeit prematurely .
when/if we make a comeback tie up the game at the very least i will then ask to forfeit .
kinda like a fuck you for wanting to ff earlier '' .
it would explain jhin 's obsession with both theater and death .
i do n't think they actually are connected but it would be insanely cool if they were .
schools in northern states have traditionally started later around september 1st because many school buildings do n't have ac and it 'd be too hot to hold classes in much of august .
down south more school buildings have ac because you need it more than a few hot days in july august .
no because you can carry a ton of armor as well but that does n't mean that the one you have equipped should be invisible
dream scenario rams take wentz nobody pays cleveland 's asking price goff falls to four .
more realistic scenario i would be fine with rams take wentz dallas trades up to two and takes their guy .
instead of cutting a flap in your eye they remove the outer protective layer of the eye then go in with the corrective laser .
it has a slightly more difficult recovery time not by much but the advantage is that after the outer protective eye layer regrows you 'll have a completely normal eye .
with lasik there is a permanent flap which can in rare cases come loose which is why people who play contact sports are n't recommended to do lasik .
i did pretty well cueto salazar martinez i just look at the draft recap and see that i took harvey 3 picks before keuchel when i could have grabbed him instead and i feel genuine sadness .
you do n't think the circumstances are a bit different ?
while this is a great way to view it the problem is that not everyone does view it that way .
if the idea that humans had subspecies became widely accepted you are going to get people who use this as a way to conceptualize different ethnicity as other '' and it is very easy to commit acts of violence and brutality on the other '' .
its this very conception that resulted in slavery in america as well as the holocaust and other acts of enslavement/genocide .
by viewing your target as not human or at least not the same human as you are hence other '' it dehumanizes them .
think of how our world is today and then think of what would happen if we had to scientifically categorize the population into subspecies of humans .
that is literally the only good thing about maryland .
in all other regards the state is fucking terrible .
bronjahm is the only black human in the lore that i can think of .
i was about to say what about that one icecrown dungeon boss ? ''
sounds like me comparing my country uk to my ideal socialist world .
ok no one seems to want to point out the obvious .
fargo and the big lebowski are a step above anything else they have done .
i know they are n't edgy picks but i say this as someone who is very familiar with their work .
they are both perfect films and so different from each other even though they came out very close together .
yes as others have said tell them what you think .
if they really are your friends or even true christians they will accept you for who you are and what you believe .
i just hope they do n't end up doing what bleach did .
what a very sweet and kind thing to say .
they just got ta give us the ability to wear '' 2 sets of gear and specs so that we can just have 2x the gear and swap the sets out out of combat of course .
hell make it cost a lot of gold too for each swap idc .
buy that type of stuff wo n't work and wo n't come in to play .
because their titles as landed lords supersede the generic honorary title of prince which is granted to every male of the royal line .
for a historical example open a text about edward iv and look at his brothers ' titles you 're highly unlikely to find anyone calling them prince richard and prince george .
they are always referred to as richard duke of gloucester and george duke of clarence or simply as gloucester and clarence .
edward iv 's sons are collectively referred to as princes the princes in the tower but individually by their proper titles edward prince of wales and richard duke of york .
to put it simply every male of the royal blood is a prince .
it 's an honorary title for royals who do n't have any land .
when a prince gets the title to a piece of land e.g .
duke of york in england lord of storm 's end in westeros he is called by that title instead of prince .
however the title prince can also mean the ruler of a principality in which case it is a landed title .
an example is the prince of wales in britain as well as the prince of dorne prince of dragonstone and prince of summerhall in westeros .
these are two distinct usages of the title prince it can mean either a royal male who has no land or the ruler of a principality .
some more specific westerosi examples and hypotheticals to better illustrate the concept
joffrey and tommen have n't been given any land .
they are therefore called prince joffrey and prince tommen – honorary titles for males of the royal line .
according to grrm robert could have chosen to grant dragonstone to joffrey and storm 's end to tommen – in that case they would have been joffrey prince of dragonstone referred to as prince joffrey and tommen lord of storm 's end referred to as lord tommen .
renly has been given the title lord of storm 's end he is addressed and referred to as lord renly .
had robert chosen not to give him any land he would be called prince renly as a landless male of the royal line .
stannis has been given the title to dragonstone but as a lordship instead of a principality .
that makes him the lord of dragonstone addressed and referred to as lord stannis .
had robert chosen to keep the title prince of dragonstone and give it to stannis he 'd be called prince stannis as the ruler of a principality .
had robert given stannis no land he 'd be prince stannis as a landless male of the royal line .
bran and rickon had n't been given any specific titles by robb by the time they supposedly died .
they are therefore called princes as males of the royal line .
had robb given them lordships they would have been lords of their respective castles .
prince maekar targaryen was given the title to summerhall and called prince maekar as the ruler of a principality likewise for his brother baelor prince of dragonstone .
if daeron ii had made summerhall a lordship maekar would have been a lord .
the rest of the princes at that time had no land and only used the honorary title of prince .
that last example is normal for most of targaryen history – usually the prince of dragonstone was the only one with a landed title .
had no land and only used the honorary title of prince .
this is in contrast to english history where a king 's younger sons and other male relatives were usually given important landed titles .
i 've mentioned some examples above the brothers and the second son of edward iv .
the sons of edward iii https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/edward_iii_of_england issue are also a great example all who lived to adulthood were dukes except for the eldest who was prince of wales .
since house baratheon held storm 's end when robert took the throne he had to give it to one of his brothers or sons along with dragonstone which moved the westerosi model closer to the english one where the king 's close relatives tend to be given landed titles .
existence is a constant dull ache like sore muscles except everywhere .
others have said this too but i also get a burning aching stinging feeling in my chest .
i have n't watched the video yet but when i saw this ad i knew it was a subtle attack on her .
i mean it 's an ad about them their strengths but when contrasted against the clintons it can be seen as a negative ad but only because people make that association .
there are many of these negative '' attacks which is just highlighting the differences between candidates either directly or indirectly .
keep your fingers crossed and here 's wishing you the very best .
given the twists and turns life takes do revel in what you 're feeling right now but ensure that you 're pragmatic enough to recognize things might not always be rosy and be prepared .
i can get up on those front lines and deal great damage .
my navy mp5 has brutal and destructive with savage gloves .
ignoring the fact that he is unavailable for qld this year i wonder how far down the pecking order for qld selection he is .
i was n't calling you stupid just inviting you to prove otherwise .
there 's a subtle difference and it 's basically what i 've been saying all along here .
i 'd bet money that it 's not because of single parenting in and of itself but rather the poverty that often accompanies single motherhood .
sergeant haldar http www.nndb.com/people/813/000025738/branagh-1.jpg is 5'9 '' and physically in shape as befits a stormtrooper .
he looks slightly lean but is strong as a soldier should be .
the only thing that would distinguish haldar from any other stormtrooper sergeant would possibly be distinguishing himself by saving his co in the field and earning his promotion from corporal to sergeant .
for me it 's because what went wrong with the templars was that they were n't held accountable for their actions by higher authorities capable of disciplining them and there 's distressingly little accountability among proponents of mage liberty as well i.e fiona .
i 'm curious to see how the college actually manages corruption and misuse of power among them or if they decide their responsibilities stop with securing freedom .
it 's a pretty nice mmo if you 're someone who enjoys them .
let me know if you do decide to play and i 'll get you invited to the guild i 'm in .
they do a lot of helping each other out .
anyone know where i can cop the yeezus logo thing on top of the book case in 17 ?
you can obviously provide these in pure culture but it 's not enough to convince the fungus to do what you want .
the mycorrhiza is a highly specialized exchange structure and the truffle 's reproductive phase must be developmentally tied to the association in other ways than simple nutrition .
it 's like getting some rare exotic mammal to breed in captivity you can supply all the apparent basic requirements but their natural ecology is not adequately mimicked and they still wo n't do it !
since i die a lot in dark souls and never give up that means i 'm persistent hence i can do anything as long as i do n't give up .
just you wait my cheeto infused fingers and mountain dew^^^^^^tm stained lips will help me succeed in life .
now we need swifty to talk about it since vanilla where his glory days pretty sure he does give a fuck .
it seems the reflexive changes the meaning quite a lot .
i guess to agree with myself '' is to remember '' .
rifts earth as its called bascially only requires either the rifts main book or the rerelease rifts ultimate edition .
basically lays out the rules character creation and some of the world .
the rest of the setting is in the releases of the rifts 'world books ' which are little locations in the setting you can visit .
like rifts atlantis which is ruled by evil monsters who have set up a island shopping mall safari after atlantis rose from the ocean rifts england where a 'neo-camelot ' has turned up etc .
then of course there are source books like for the black market or well the groups that make it up bionics etc etc or the book of magic .
the problem with rifts is that well ... the rules are terrible .
however the setting itself is both insane and really interesting .
it 's been termed the rpg that everybody reads but nobody plays for a reason .
bascially if you do want to play rifts pick up the ultimate edition its on drivethrurpg and one of the stting books for where you might want to play .
you could pick up books on magic or books on cybernetics but its probably not necessary at the start .
however there is a upcoming savage world conversion of rifts setting so maybe you could wait on that ?
savage world will probably have a lot more sensible rules than the actual palladium ones .
edit nevermind answered my own question by bothering to read further
this is basically the norm in norway these days .
you 'll be hard to find a job as a pure graphics designer because they all want web design/development as well .
to the point where i 'm now going back to school to learn more while the job market stabilises .
even the professional headhunters are recommending that they just ca n't get you a job .
i will get into this later today username is ryios .
i 've always wondered how after the referendum which voted no was tsipras ' internal coup and purge of the party of the left elements like varoufakis was seen by the greek people ?
how did you see tsipras ' capitulation to the troika even though according to varoufakis they had numerous weapons '' up their sleeve to basically corner the troika that were never deployed some powerful enough that it 's said they could have actually destroyed the eu
hello drfudd2001 your post has been removed because posts without a detailed body of text are considered low-effort and are not allowed .
you 're welcome to amend your post and resubmit it .
if you 're posting a discussion post or question consider answering your own question or providing some discussion starters .
please visit the rules page r/anime/wiki/rules for more information .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/anime if you have any questions or concerns .
if they will be like the crysis 1 vegetation im ok .
sad this will get buried here even sadder they are sending the w.h.o to investigate
around one hour after being given a second round of the measles vaccine in idlib on tuesday the children demonstrated signs of severe allergic shock said abdullah ajaj a physician administering the vaccinations at a medical center in jarjanaz according to ap .
the second round of vaccinations began in idlib and deir ezzour on monday .
short of deliberately poisoning a few dozen out of every several thousand doses an allergic reaction is literally the only thing which could cause anaphylactic shock within an hour of the injection .
and if you really think they 're just poisoning people at random with a substance that causes death thought symptoms identical to an allergic reaction within an hour of the vaccine being administered just so that everyone knows what did it i 'd love to hear what theory is .
come on this is a place for conspiracy theories let 's hear yours .
after that you can work on explaining what maaagical mechanism caused the global measles rate to drop from 4,211,431 in 1980 to 462,186 in 2014 .
my doc recommended the combo three times daily 25mg of b6 and half a unisom .
i found that if i kept it up regularly for a few days it did actually make a big difference !
op asked for suggestions and i tried to think of something .
for the record i do n't particularly like fate and i rarely suggest it .
i hope you feel better about whatever 's bothering you .
you 've no go a wee link to the results do you ?
i do n't always laugh out loud but when i do it 's to this gif .
anyone know if the map is available on file share and if so what gamertag would one search to download it ?
well apparently i do have a intimidating something about me or so i'v been told but i really do n't see it i 'm quite short and pretty skinny too xd
plans wish i could trade out everyone but that would mean they 'll all do well next week .
forced to trade johannisen due to month long injury .
hard to be optimistic when you had papley on the field .
i realized one day that i 'd stopped inviting them to anything because i knew they 'd spend the whole day complaining and ruin it .
it 's alright to point out occasional negatives that you perceive .
that should n't be the only contribution you are able to make .
it ca n't be enjoyable to be that miserable with everything around you .
i just hope that people who are that consistently unhappy can recognize it and try and fix their outlook .
if you want to be somebody else change your mind .
run around the outer circles only hit the weaker zombies or exploding cows that are dangerously close to you while occasionally taking a swipe or two at zemo
you 're going to have to do a shit tonne of mobility work over your weightlifting career anyway so why not start now ?
it just was n't long enough it did n't have enough raids to support lockouts and the horrid rng system at launch and the story '' was a fucking train wreck .
up through the beta destiny was going to be the game '' for me .
its basically the game i had always dreamed of .
but skip ahead 3 months and i found myself burdened by what was the videogame equivalent of an emotionally abusive girlfriend .
so cutting her off was the only healthy option .
it was more interesting living through their inception codmw2 was the first pc game i played where you could n't just share maps and where you would have to pay for more it was crazy to me then and it is still something that puts me off of games on occasion i get dlc i just do n't like having a feature taken away .
that price does n't seem competitive for such a mundane tool nor is the claim for precision justified or necessary .
maybe if the bits were custom machined but this is literally a 35 1/4 '' hex driver with third party bits .
also an aluminium handle sounds kinda sweaty and prone to slippage .
i wonder if it 's wwf vader or wcw vader or maybe even japan vader she 's seen .
well the definition of racism is the belief that all members of each race possess characteristics or abilities specific to that race especially so as to distinguish it as inferior or superior to another race or races . ''
that 's one common but very broad and somewhat vague definition .
the shortest most accurate is discrimination based on race or ethnicity '' .
you 'll notice discrimination to be a key feature also in your definition expressed in the form of superiority versus inferiority .
then it would n't be racism but if phrased neutrally just an objective statement supported by scientific research .
example people with darker skin color have higher amounts of melanine . ''
or statements related to how predisposed darker people are compared to brighter people regarding sun burns or whatever .
it 's when you make statements about a race that are not inherent to that race and usually this is done in a discriminatory manner to make one race appear superior or inferior over others .
according to statistics latino and black people are more prone to criminality .
it would be racist to assume latinos and black people to be criminals because of their race .
there are in fact other underlying problems again not directly linked to race that would explain the differences .
so if you meet a black person and a white person and judge the black person because he is more prone to criminality you 'd be entirely right .
you 're judging a person on his race for things that are not directly related to race .
hell even if 90 of a race consisted of criminals it 's wrong to assume someone is a criminal just because of that race .
you do n't know someone is a criminal by looking at his skin color .
also apparently somalis generally have lower iq than 70 while the average is 100 .
can you cite the proof that somalis have a lower iq because of their race ?
not to mention that somali is more a nationality than a race but the principle still stands there may we thousands of other reasons why their iq is lower .
it may even be that their race has a higher iq but other factors lower it .
the point is you ca n't judge someone based on their race because of some correlations .
my point is that racism exists because it 's true
by now you should be aware that your point is dead wrong .
and you should n't be deemed a bad person for being a racist .
in a society where people advocate for treating people fairly racism does make you a bad person .
you 're making generalizations of people because of factors that have nothing to do with the other factors you 're generalizing about .
yeah depending on the source around 40 and i have seen up to 90 but i think that 's a load of bullshit of the land in completely uninhabitable here .
i think the country is like the 6th biggest by land mass but i think its the second or third lowest pop density .
it 's all because the middle is so fucking hot really .
adjusting for cost of living someone cleaning toilets in the uk still earns significantly more than someone cleaning toilets in a poorer country .
well that has nothing to do with memri which was your original point .
you frankly make as much sense as a sack of potatoes in a hockey rink .
agreed i 've played enough loot games to know that if you dont enjoy the core loop of gameplay then theres no point in chasing the loot drops because all you 're doing is improving your stats in order to do more duck/shoot/advance .
someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit
footer if you follow any of the above links please respect the rules of reddit and do n't vote in the other threads .
i believe hes had an arm injury for the past 3 years.. lul
anyone else notice the title of this thread is completely made up ?
the link contains absolutely nothing about get the truth out about gamergate '' or anything similar .
seemingly netscape just wanted to try to associate gg and sa with each other despite the fact that gg were among the first people calling out their proposed sjw doxxing website .
i wonder why he would want to do that ?
in two days it 'll have been two years exactly since he fought rda .
not that long ago '' is n't entirely accurate .
they do n't have to listen to you and you do n't have to be correct .
even if some do only simple mixing at least they do mix a shit ton of thier own tracks in the set .
it may not be a easy thing but it will be funny !
you seem to have missed few classes in school about human anatomy and physiology ...
this is clearly our best team on paper lets see if they manage to play ball .
i 've noticed that when we play without wingers we get very narrow and horrible in possession .
i think thats one of the reasons why miha went away from his initial idea of playing like this .
when we have players out wide its easier to get the ball rolling when nobody is moving .
it 's a shame he did n't have a sniper rifle .
take them all out with a single bullet while racking up an achievement .
put the breakdown vids on youtube and it would quadruple the amount of views and discussion it gets .
i hate the nrl site and hate the nrl video player more .
if i ca n't watch on youtube i probably ai n't watching .
but running crouton makes the chromebook significantly less secure so it 's not for everyone
now we need swifty to talk about it since vanilla where his glory days pretty sure he does give a fuck .
can make friends or return filth and all of someone 's dredge cards to their hand .
people have to spend way too much time to just cast their votes in caucuses and the organization sucks in most states .
but what happened in nevada and colorado is there are predefined rules .
you 've to show up for the next level caucus if you 're a delegate .
if you dont have the time to do it dont be a delegate .
bernie supporters and campaign make sure their delegates show up but hillary 's dont .
i have the same opinion about hillary sending out thousands of absentee ballots in washington .
same case of hillary supporters bringing surrogate ballots for wyoming caucus .
some think it 's immoral but imo it 's bernie campaign 's weakness that they failed to do the same .
breaking news samson meow pretty much irrelevant now that industry and users see him as nothing more than a paid troll that brings nothing to the table .
ive heard of people having sleep paralysis and hallucinating the devil or an old woman commonly known as 'the hag ' in their bed sitting on their chest and stopping them from moving .
i was in a half-sleep where i thought i 'd woken up but a terrifying old woman was lying next to me in my bed eating me hand not nice
it 's mainly for people who are n't from london but are looking for stuff to do .
if you play in a 5 stack youre rating will only really go up .
i had a bronze 35 win chance player on my team against a 2 plat 2 diamond 5 stack .
of course they are going to win but what does their rating really mean if they are just grinding against solo queued bronze/silver players for free rating ?
if a game lets you draw penises for others to see you do it at least once .
does n't matter how mature you are you just have to do it .
that 's not hidden '' at all more like a normal stamp with compass decoration .
jesus a drunken crowd at a concert can get their arms in snyc better than that .
in shenzhen you can take the subway to bao'an and visit the real china .
heck even the road to the airport offers an authentic tier-88 experience .
okay backstory first ... so i used to be obsessed with disc golf .
revolution bags were the shit ... .with phenix straps !
i took some hate on forums because discraft was n't innova .
buzzz wasp were no good because they were n't rocs .
dynamic discs was a new company ... i still main my wizard which ruled all with their logo on it .
anyways i got married had kids yada yada ... now i 'm back .
and boy has the whole landscape of disc golf changed ...
who btw i realize that he 's a polarizing player who seems to get a lot of hate thrown his way ... but as a player fan of the sport i ca n't get enough of .
i 'm watching disc golf tourneys on youtube now just to watch this guy play he 's amazing !
basically there are so many new disc companies that i 'm just beyond words when looking at it all .
i used to have it all figured out ... now i do n't even know where to start .
over the years i 've lost a few discs here and there and now that i 'm playing again i need to roound my bag revo w phenix !
i just lost my z predator so that 's one slot i need to fill .
i 've got about 40 to spend tomorrow at pias .
i 've never liked this disc ... yet i still have it
beat ss wizard old dd stamp ... main putter/everything under 200
new ss wizard going to use this off the tee
but it felt amazing i had to have it .
so i know i need to replace the pred firebird maybe ? .
i 'm wanting to ditch the cyclone because it 's never felt comfy in the hand to me .
maybe a leopard or fd i think i 've read that they 're good ... ?
there are times that i wish i had a really overstable midrange .
or i could just power down on the firebird or whatever replaces the pred ?
i know that there are a ton of new discs that i 'm unaware of so please give me your suggestions thoughts behind them .
i 'm dying to get caught up on everything .
also any other glaring holes i 'm overlooking lem me know .
thanks everyone and my apologies for being so long-winded !
hello everyone so i made an attempt to quit 4 days ago everything was going fine but this morning a friend of mine handed me a cig and i could n't resist and smoked it .
i am so mad at myself i messed up my 4 days of not smoking and i only had mild cravings in the process ...
anyway while smoking the cigarette i noticed that i did n't enjoy it .
my heart started beating like crazy after returning to normal for 4 days and it only caused more stress .
i love feeling normal i love smelling/tasting/breathing normally but stupid me could n't resist saying no to that cigarette .
how am i going to prevent this from happening again ?
what i mean is if i were to put a champion concept let 's say a female half orc/orc .
a. actually look at it no need to respond but to let us know that you do see them
i do n't wan na waste my time to make a concept if you do n't look at them xd .
sure there are things we 'd like to improve about our lifestyle but that 's not what this is about .
here 's where i 'm at aside from my incredibly loyal and wonderful spouse i have a pretty shit track-record with people .
a couple years ago it all came to a head at once .
a project i was working on with 4 other people for several years broke apart suddenly whereby one participant in that project who had never indicated prior to that time they had any issue with me did a full 180 and turned on me .
the remaining people in the project one of them someone who had been a friend '' for over 10 years watched this happen and this person attack me and kept their mouths shut .
around the same time as this project coming to an end i had a fall-out with a best friend '' who could n't be troubled to remember my birthday i never forgot theirs and when reminded seemed not to care in the least that it bothered me .
suffice to say a long track-record of disregard had manifest from this person.. and i could n't ignore it any longer .
i felt like i deserved better.. and when i stood up for myself people disappeared .
i was pretty deep in the hole emotionally for a long time after that .
i ended up visiting a psychologist for a couple of months .
i went in because i felt i had an anger problem.. what i had was depression that was pushing me into angry outbursts .
we worked a lot on it.. for a little while i was feeling better .
i made changes in my life starting with finding a new job because the one i had at the time was tearing me apart at the seams .
i 've been trying to convince myself that what he said is true that it is n't my fault that a lot of people are just pieces of shit and that the people that have hurt me or abandoned me are not a reflection of my value or worth and that i am still a good person even if others ignore it or try to obscure it .
while it 's true that the former friends i had were lost to both myself and my spouse they were all connected to us by way of me .
my spouse still has friends and family with whom contact is maintained daily .
i hear my spouse 's phone beeping all day with messages from friends/family .
i have no such connection to anyone other than her.. and what scares me most of all is the fear that my spouse will get tired of being my only friend the only person to whom i speak and with whom i spend free time when not alone etc .
it terrifies me that my spouse might get tired of me.. but on the same token at this age i do n't meet new people often i do n't really run into opportunities to make friends .
side note i work from home.. which is awesome i do n't want to make friends at a job as i 've fallen down that pit before and it just causes trouble .
i 'm sure this seems like a lot of stupid rambling.. and if i get no replies that 's okay .
honestly i 've got an email in to my psychologist to see about resuming sessions to work on this.. but it 's on my mind so here is where i 'm stuck
i 'm loyal honest dedicated ready to have the back of a real friend any time any place in any way i can .
i can not recall ever having done any of my former friends dirty lied to them cheated them or hurt them in any way .
if i have then i am unaware and no one has told me .
i 'm not unwilling to hear criticisms or complaints about my actions thoughts or words especially from someone i consider a friend i respect brutal honesty .
be that as it may what i struggle with is understanding how with this list of qualities if i am as good as my spouse and psychologist swear that i am why am i so lonely ?
why is it i 'm alone my phone never rings no one ever wants to spend time with me ?
why does n't it bother any of my former friends that i 'm not around any longer ?
why am i the only one carrying around this weight on my shoulders and most importantly why ca n't i figure out a way to get fucking rid of it ?
i ca n't square the former with the latter .
if i 'm a good person why do i feel so god damn awful ?
in the past week republican presidential candidate ted cruz 's defense of a law making the sale of dildos illegal and punishable by up to two years in prison in the state of texas resurfaced from his time as that state 's solicitor general .
the story sparked a conversation between a friend and i about the details of the case and the bill 's religious inspiration but was stalled by a lack of information on whether everyday fundamentalist christians would support outlawing masturbation .
i have n't found any polls on the issue so in an effort to answer the question i 'm turning to the reddit community for help .
share this survey with your christian relatives friends and fellow redditors !
and please no trolls i 'll share aggregate results as soon as activity halts ! !
b/o 250 pure 15 sticker price 90 steam analyst for the skin itself .
and then the little internet connection error thing does n't show up while i 'm sliding around .
i was going straight for a ball then the game kind of like surged or spiked .
basically it results in me for my view sliding around uncontrollably .
imagine a car with a manual transmission bouncing back and forth when somebody does n't know how to drive one except rocket powered !
the game still runs perfect 60 fps when sliding around too .
is that server side or my computer or what ?
the only thing if it 's my computer would be ram but i 'm not sure .
i do n't think it 's my cpu as usage is fine and then gpu i noticed the usage on msi afterburner kind of fluctuates .
could it be because the game is on my hdd ?
i also quick formatted '' my hdd when i switched from a 5400 to an ssd and 7200 .
instead please make you post and then select the appropriate flair located next to the nsfw button .
anyone using the reddit app will need to log into reddit using a browser to do this
here is a place in which you can rant and rave about polish nails sales or life in general .
please take the time to read over the faq r/randomactsofpolish/wiki/index if you have n't done so and refresh yourself with it if you have n't done so in awhile .
feel free to stop on by and say hi !
you can even put a new thread up and invite people to partake in your polishy shenanigans !
instead please make you post and then select the appropriate flair located next to the nsfw button .
anyone using the reddit app will need to log into reddit using a browser to do this
sanders has talked a lot about companies not paying their fair share and tax havens a huge talking point in the recent days because of the panama papers .
the us gets 11 of his federal revenue with its corporate income tax or around 340 billions .
the way it is right now that money is sitting in bonds in ireland or other tax havens .
what if the corporate tax rate is lowered to 10-15 .
i would argue that the us is seating in the right hand of the laffer curve when talking about corporate taxation and a reduce permanent rate and not a tax holiday will allow companies to bring that money immediately to the economy .
worst case scenario i am dead wrong companies do n't bring back any money at all and the tax revenue decreases by 150 billions
it does not really matter in my opinion if the money that is brought back is spent in corporate bonuses dividends or acquisitions but right now is a huge amount of money that is being stashed overseas or simply spent in acquisitions of foreign companies instead of being circulating and taxed in america .
companies have even moved to canada to lower their tax rates .
the recent deal of pfizer and allergen shows a worrying trend .
companies are trying to leave the us at least nominally to avoid taxes .
the us has a strong legal system and if it had a lower corporate tax rate companies from all over the world would want to establish operations in america .
what could go wrong with a lower corporate tax rate ?
i 've extended the peak of the world map to the southwest into the high country .
the high country consists of mountains and hills that are covered in heather and heath at the base .
they extend up into rocky windswept crags not quite high enough to be snow capped .
lochs lay nestled among the peaks and drain between the sheer cliffs of the fjords to the south into the cold and choppy sea .
to the north extends a northern plain as far as the eye can see .
conifers populate the lowlands and stand in the shade of the high peaks .
feel free to add people who live here i 've named the towns but stay away from the watchtower and the cairns those are mine p
sitting on a lengthy bus ride i 'm thinking to myself about my favourite story one piece .
during marine ford when coby tries to fight luffy and luffy one hits his impressive burst of speed let 's consider coby 's mentality .
i need to do this fight luffy because i 'm a marine . ''
this was difficult for him because luffy is his friend .
coby 's awareness haki awoke he could hear the screams of everyone suffering on the battlefield and wanted it to stop .
still he was motivated enough by his status to fight his friend .
i do n't think coby was considering the consequences of his actions .
if he fought and won against a tattered luffy that 's running on empty who recently went through trauma that docked years to his life i feel that would be the most sickeningly dishonorable thing a man could do in the op universe .
assuming for a moment dracula mihawk was n't right about luffy 's friends always coming to his aid luffy would be apprehended and executed much like ace .
coby would have killed his friend under awful circumstances .
when you view that against luffy 's motives in the situation it really makes coby look like a villain .
of course the world government is corrupt and coby/garp/fujitora and the rest of the marine pals want change but lately i 'm thinking that 's not enough .
i feel that even the desire to become a marine and partake in situations such as the one coby was forced into at marine ford is indicative of being a terrible person .
why was coby so willing to try to take luffys life but so against the lives being taken all around him .
while i 'm here helmetpo or whatever coby 's friend 's name is would also be a great example of this .
he 's never redeemed himself he 's still the same asshole that was gon na kill zoro regardless of the deal that was made .
tldr i 'm pretty sure coby is an asshole .
moreso all marines may be doomed to be assholi .
i woke up one morning and was extremely unhappy in my marriage and could not even explain it .
i knew i had some depression issues and my wife had been trying to hep me with it but that morning i had to leave .
its been almost three years now that i have been away she tried to convince me to come home a hundred times and i just could n't and i ca n't even say why .
but i hurt her by leaving so very much and i just ca n't live with it .
i went on meds after my first try last year took pills but woke up on the floor with vomit around me .
called suicide hotline started seeking councilling for my depression but i started cutting myself a couple months later which surprised me because it actually made a difference and made me feel somewhat better for awhile .
but i tried to stop it and changed meds etc .
i have tried twice more but i 'm too weak i guess to succeed .
i want this to end i hurt so much .
now she has divorced me and i am about to lose our house .
i started giving away everything to go on a trip '' and it 's like i am watching myself do it all .
i know i am heading to some way of ending it and it feels like i want it but at the sae time cant stop it anymore .
is there a way to reduce the difficulty of opponents in casual play too early game for ranked ?
i keep running myself into tough matches it 's just taking me 8 matches instead of 4-5 for my quests ... 2 wins with specific class .
i quest with mage who is my best class lvl 27 if i ca n't use it then i understand that it would be harder for me so i 'm okay with that but since i made an ok deck for mage its nothing special has a decent curve no epics or rares though only commons i also crafted knife juggler but he 's not very good in my deck and piloted shredder who is nice to have .
the last few days it has really been tough perhaps my strategy is off but a couple days ago i was doing much better was progressing and i thought i understood the basics perhaps i had beginners luck and i actually am not very good ?
basically if i lose a lot in casual will my opponents get easier so i do n't have such a hard time in casual ?
decks i face are n't usually amazing but most of them do have cards that i do n't yet .
i can also try playing druid i got ancient of lore who looks really good not sure if that warrants playing him since that 's the only non basic card i have for druid so ...
please help me out i do n't have much time to play each day and do n't want my quests to start going to waste ...
guys what do you think about buying food at naval port in this case not ordinary food like pizza brittanian fish trotters and something else that give a huge xp boost but of course spend a lot silver to buy it though
my question may sound strange i just do n't know how else to put it .
she will make a point of describing these instances during which she was intensely emotional .
she describes herself as having been emotional to the point of crying and screaming with emotion .
at the point when i realized how strong her narcissistic tendencies were those sessions of emotion description '' raised so many questions for me .
to me when she talks about how emotional she is she might as well be describing a beautiful piece of jewelry that is in the other room she makes a point of explaining how extravagantly beautiful it is i have no reason to doubt what she 's saying but i 'm confused why she does n't just show it to me .
i 've never felt that i could connect with her on an emotional level at all in spite of what could seem like emotional openness on her part .
when she does show emotion in real time it also tends to feel as if she just pulls a tool from her toolkit ... and it often feels like the wrong tool or the equivalent of a chainsaw used instead of an exacto knife .
the one time my mom and i overheard her suddenly exclaim in shock while she was talking on the phone .
we were expecting someone had died or been seriously injured ... nope !
i was wondering if anyone else here can relate .
it 's frustrating because her displays of strong emotion completely prevent most of my family members from noticing her n behavior .
or rather her victims blame themselves for any discontentment they have .
her manipulations do get noticed to an extent but because she portrays this fragile sensitive almost saintly nature no one feels validated when she hurts them .
her intense emotional nature and empathy '' of course does not extend to the actual needs of the people around her .
also unrelated but they say a broken bankai can never be repaired though it seems like szayel appelbro shatters renji 's bankai in that bankai cancelling room '' iirc .
there 's a house in ohio that sits in the middle of the woods about nine miles away from society .
they all think it 's a coincidence the things that happened in there .
in just a year or two from now another family will move into that home and i 'll bet all the money in my pocket that they will not last more than a month there .
if they do somehow last any more than a month i 'm scared for what will happen to them .
i moved into the home just two months ago drove the way from pittsburgh .
it was just myself my six year old son sam and our golden retriever max .
from the moment i stepped foot in the home i knew that i wanted to be there for a long time .
the floors creaked the lights flickered and it could get unnaturally cold at times .
also sam thought there was a monster '' in the basement .
it was just the furnace which made very weird and loud noises every once in a while .
what i really could n't deal with was the noise i woke up to almost every night .
on the first night that it happened it was around three in the morning .
the dog was always barking around this time but it was n't necessarily that which had awoken me .
it was the constant sound of the screen door closing and opening back and fourth .
i looked through the window the trees were still the grass was calm .
it was n't windy out there and yet that screen door was still opening and closing .
i followed it downstairs to the kitchen but not before checking in on sam .
when i entered the kitchen i noticed max barking at the door .
now i thought for sure i had shut the screen door before going to bed that night .
it was almost as if somebody were trying to get inside .
i figured maybe i did forget to shut it and i went back to bed .
i got a job in an office and i worked monday through friday meaning somebody had to look after sam while i was off at work .
i hired a woman sixty eight year old meryl .
she looked after both sam and max but she only lasted a week and i 've got to be honest i saw it coming .
she even mentioned that she had some bad experiences in old homes such as that one .
i was regretting hiring her right then and there but i had no other option than to stick with her .
everything was fine the first two days but on the third day meryl had informed me that there was something in the basement .
she said she heard what sounded like somebody knocking on the door .
not the door leading down to the basement but the second one the one that leads to the second room .
she never went down there said she was too old for that shit '' and that her heart could n't take it .
i told her that it was just the furnace and i convinced myself that it was .
i convinced myself that every noise that came from the basement was just the furnace .
the longer we stayed there the worse things had gotten .
i woke up again to the screen door closing and shutting non-stop .
just like almost every night i got out of bed and headed downstairs .
i noticed the dog was not barking and so i rushed into the kitchen .
i ran outside and screamed for max i was never able to find him but over toward the shack i thought that i saw something .
i ca n't explain what it was that i saw it was too dark but i know there was something or someone out there .
it was not the dog it was something much taller .
it was then that i realized i had n't checked in on sam that night .
i rushed up to his room and as i saw nobody in that bed i felt that i had broken the promise i made to my wife who passed away two years ago .
i promised i would keep him safe no matter what .
but i heard the knocking the knocking that meryl had told me about .
i walked down the basement stairs and i was telling myself that it was just the furnace but i knew it was not .
maybe i should have been running for the chance that sam could 've been down there but i have rarely felt true fear and something about that sound the way it echoed and the thought of who else could possibly be down there had left me horrified .
when i reached the basement i noticed sam standing in front of the door holding wally in his arms .
wally was the ventriloquist doll his mother gave him before she passed .
his eyes were closed as if he were sleepwalking .
i woke him up asked him what he was doing down there .
he told me to come down here '' he said .
he wants me to go inside '' he said .
he said if i do n't he 'll hurt me . ''
it was just a dream '' i said and i was sure of this .
i took a look at the door and around the basement .
there was nothing but old shelves filled with old things the previous owner had left .
i put my ear to the door listening to see if somebody was on the other side .
i pieced it all together and i figured sam had been sleepwalking all those nights and i thought maybe he was the reason the screen door was opening .
i 'm not sure if i was ever that bad but i have a history of sleep walking myself as did my father .
the next morning i asked sam if he 'd seen max before he ran off the night before .
he said he 'd seen him but he said something else i did n't expect to hear .
i got sam dressed up and we went out into the woods .
we walked for over ten minutes but never found anything .
there 's no way a girl would 've been out there in the woods when there are no other homes within ten miles .
there 's no way they 'd be out there burying a dog without my knowledge .
he 'd been sleep walking he could n't tell the difference between his dreams and reality .
meryl had told me about the talk she had with sam .
i 'm only assuming this but i bet it 's the reason she left .
she actually told me straight up that she was afraid of him .
she even asked me if i was abusing him .
she said he likes to talk about the bad man '' and how he 's the one who knocks on the door in the basement .
she asked him if there was a man locked down there as if i were keeping a man locked away in my basement .
sam told her the man was not locked and that he could be wherever he wants to be .
the bad man is right there '' he said pointing at the chair near the fireplace .
he told her that he only sees the bad man in his dreams .
she asked him why he referred to the man as the bad man . ''
sam said his friend jodie told him he was bad .
he said he was told the bad man likes to torture children and that he should never go into that room in the basement .
she showed me a picture he 'd drawn and i lie to you not she was shaking as she handed it to me .
it was a picture of a boy holding hands with a girl .
to the right of them was a a taller person with long hair that covered its face .
he was holding what appeared to be a stick with a human head on it .
i could tell by the large glasses and bushy hair that it was meryl .
the boy was sam the girl was jodie and the taller person was the bad man .
meryl told me my son was the son of the devil '' and that i was the devil himself .
i took my son to see the therapist the next day .
i was kept out of the room during the sessions but the therapist did write it all down .
as his father i was given a copy of every conversation they had .
he asked sam about jodie and as you can expect he told him she was real .
therapist why do you call him the bad man ? ''
sam nodded his head jodie said he hurt a lot of people .
therapist does jodie dream about the bad man as well ?
therapist your father tells me you 've been sleepwalking is this true ?
sam shook his head no i wake up in other places .
jodie said the bad man carries me from my bed .
she said that i should stay awoke forever but i always fall asleep .
therapist what kind of places does he carry you to ?
sam outside in the woods and in the basement .
therapist your father told me about the room in the basement .
therapist why does he want you to go in there ?
sam jodie says he wants to do bad things to me in there .
sam i do n't wan na talk about the bad man no more .
if i 'm being honest the therapist was n't much help .
he only told me what i had already assumed .
sam was making it all up and he may need mental help .
it was something i found out in the woods a few things actually .
i was looking for max walking almost two miles into the woods .
the first thing i found was a toy car and i knew that it belonged to sam .
he was definitely out there in the woods just as he 'd mentioned to the therapist .
i continued searching for the dog only to find something else .
it was a red ball and it had a name on it but i barely was able to tell what it read .
the only letters that were readable was a j d and an e. as i analysed the ball i heard something out there .
i looked up and i saw something i could n't quite explain .
it had already gotten dark out at this point so i did n't see who it was very clearly .
it was n't what i saw the other night this one was much shorter and i was n't sure of this but it looked like whoever it was was wearing a black dress .
it was then that i realized the name read jodie . ''
i called out for her and ran in the direction i saw her run .
i could n't just leave a little girl out in those woods and i also needed some answers .
so many things were going through my mind at a rapid pace .
is this bad man real and someone i should be afraid of ?
the girl disappeared i was n't able to find her but i found something else and i 'm guessing she wanted me to find it .
it was what appeared the be a grave a small one made for a large dog .
i used my bare hands to dig through the dirt hoping i was n't digging up some poor kid 's dog .
just as sam had said max was dead and these two children had buried him .
i could n't help but to think does this mean the bad man is real ?
everything was happening so fast and all at once .
it was something i thought about when i woke up and before i went to sleep at night .
one that i could remember so vividly was the nightmare i had about what appeared to be the bad man .
everything was close to each other so it was very small .
there was rust on just about everything and somehow i remember a smell .
it was an awful smell something like a dead corpse .
i opened the door and i found myself in a room .
the smell as i remember was coming from the man who stood in the center .
his long black hair covered his face but i remember seeing the grin he had .
he did n't say anything he did n't move .
he just stood there his head tilted sideways and stared .
as i looked toward my left i noticed hanging from the ceiling was sam 's doll wally .
i had a feeling i knew what he wanted .
on the other side of the room was another door .
i could hear what sounded like the furnace from our home and i figured maybe i was lucid dreaming .
the last thing i remember is the man walking toward me and i not having anywhere to run .
that nightmare of course was sparked by everything that was happening .
i was woken up by sam 's cries and screams that morning .
i finally got him relaxed and calm but he was visibly shaking .
when i placed my hand on his back to lift him back into his bed he screamed in pain .
i took off his shirt and there were three long scars going across his back .
i told you he 'd hurt me '' he said .
i could n't believe it did n't want to either .
but i looked around the room searching for wally .
i asked sam about it and he said that he 'd left it in the basement .
the bad man has it now '' he said .
i was seconds away from calling the police but i thought about it .
they would n't have believed anything i 'd tell them .
they 'd lock me away for child abuse there 's no doubt about that .
it did n't matter anyways the police showed up a few hours later .
before meryl left she told me she 'd be sending the police to my home .
she said she was certain that i was keeping somebody in my basement and that i was abusing sam .
the policeman just wanted to check out the room in the basement and i allowed him to do so .
i followed him down and i watched as he tried to get the door open .
the only problem was that the door was locked from the other side .
if somebody were in there they 'd be free to leave whenever they wanted .
there was no way in not unless you were on the other side of the door .
the policeman apologized for the disturbance and before he left he told me something that literally took my breath away .
it was something i still think about to this day .
i would n't be surprised if you had a few poltergeist here '' he said .
have you ever heard anything weird or seen anything ? ''
i just faked a smile and i told him i have not .
he asked to take a seat in the living room and we did just that .
i guess you have n't heard about the murders that took place here '' he said .
six children were found dead in that room since 1953 . ''
i was beyond shocked to hear that in fact it goes beyond words to express how i was feeling .
yeah i was working on one of the cases almost twenty years ago now the one about the little girl .
i believe her name was jodie '' he said .
i still remember when i arrived to the scene .
it was something you could never forget how someone could do that to a little girl . ''
well we did find a little diary in the girl 's room .
it talked about how some guy she referred to as 'the bad guy ' i believe was watching her or something .
they arrested the father but i still think the mother had something to do with it .
no way she could n't have known her daughter was dead down there for two weeks .
some even say this place is cursed or haunted .
they say it makes you go nuts and makes you kill your children .
i say that 's some big time bull shit .
they 'll tell you that nothing is wrong with this place do anything to hide the history of it .
if i were you i 'd get far away .
i never really believed in those sort of things ghosts or curses but i just get this strange feeling whenever i 'm here .
you 're afraid ... i can tell that much . ''
i was completely horrified more than i 'd ever been in my entire life .
before he left he told me about the family who lived there two years before us .
they had no children but he said they swore that somebody was breaking into the house at night .
they said they 'd wake up to the screen door in the kitchen opening and closing and the door would be unlocked even though they locked it before going to bed .
he even said the people thought they 'd seen somebody near the shack a tall man with long hair that covered his face .
that same day sam and i left the home for good stayed with my grandparents until we found somewhere else somewhere closer to other people and not in the middle of nowhere .
i did get a locksmith to open that damn door in the basement .
it was wally hanging by its neck from the ceiling .
the thing that really bothered me was the pictures he found taped to the walls .
they were mostly pictures of sam sleeping eating and one of him talking to meryl in the living room .
another photo showed him in the woods burying max in the dirt .
there was nobody else with him but you can see a shadow there a shadow of what appeared to be a girl .
the last photo was of me sleeping peacefully in bed .
based on the date on the photo it was taken on the night i had what i thought was just a nightmare .
the state of ohio would only burn them and bury the evidence that something is deadly wrong in that house .
i 'm not sure who or what the bad man is but if you ever come across him in your dreams just know that it really is n't a dream .
in case you have n't seen it before here 's the link .
i recommend listening on shuffle despite how shitty spotify 's shuffle is .
i recently met someone near the top of spotify at an event he said there 's a team looking to improve it .
i was wondering if those of you that listen to it regularly have songs you skip whenever they come on .
i remove some of the ones i skip but i wanted to know what y'all are and are n't in to .
if you 've got suggestions on things to add comment in this thread .
i was also thinking of adding a bunch of ryuichi sakamoto but i think that 's a little too far out of the r/nujabes demographic .
i really enjoy his work and listen to it often .
take a listen for me and see what you think .
thundercat 's favorite song is la mer which is a sakamoto piece .
i put 1996 at the end of the playlist so go ahead and let me know if you 're into that .
i might leave it anyway but i do n't wan na leave it if i 'm the only one who wants to listen to it .
anyway just thought i 'd drop this again since it 's been a few months .
tomorrow is accepted students day at the college i go to so i 'm gon na try and wake up before noon and read on the quad .
i know finals are right around the corner for the college/university going folk so good luck to all of you .
if you want some study tips or if you just wan na chat feel free to drop me a line .
only doing challenge and the exotic chest then bailing .
we 've been dating for about 8 months as i said before .
here 's my issue i think she is neglecting me .
whenever she gets off work she usually calls me on her way home .
i called her first today and she answered in a tone as if she was annoyed by me calling .
i asked what was wrong and she said nothing .
i heard her female friend in the background and my girlfriend said something that i could n't hear .
i was trying to call and see about her day and she just did n't care at all .
i texted and said that hurt my feelings a little that you just sounded annoyed by my call and you just hung up on me '' and she said sorry . ''
so tonight she was texting me back in the span of like an hour snd a half .
during that time she was also active on facebook .
now im a firm believer in if you can be active on social media you can respond to me '' because it takes literally three seconds to respond to a text .
i then texted and said i do n't really feel like a priority in your life right now or at least you have n't made me feel like it today '' and she texted back and said can you grow up ? '' .
four days ago i was getting ready for school that morning i didnt text her back for about 30 minutes and she got extremely mad and ignored me until about 9 that night .
so im the person thats supposed to fucking grow up ?
because im just trying to talk it out with her that she made me feel a little neglected after she rudely hung up on me and she turned it into an argument .
but it looks like they were designed to run on a track because asphalt roads and concrete footpaths chew up the undersole very quickly .
i would be lucky to have got 100 miles out of mine .
the new road shoe has rubber underneath but i have read some bad reviews about them .
i recently started using heavies russian tier 5 kv-1 and tier 6 t-150 armour pajamas and they just seem to attract flying metal like a black hole for shit .
my playstyle usually favours mobility and firepower but with the new russian steel wall tanks i thought i 'd change it up .
how do i avoid getting my awesome armour smashed to bits and why do i end up surrounded or outgunned whenever i try sidescraping ?
i usually play us if anyone needs sky cancer '' for a platoon i will troll your enemies until they throw a controller .
deng and whiteside http i.imgur.com/jo339t0.jpg go up like they 're going to double screen for dragic but deng sprints through and his defender comes with while whiteside screens .
walker and zeller try to box dragic in but neither put their hands up .
lee who was defending wade should have come in and bumped whiteside but he tries to deflect the pass .
deng 's defender does n't turn around in time to get good positioning and whiteside hits the close shot .
deng and whiteside http i.imgur.com/ceyggq6.jpg set a double screen for dragic .
batum winslow 's defender comes and plants himself in the middle of the paint to stop the alley oop to whiteside .
dragic goes with the open man and passes to winslow http imgur.com/goy6g4a on the wing .
batum goes and tries to defend winslow who misses an open 3 .
zeller tries to box out whiteside but by the time he gets to whiteside from guarding dragic whiteside already has a foot in the restricted area .
a soft bounce towards the front of the rim means that whiteside is in the perfect position http imgur.com/spuk4gl to tip it in and he does .
wade gets a screen http imgur.com/3k6zdku from whiteside on the elbow .
winslow downscreens for richardson on the strong side which keeps their defenders ' attention .
deng 's defender since wade crossed sides he 's now the weakside defender and usually has this responsibility goes in to bump whiteside as wade passes http imgur.com/a8dfwv1 but he 's too slow to get good positioning and gives up allowing an unchallenged dunk .
deng floated to the wing and would have gotten an open 3 if wade saw that/wanted that .
http imgur.com/l0pfs3h al jefferson sucks and allows wade to march him backwards without challenging wade 's dribble .
wade hands it off http imgur.com/y2eaepk to whiteside who dribbles it to the right side of the rim and shoots it right handed and jefferson 's poor speed/positioning means he ca n't really do much .
nobody else on the hornets moves the entire possession sticking to their man .
a wade/whiteside pick and roll http imgur.com/a0zlurn that starts very close to the basket .
to get this positioning wade went cross court on a whiteside flare screen .
when wade catches the ball whiteside screens again and the hornets rotate in a way http imgur.com/hlc1irb that means lin is boxed out and has to somehow reach over whiteside to interrupt the catch while also leaving richardson one pass away completely undefended .
wade passes to whiteside lin ca n't do anything easy 2 .
deng 's man who was already heading towards the basket when the pass went up and was the weakside defender and also not too small to do anything should have been the one to challenge whiteside .
dragic pushed the ball http imgur.com/fabpwif for a transition basket but paused because the hornets had numbers .
still the hornets just forget to pick up whiteside and he runs down the lane unopposed .
deng 's defender williams tries to interrupt the oop but ca n't really get a handle on the ball .
semi transition opportunity and deng goes to give dragic http imgur.com/nptp7sj a screen towards the middle and the hornets to go cover it .
because they did n't get time to set up their defense it leaves the baseline completely open and dragic dribbles in eventually being covered by 3 defenders http imgur.com/hl1cxzu .
he sneaks the pass past all 3 of them to whiteside who gets fouled by batum on the dunk .
richardson gets a double screen to go across the court from whiteside and jj .
this turns into a whiteside flare screen for jj http imgur.com/mwaebpt .
again jefferson is in no man 's land too far back to challenge the shot or dribble but too far forward to defend the rim .
the hornet 's defense possibly thought richardson was going to pass it to wade as wade cut to the strong side low post and those two defenders never cross the paint to challenge whiteside .
this is another semi transition opportunity spearheaded by dragic .
winslow and whiteside http imgur.com/8kbfwdf appear to be trying to double screen for dragic to head towards the middle but whiteside takes too long to get there and dragic just takes winslow 's screen .
dragic hesitates for a split second and when he starts moving towards the middle again lin is trailing him .
al jefferson steps up and completely ignores whiteside who is now simply strolling towards the rim .
since jefferson never puts his hands up nor actually steps close enough to bother dragic it 's a very easy pass http imgur.com/mk7oxth to whiteside for an alley oop dunk .
the heat knew that pick and rolls would be double teamed https twitter.com/ethanjskolnick/status/721886839393673216 .
i do n't think the hornets switched in any of the screens whiteside set that lead to a whiteside score .
dragic wade and jj used this knowledge to freeze charlotte 's big men by moving directly towards them knowing that it would buy the second whiteside needed to get open because no one was going to be able to bump him and slow him down in time .
4 out of 9 baskets come with jefferson on the court meaning its not solely his fault .
the hornets game planned to stop the pass and could n't get in the way of heat 's veteran guards dragic wade and johnson .
here we also see where flexibility is so useful .
when dragic pushes the ball quickly the hornets were clearly in trouble allowing multiple instances of a player driving straight towards the rim uncontested .
teams that can easily switch do n't tend to have this problem because you can just run back on defense and pick up who needs to be picked up .
i would expect the hornets to play a more conservative style in games 2 and on since they played such an aggressive style and generated only 6 turnovers and constantly allowed easy penetration .
it should be a more grinded out type of game .
so we are going into a religious pissing contest i see
we decide to strike right at the center of christianity rome
but before that we need a foothold a tad easier to land on
to this end we declare at once before they get a crapload of allies and at the same time begin construction of additional 2 cogs .
as it turns out ferrara and their vassal modena still couldnt resist the opportunity to get bitten by camels fine !
while we build cogs we also foolishly try to butter up to emperor and more aptly we butter up to ottoman
whom will no doubt feel more comfortable with relation when we got border closer .
with cogs nearing completion we add another camel to the army and improve relation with our arch enemy the holy father before we set sail for urbino .
with urbino fall we set tuscany as rival and get that access through papal land and siege down ferrara/modena
we begin fabricating on rome but the time is getting on us
we look to tripoli as a possible victim for a 2nd no cb
then we see our diplomats are productive we can marry and ally ottoman by setting hungary as rival and we see our fabrication is finally reaching completion and then we see it
the fucker has allied aragon who has vassal naples next to our uncored urbino we revert back to plan b without further dodo tripoli it is .
we ally tunis and get access tripoli is allied to algier and dulkadir we believe algier to answer so we bring all our 8 regiments to tunis mistake it was dulkadir who answered
we immediately ship 2 regiments to anatolia to take over siege from ottoman but they wouldnt have it and after several seconds of hard thinking we decide not to press the matter .
with tripoli fall a miracle happen papal is no longer allied with aragon we breed another camel for the glory ahead
with the tournament closing in and beta being still unannounced when do you think we will be able to play ?
i believe that soon after the tournament the first wave of keys willbe released and not long after could be the actual closed beta .
i have about 40 fiber cables in my datacenter just connecting different floors and buildings .
emc/vmware/fiber switch is not considered in my question they go from a st patch panel to cisco switches .
it was setup like they are all cat5 cables ie roped around cabling arms .
i 'm ordering new fiber cables today to redo the rack when some new switches come in .
what 's the best practice for fiber cables going from patch panel to switch .
from the patch panel to the switch and i only see 32ft cables available as well .
edit official community tier list results posted here https www.reddit.com/r/battleborn/comments/4frqkj/official_rbattleborn_community_tier_list_beta
beta 's over but i 'm still jonesing for my fix so since i ca n't play i thought i 'd help the community !
those awesome guys over at r/smite have started a tradition of a community voted tier list which i think is just swell .
so i 'd like to start one over here .
obviously the beta tier list is going to be practically nullified on release and i 'll be making a new one around a month into live release .
however i would still like to see how this community felt about the characters and i know the devs would love to spectate this information as well in addition to their massive analytics so without further ado
now if you did n't play a character at all only played against them once or twice etc .
you probably do n't have a good representative sample of boldur if the only game you played with him was the one where your teammate went 0 and 19 .
i liked playing this guy so he 's better '' does not fly .
please try to rate objectively based on who brings the most to the team .
remember that winning does n't only consist of kills but also aid in teamfights protecting sentries or clearing minion waves any sort of benefit to the team .
i 'll be posting analytics of results in a few days but you can see everyone 's responses after you fill out the survey .
ca n't wait to see you all in game on release !
i 'm seeing a lot of players all ranged posting 2 man yeti videos .
so i thought i 'd share a melee 2 man i was at 591 ap at the time sin was around 570 for all those melees out there !
i made a lot of mistakes in this video but this was also our 7-8th attempt so we were getting a bit frustrated .
i have been lucky enough to get an interview for my pgce primary education which i am very excited about yet really nervous at the same time .
so i was wondering if you lovely people could help me with some luck ?
please pm me if you 'd like to help !
hi i kinda love the old slim fit oxford shirts .
i tried the new ones but they are too baggy .
i am vig it is night 4 and i have yet to fire my weapon .
i decide player x is unusually quiet and shoot to kill .
that night i die and my identity is stolen !
however come day break i see 2 corpses beside each other my own and my target .
once i saw my dead body i knew i had killed my disguiser .
so i ca n't jeopardize that for a scamming hoe
i wish he would go ahead and not fuck my shoes up
very hard difficulty has been added for raid dungeons .
monsters are stronger and bosses use a better variety of skills .
they can be done once per day or can be reset for soul stones .
players can acquire new artefact or unique grade items from eight trigrams army arena '' and water god 's oracle '' .
players take part in a new team arena map ora fortress underground arena '' .
it is now possible to take part in intra-faction battlegrounds .
in the following regions corrupted lands pian oasis four valleys muk plateau area public quests can randomly reward tai tokens to participants who are not in top 20 of the contribution ranking through rewards chest .
players who are not within appropriate level for public quests now will not receive anything .
the hp recovery rate of the mage 's skills ice dragon thunder dragon 's has been reduced from 50 to 20 .
the overall damage output of the mage 's skills thunderbolt frostbite discharge cold wave chain shock curse of intense cold 's has been reduced by 10 .
the calculation process of the mage 's additional combo attack f giving casting speed bonus has been changed .
more guards have been added in four valleys and muk plateau for a fairer pvp experience .
call of commander '' skill can not be used at each team 's starting point in guild war .
an invincibility buff will be given at each team 's starting point in guild war .
or can it work out if she pursues you ?
maybe you were n't looking for anyone when she first came in to your life ?
perhaps you just did n't see a future with her at first .
but as the title says what happened when she pursued you ?
i can probably go a little over 200 and i really do n't have a preference if it is ios or android .
i would prefer it is a flagship phone and i 'm fine with either cdma or gsm .
yorshka is the covenant leader of the darkmoon and you find her by walking across an invisible bridge before dropping down to a bonfire .
refers to gwyn as our father '' and gwynevere as our sister ''
refers to gwyndolin as her brother and former company knight
captain yorshka was never mentioned in dark souls 1 nor was she ever referenced .
when she says our father gwyn '' and our sister gwynevere '' it 's unlikely that she means gwyn is father to both you unkindled and herself in a metaphorical deific sense .
likely she means gwyn and gwynevere are literally our '' father and sister where our '' references herself and gwyndolin .
but i submit to you that yorshka is gwyndolin but in a different form .
while she does n't state explicitly who imprisoned her it 's likely dickhead sulyvahn .
his soul states that he imprisoned a god of the old royalty in the abandoned cathedral to be fed to the devourer ''
at first i thought the old cathedral referred to the anor londo cathedral .
but then i read the description for yorshka 's spear .
this treasure gifted to the yorshka church is enchanted with a soporific spell and was surreptitiously worshiped by irithyll slaves . ''
the slaves secretly worshiped the spear for reasons yet to be revealed but it does mean that yorshka 's church could be the old cathedral '' .
if you kill yorshka she drops her sacred chime .
her brother the former knight captain presented her with this medium together with another gift her name ''
gwyndolin created yorshka yet they view each other as siblings .
the lifehunt scythe obtained by transposing soul of aldrich states aldrich dreamt as he slowly devoured the god of the darkmoon .
in this dream he perceived the form of a young pale girl in hiding . ''
yorshka is likely the pale girl that is referred .
in order to slowly devour a powerful god he would have needed to keep gwyndolin subdued by using a soporific .
with all this information i think we can construct a narrative for gwyndolin/yorshka
as the flame begins to fade anor londo starts drifting through time and space eventually arriving at the boreal valley .
sulyvahn becomes a blade of the darkmoon serving gwyndolin .
then he discovers the profaned capital and peers into the undying flame revealing to him the truth of the gods .
determined to end the last heir to gwyn and the last of the royal bloodline he betrays gwyndolin .
sulyvahn gifts gwyndolin a spear infused with a soporific .
subdued by the soporific he is offered to aldrich .
gwyndolin in the midst of being consumed creates an alter-ego yorshka .
desperate to escape he pours all his power into materializing yorshka and even gifts her his sacred chime .
even though he succeeds the soporific keeps yorshka pacified content with being imprisoned .
gwyndolin is consumed by aldrich but leaves behind a tiny fragment of himself to carry on his father 's legacy .
no matter how hard i try to get over it seeing player phantoms while i 'm exploring a new zone will make me freak out without fail .
especially in ds3 which i feel has filled me with more dread than any other soulsborne game .
smouldering lake and now the irithyll dungeon have been truly stressful but it love it so much i ca n't stop !
i grew up just outside montgomery i have since moved to tennessee and i remember that there was a strange house in the city not too far from montgomery mall .
it looks like an old-school bank or government building but is very small .
i want to say it is on either narrow lane mcghee or woodley just north of e. south blvd .
i have been trying to find it in google street view with no luck so far .
http i.imgur.com/yofyomh.jpg not going to share the address but it 's on woodley rd .
basically what it says in the title do i have an even chance of getting each of them or will some be harder to get ?
i sprained my ankle 2 weeks ago 2 months into a new diet/exercise plan .
my diet plan is iifym with 1350 calories total and for exercise i was doing 3-5 sessions of yoga per week the kayla itsines bbg workout program and walking almost daily .
i was able to keep up the walking after the sprain but had to stop all exercise which sucked because i love yoga so much and i was finally starting to get into working out .
i somewhat kept to my eating plan going over a couple days and still struggling to hit my protein macros without going over in fat but getting a better there .
after a week i felt like i needed to move and exercise !
this has not happened to me before which makes me quite hopeful that i 'm succeeding in building healthier habits .
however i 'm really bummed out by this speed bump !
i went from losing 1-4 lbs a week to barely even a single pound done i ca n't exercise !
i do n't want to lose my momentum with the progress i was making before i was on track to hit my goal weight of 125 by july which would have made me very happy .
i do n't want to have to struggle again to get in the habit of walking up earlier to work out before work its already hard enough .
my ankle finally stopped hurting last week and i started biking again over the weekend to get some exercise .
is it a bad idea to go back to the high impact of the bbg workout so soon ?
should i modify and remove all the jumpy stuff ?
i 've sprained my ankle before but never on a regular exercise program did not really exercise before so i 'm not sure how long to wait before getting back into it .
i was planning on staying back from week 1 next week .
since people might ask i did n't go to a dr because it was a pretty straightforward sprain and i 've sprained my ankle before .
my dr probably would have just told me to do all the things i did anyways rice and all that .
im daniel from hungary would like to chat with random ppl snap with random ppl
kaplan test prep is looking for mcat instructors in claremont ca .
feel free to message me with any questions or if you know anyone who might be interested !
the position is great for part-time or supplemental work and does not require any experience .
also kaplan provides many benefits for part-time employees that other companies do n't typically offer .
kaplan is seeking dynamic and engaging presenters with a proven ability to motivate others as part-time mcat instructors .
in this leadership role you will provide exceptional instruction and demonstrate subject matter expertise on all sections of the exam .
to qualify you must have a mcat score either on the official test or a kaplan practice test at or above the 90th percentile .
kaplan 's comprehensive training suite 20-25 hours of asynchronous self-paced modules and exercises will also help you develop your presentation mentoring and classroom management skills .
with kaplan you will build your resume and expand your professional network at an industry-leading company all while positively impacting the lives of local students .
we are recognized as 92 among forbes ' america 's best 500 employers 2015
evening/weekend assignments make this a great option for supplemental income
sessions meet approximately 1 to 3 sessions per week equivalent of 10-20 hours of work per week
up to 50 of your time is flextime allowing you to work from home on your own schedule
receive a 15 20 discount each month on your existing cell phone service plan us-based employees only carriers include at t sprint t-mobile verizon
access to health and other benefit plans including 401k contributions
kaplan test prep is an industry-leading employer with over 70 years of experience and opportunities throughout the us and canada .
we employ over 10,000 smart and highly-motivated employees who deliver on our mission everyday to build futures one success story at a time .
if you like the idea of transforming lives build your career at kaplan.please visit kaplan 's teacher application center for additional information .
i 've been using the app since dec. 2014 but recently switch to an android device .
ever since i had the app my portfolio has only gone up 6-7
i 'm a few weeks out of completing my java course second semester and i learned pretty much all of the fundamentals .
i had an idea or two for some projects that i believe fit best as an app .
i remember reading that android programming is very similar to java and i just wanted to see some opinions on where should i get started with that .
as some of you may have experienced getting a stable party in roll20 can be an extremely challenging experience .
as a brand new player i joined 3 or 4 campaigns that lasted a grand total of 1 4 sessions each before the majority of players stopped showing up or the dm got frustrated and quit .
i said screw it i 'll make my own campaign .
eventually i found 4 people that were interested in my concept .
i had played a lot of dragon age so i decided my campaign was going to be set a year before the events of the first game before the blight for those who have played the game .
after about 15 sessions i added a 5th player to the mix .
for 10 months the 5-6 of us got together online almost every week to play dnd for about 3 hours .
i got the 5 characters commissioned as a christmas present to them .
from my experience with online games that is almost unheard of .
the party killed the bbeg and the twist ending second bbeg that had been guiding them to do her bidding .
having a group show up reliably for 10 months and having so much fun in something i created is such a great experience and it 's come to an end .
i 'll be the first to say i got extremely lucky with the people i have in the campaign .
getting to know the players before letting them into the campaign was probably the best thing i did .
interview the people that want to get in make sure what they want to get out of the campaign aligns with your plans as a dm .
i used the dragon age campaign to give myself some structure when building the campaign .
now that this campaign has concluded it 's time to build everything from scratch .
to those scared of being a first time dm i highly encourage you to make the leap .
use an established world that you can modify for yourself to create something unique .
it really takes some of the fear out of it .
feeling so hurt right now and ca n't pin-point what it is exactly but i had been talking to this girl online for the past 9 months or so met her in an online game and she just recently came to visit me for 2 months from another country on a visa .
i thought things were going well and maybe they are but it just does n't feel like it these past days .
in the beginning things were great when i went to work she would message me when she woke up telling me she loved me kiss me in the morning before i left to work kiss me at night before falling asleep telling me she loved me and other things like that .
but now over the past few days things have just died down and now she is n't doing any of those things really .
bad of me that i 'm checking her facebook activity while at work periodically just to see how it really is or how it really seems for me .
i figure she spends all this time on facebook and i mean all this time she is constantly on it and does n't even think about me or want to interact with me .
i 'm beginning to feel like a fool for falling for her i do everything for her buy her anything she wants etc .
i do n't do these things expecting anything in return but there comes a point where i start to question whether or not i 'm being used .
the sex does n't even seem to carry any meaning to it anymore and to be honest i really do n't even have interest in it these days .
i 'm just so lost as to what to do this woman went from being my everything to now almost wishing this would have never happened .
i just want to feel important to someone and she is n't making me feel that way .
it does n't help that on the day she arrived i seen her checking her facebook not intentionally and she had a message from her ex-boyfriend that popped up long story but he is from another country and they are just friends now .
maybe i 'm blinded right now and need time to think but it 's been something i 've been thinking of non-stop for these past few days .
could it be i just need more attention than her ?
i really do n't know so any insight would be appreciated .
tl dr had been talking to my now girlfriend for about 9 months now and now that things are reality she is visiting me on a visa for about 2 months i just do n't feel like i 'm very important to her .
things seemed great in the beginning but now it seems like i 'm the last thing on her mind .
i 'm just curious which scenes/shots you think are the most visually striking in the force awakens .
the ones that immediately come to mind are starkiller destroying the republic the tie fighters in the sunset and lots of the opening shots of jakku .
i suppose including pictures in replies would be helpful .
first off i would like to say that i love this show flash is my favorite superhero and this show is a great adaptation .
but like most adaptation there are some changes that i as a fan just ca n't like believe me i 've tried the fan in me is just too strong .
1st eobard prof. zoom is my favorite villain and this show version is great they really nailed his personality but why did they make it so that he can kill barry ?
has to live ... .. or i die '' eobard thawne
i do n't understand this decision it 's just make eobard look as incompetent as all the other villains he 's just another villain that ca n't kill flash .
eobard to me is like a less chaotic but more cold and calculating version of the joker .
he 's obsessed with the only person he ca n't kill so he decides to make his life a living hell starting by killing his mother even going as far as making barry trip and fall down multiple times throughout his childhood that 's evil ! .
if he could 've kill barry he would 've done it ages ago .
hell he was gon na do it in flashpoint if it was n't for thomas wayne putting a sword through his chest .
also making eobard so obsessed with wanting to return to his time bothers me a little too but that change i understand .
2 barry being dumbed down or what i like to call the batman effect
ever notice that in the jl comics or animated series everyone 's iq drops when batman is in the room ?
in the show this happens because of team flash .
now i understand why this needs to happen apparently a show where a superhero is smart enough to work alone would be boring then again does n't daredevil work alone ?
but just because i understand it does n't mean i have to like it .
barry is a genius that works in csi if he wanted he would be a better detective than batman .
he does n't need someone to tell him that a fire gun counters an ice gun that 's fucking obvious .
you know what episode is one of my favorites ?
the king shark episode because for the first time barry defeated the villain without someone telling him to use electricity on water to knock him out .
3 captain cold and his rogue why did they turn leonard into a cold blooded killer ?
in the comics leonard has something called honor and he does n't kill .
the rogues are n't a team of villains he created the rogues are his family he would never shoot one of them in the back .
in the comics barry and him have a mutual respect for eachother they tried to do this in the show but it does n't work because barry would never respect a murderer never .
hell a while ago in the injustice comic batman was asking for the rogues ' help and they asked batman why do you want criminals like us ? ''
and batman replied because you have rules you do n't kill . ''
i keep hoping lot will retcon this but they 're just making it worse .
in a episode leonard tells rip we thieves have a code we do n't abandon our own '' i laughed so hard he literally shot his partners in the back in his debut episode and now he has a code ?
like i said i love this show and i ca n't wait for tonight 's episode .
this post was brought to you by the real jay garrick .
the 4 of us did an 8 ball and mixed scenes and music for about 4 hours
an attempt to open the link found in your default browser has been made .
if it did not open you will have to do so manually .
if this was a false positive feel free to post on r/paxchecker or pm u/sunnybat individually .
note the hours in this time may be off ...
hey guys brand new top of the line store being built in dallas ... thought you would all find this pretty cool !
hey community is just found this website s-log-lut.com did anybody tried one of their products ?
i 'm having some serious trouble killing this guy and all i have left to do to finish bloodborne for good is this guy gherman and the guy after gherman .
sitting here in front of the vicar for 10 ish minutes hoping for a summon but no one seems to be waiting can anyone help me pls !
for example when db kai came to the us they change the name to dragon ball z kai to make it more marketable to people who recognize dragon ball z only .
if they did they 'd probably change it to something like super dragon ball z ''
when i went to lowe 's yesterday i saw they had dense bouquets '' of daffodils growing in their grass .
so did they just plant 6 or 7 bulbs really close to each other ?
are n't you supposed to leave several inches between bulbs ?
my girlfriend is just wanting a cheap pc to play the sims on and maybe a couple of other non intensive games if anyone has any parts going that would be really handy !
i 've been playing dark souls for a while now but i 'm so confused about summoning and fighting people .
could someone in depth explain to me how it works ?
koodbee enables users to generate their own odds on the outcomes of real-world events by competing in a gamified version of mutual betting for score ranking and virtual currency .
we 're seeking your feedback before we open our private beta .
just a few minutes at the landing page https www.koodbee.com and your general impressions likes/dislikes etc .
as a thank you in advance for anyone that chooses to create an account it 's free and we do n't need/want any payment info your koodbee wallet will be preloaded with virtual currency so you can play the paid version of our games and you 'll be subscribed as a power user for free so you can create design and manage user groups .
first i just switched from dim and wow tg rocks !
but when using the builder tg becomes unresponsive to clicking etc .
and chrome starts asking if i want to quit the extension because of unresponsiveness .
after dismissing this message i usually do get the results but not always .
there is however no way to see if tg hangs or is still calculating .
obviously it would be better if it does n't hang but being able to see if it 's busy or not would help i do n't know why it sometimes hangs but i would n't be surprised if my shitty laptop is the culprit .
thanks for all the work you guys do it 's much appreciated !
i have a bad habit of wanting to buy as many players as i can that have a great potential and also players that i love but i end up having too many and they get unhappy because they 're not playing enough .
is it worth making team sheets to fit around the players so they all get a turn or should i just limit my buying ?
i was told homosexuality is not welcome in this country .
oh jonny that guitar looks quite your style '' ed said pointing to a guitar that did indeed suit jonny quite well .
jonny started to head towards the check out aisle .
mining rules staircasing allowed from y:32 to y:5 rollercoasting allowed from y:32 to y:5 stripmining allowed above y:32 pokeholeing allowed above y:32 .
timebomb when killing a player their loot goes into a chest and the stuff will explode in 30 seconds
i 've been trying out every class on the tutorial boss so far i found sorcerer to be the fastest .
i also was able to kill the npc with the uchigatana fastest and was able to stay away from her attack and same for tutorial boss .
yes i know it 's a range class and all but is it really worth it for later on in the game ?
i do n't care about min/max pvp i just wan na play the game .
that said am i better off with other classes .
i also have a knight i kinda like it for armor and shield but i prefer dodging .
i do like strength builds and dexterity builds intelligence is okay .
just want your opinions if i should stick with sorcerer or pick another class .
i was also thinking going deprived mainly so i can build him/her how i want .
weather it be a mix build or full build i should also mention i hate odd numbers .
anthony wheeler 22 14 36 1.0 0 0 1 so
just like the defensive line the lbs lose their best player heading into the 2016 season .
while jefferson is the undisputed star of the defense it was jinkens who was quietly our most consistent lb of the group .
following in the footsteps of resurgent players under strong like john harris and mykkelle thompson jinkens had nothing short of a redemption campaign until his acl injury late in the season .
while this recruiting class did n't feature as many lbs as ots or dts the ones stepping on to campus have the makings to be ballers like the class before .
the issue with this unit is a common one depth and reps. outside of jinkens a lack of upperclassmen talent and relying on freshman to produce this unit struggled in 2015 .
my biggest concern is how do we get malik outside permanently ?
we 're using him at mlb out of pure necessity which is not his natural position .
when he did line up outside he was an absolute menace .
so who 's going to fill that spot in order to let malik do malik ?
freeman has struggled to stay healthy and early reports indicate he 's still not trusting his first read .
but coming from the safety he 's a bit of a hybrid lb who has a cover-first mentality that 's big enough to tackle rbs .
wheeler continues to improve and he will be an impact player soon .
basically we need the next man up to do this http gfycat.com/mediumbothbasenji and this http gfycat.com/sanedefiantandeancondor so malik can do this http gfycat.com/onlyplushkudu and this http gfycat.com/rashreasonablebedlingtonterrier .
credit to nmb on the shag for the gifs .
as we saw in the spring game it looks like hager has moved to fe and will be rushing the passer .
wheeler will take the starting spot from cole and he showed why on saturday .
mcculloch gets some reps. that rotation could be very nasty .
this unit improves steadily behind freshman aa malik jefferson .
in 2014 the lb spot was held down by edmond and hicks
those are the type of numbers that lbs who thrive in strong 's system have .
and those are the type of numbers this new crop needs to shoot for .
those two played extremely well off of one another and took advantage of a highly disruptive dline .
coincidentally much of their success is a credit to mbii ridge and ced reed .
so in order for the lbs to flourish like 2014 the dline needs to get back to 2014 form as well .
we were slightly improved in getting to the qb/rb in the backfield which is a good thing .
one of the biggest problems i saw during the course of the season the tackling in space .
which in the big12 is the most important thing in stopping offenses .
while this is a team problem i think it starts with the lbs so i 'll discuss it here .
i took a look at the stats on our all-purpose rush yards defense .
now sts were god awful in 2014 and much better in 2015 .
when you think about it though it 's because teams were just scoring instead of punting ... but more on that in the sts segment .
i adjusted the 2014 and 2015 stats and removed sts yardage .
and this is where the 2015 season starts to get ugly .
after adjusting texas was giving up over a hundred more yards and a whole extra yard and change per on the ground and after the catch .
92 of the total yards allowed came from rush and recv as well .
compared to 2014 where it only accounted for 79 .
which is a big problem considering the 2014 defense posted less yardarge in both categories and in fewer plays .
that explains a lot of what i was seeing on game day .
poor tackling especially in space leads to these kind of numbers .
more importantly i think there 's a direct correlation in tackling when looking at the difference between edmond/hicks in 2014 and jefferson/jinkens in 2015 .
edmond and hicks had almost twice as many stats across the board and we were a better overall defense .
one of the keys to success in strong 's defense is elite play at the lb position .
we just did n't have that consistently last year .
for shits and giggles i combined this years sts yardage with 2014 apry to see just how good we could 've been with above average sts .
yards between these last two years i looked at 2015 vs. ranked unranked and conference .
again these are looking at yards on the ground through the air and after the catch .
for context keep in my mind our non-con schedule was tougher in 2015 .
and a drop off like that is something that comes when impact players leave every year .
we 've seen what the nightmare scenario of a tackling epidemic looks like
first two games of the 2013 season with manny diaz as dc ... . against nmsu and byu .
fortunately it never got that bad in 2015 and hopefully never will again .
i was thinking about those percentages when it comes to apry and trying to decide if they were a valid thing to bring up .
so i went and looked at 4 of the top defenses from 2015 and did the same formula .
stacked up against the elite 2015 defenses you can definitely see a correlation .
obviously if your defense is really good you allow 1 less rushing yards 2 less receiving yards and 3 less total yards .
but the key difference is between those three numbers .
but to the larger point it comes down to experience discipline and tackling .
all of those defenses i just listed are great tackling units .
i do n't know if this specific stat has been looked at this way so i wo n't pat myself on the back too much .
in order to be an elite college defense in 2016 texas has to get back to the 25-50-75 club .
if we 're playing good defense then by the end of the year roughly our apry defensively should read 25 from rush 50 from pass resulting in 75 of total yards surrendered .
we should be hovering around 4500-5300 total yards and 330 370 total yards per game .
look for vast improvements both in tackling and tackling in space .
numbers for tfl were up slightly but we need to tighten things up elsewhere and it starts with the lbs .
gap integrity trusting your read coverage and being in the right spot .
he lays the lumber and when he puts it all together by the third game this year ... watch out .
but who 's going to be that guy to step up and be that second playmaker ?
i have been trying to get into a game since we got it .
i get stuck after it says waiting '' in the top right corner .
it says region vote 0\0 on the left side of my screen and it just stays like that .
waited 10 minutes on my longest try with o luck .
i tried different zones and with and without crossplay .
well this thing for one without stickers and a higher float .
last chance to get it or it 's going to be gone .
saw this https www.reddit.com/r/dnd/comments/4eupc4/wanted_to_try_urealpuddings_method_for_creating post by u/orschmann which was trying to use u/realpudding post https www.reddit.com/r/dnd/comments/4e5uen/i_used_heroforgecom_and_photoshop_to_paint_my as inspiration to try and make his own mini .
i ca n't draw for shit but i am pretty decent at photoshop .
i decided to try creating a mini in hero forge and then using photoshops tools to color the actual mini .
this made use of the existing shadows as the hero forge screenshot does have a light source .
the benefit of this is if you can line it up just right you can spin it around and get the back shot as well .
i did n't do that for the first test but next time .
this method is good for people who ca n't draw as you do n't need to make an outline first .
basically make tons of hue/saturation layers set to colorize put a mask on them .
modify them to the color you want and paint on to the picture .
if you use the screen shot '' feature on hero forge it 'll give you a picture without any background .
here is my finished dragon kin soldier http i.imgur.com/0uooxxf.jpg .
i 'm using a base from u/kevslounge whose stuff you should totally check out because his bases are by far and above the best in paper minis .
next one i 'm going to see if i can spin it and get a back shot .
it 'll take twice as long but look 100 more sweet .
do you know where i can watch it on the internet ?
was just offerd this pls let me know asap ! ! !
i am worrying about my system performance i did full clear install fresh win 10 and no anti virus is installed also no win updates .
is it normal or not i am obsessed right now
can anyone else share their result if you got same setup as me please .
if that 's the case then send me the orange envelopes
do you think the infringement of people 's right to privacy is worth the benefits of mass surveillance ?
i do n't know what the hell this is but i 'll try to describe it .
sometimes when i settle down for the night to go to sleep i 'll find that i ca n't move or open my eyes and see lots of weird things i ca n't even begin to describe .
incomprehensible shapes slinking sensations colors that i ca n't recall as having ever existed .
then the terror the dread and panic followed by some sort of growling or loud noise .
then i 'll feel as though i 've been pushed into an abyss of of these shapes colors noises only all of these things are cloaked in absolute darkness .
this sensation is strange because like a skipping vinyl record i 'll suddenly skip to the very top of the abyss to repeat the feelings of the descent .
i 'm aware that what i 'm experiencing is not reality a hallucination of some sort by my mind so i wiggle my legs to wake myself up .
the time it takes to wake myself up differs between incidents but i always manage to return to the conscious world .
from what i 've read and researched on the internet this seems to be my own mind experiencing the transition from wakefulness to sleep of my brain delving into hypnagolgia .
sleep paralysis hallucinations lucid dreaming and among other things are common phenomenon that can occur during this .
i know that the noises i hear can be attributed to exploding head syndrome ehs .
bottom line i really want to know if there 's someone out there who like me is experiencing something almost the same .
it is scary and when i do wake up my heart is racing and i 'm frustrated but thankfully it 's not full sleep paralysis where i see shadow people . ''
however what i experience is becoming more common but does not impair my ability to sleep or get good rest .
what unsettles me is that a nightmare of some kind almost always follows afterwards .
in fact i just woke up from some creepy shit that was more terrifying than the actual thing i just described .
what the hell do these fucking things even mean ?
if this means anything or if it might offer some clue i am seventeen .
b/o is 50 keys pure or offers around that amount in unusuals
high preference on unusuals for classes that start with 's ' .
do n't be afraid to offer worst thing i can only do is decline .
i 've never been afraid of taking the bus but after this encounter i 'm freaked out .
i 'm a 15 year old female from iceland 5'1ft and people often mistake me for a 12 year old .
it 's very convenient and you only have to pay a small amount of money to get literally everywhere in the city .
but with iceland only having around 300,000 people living in it it can be hard to find people to work as bus drivers so they basically let anyone get the job if they have a drivers licence .
so with that being said i 'll begin my story which happened on a friday april the 15th 2016 .
me and my friend had decided to meet our other friend and have dinner at her place and then go to the movies .
i 'll call my friend that invited us for dinner ada and my friend that went with me ellen .
me and ellen met up at her place and got ready .
shortly after that we went to the bus stop .
the bus arrived 5 minutes later and we got in .
ellen asked the bus driver who was around 50 years old if the ride was 250 kronas .
the bus driver seemed to get pissed off and said it was 210 kronas .
he even added 'you 're not 18 yet right ? '
we figured that it was more expensive for 18 so me and ellen shrugged it off and took our seats .
we were the only people in the bus which is n't that strange since this has happened to us before .
the bus driver went out to have a smoke and got back in the drivers seat and started driving .
it did n't concern us at first that he was going in the complete different direction than he was supposed to be headed we figured he was just turning around .
but he kept going to a direction that was heading out of the city and he did not stop on any of the bus stops .
i got worried and i asked ellen if we should go ask him if he goes downtown .
ellen has always been very shy so i went alone to ask .
i asked him very politely 'are you heading downtown ? '
he did n't even look at me probably concentrated on the road and said 'no i 'm going home . '
he check his rearview mirror and glanced at my friend .
he continued 'are n't you girls the only one in the bus ? '
he kept on repeating that he was going home and i was in complete shock so i just said 'okay i was just asking if you were going downtown . '
i told ellen what had happened and not exaggerating we both shit ourselves with fear .
we did n't know what to do and just held each others hands tightly we thought we were going to be kidnapped or get raped by this insane bus driver .
calling the police never came up to our minds since we were both in a shock .
i was already planing to jump out the window when he suddenly turned around back to the city .
he opened the door and let us out at a bus stop in the outskirts of the city .
me and ellen ran out of the fucking door as fast as we could and i just had a complete breakdown i was so scared .
we called ada and told her everything we were already 40 minutes late and she was worried sick .
in the end we got to our friends house safe and sound by taking another bus with people in it .
i do n't know why the bus driver acted like that and i wonder why he changed his mind and turned around .
i 've already let out a complaint to the bus company but i have n't got a reply .
this may not be scary to some but the feeling of fear i was feeling sitting in that bus alone with my friend and a psycho bus driver was overwhelming .
definitely not taking the bus again any time soon .
so insane icelandic bus driver let 's not meet again .
hey guys iv been really interested in the new dark souls game but have never played one before .
would i still be able to enjoy the game and have fun playing it ?
the only game i have played that is somewhat similar imo is skyrim and elder scrolls online .
i absolutely loved skyrim but despised elder scrolls online .
both japan and ecuador lie on the pacific ring of fire but the timing of the quakes of the last few days is a coincidence from new scientist – new scientist http ift.tt/1nx0npt
hi guys i am a 24 y/o male and for the last 3 weeks my right ear has felt pressurized as if i was on an airplane .
i tried to pop it move my jaw around and plug my nose and blow .
i 've gotten it to pop but it was painful and the doctor recommended that i do n't do that .
this all happened after my 6 week old was screaming and i was holding her next to my ear shoulder ...
the doctor said i was fine and it would go away soon but it has n't i have another appointment next week but i was hoping maybe someone else has had a common experience ?
also i should mention that me and my wife just got over having pneumonia about a month ago and are sinuses are very plugged up .
her ear just did the same thing mine did yesterday from our daughter screaming .
any advice or similar situation mentions would be appreciated !
so is the ideology of your candidate more important or is the disruption of the status quo more important ?
this is the letter i plan to read to him when he wakes up
i have been bottling up a lot of things right now because i feel it is more important to support you during this difficult transition into your new career .
however if i do not say something soon i will hate you .
i am upset at the messes around the house that you leave .
i re-homed the dress collection so that you would have the space you need to organize your belongings in the office closet .
however the office is a mess and your possessions are all over the dining room table and in the entryway .
i day dream about someday having my dream home .
i get incredibly sad when i think about the chance that it will never happen .
until i can move i have to live here .
i try to make the best of it by making the house look nice but i cant when your mess is all over the place .
you need to not clutter the shared living spaces .
when you are done eating you need to throw the garage and recycling away and clean up the things left out in the kitchen .
i work very long shifts and whenever i get a break i find that i am the only one doing the dishes laundry vacuuming shopping and cooking .
i want you to be an equal in participating in the chores .
i feel over whelmed by the amount of possessions that you have .
i feel that my house is used as your storage space .
every expensive new luxury steals a little piece of our future home away .
i fear planning for the future is being left just for me .
or i will break up with your and you will need to leave .
tl dr boyfriend spends all of his money buying more and more things .
welcome to the 13^th character discussion featuring mega man !
you can visit last week 's discussion for lucas here .
how do you think mega man stands in the current meta-game ?
do you find mega man is overrated or underrated as a character ?
what are some of mega man 's strengths and weaknesses as a character ?
who are mega man 's best and worst match-ups ?
what are your thought 's on scatt recently winning a tournament as mega man ?
discuss how to play as the character or even how to beat the character .
you can see a full list of past character discussions on the sub 's wiki here .
my buddy runs an advertising platform where webmasters put a thumbnail on their site the thumbnail sends the user to my buddys site for tracking and then the user is quickly redirected to the site that purchased the traffic .
he 's had a few complaints about people saying these redirects are hurting their seo .
do n't connect the controllers to usb 3.0 ports to update the firmware use usb 2.0 as the 3.0 ports wouldnt install the watchman firmware for me did n't realise this till trying again with 2.0 ports and observing it
make sure you set your audio to vive as main output in drop down menu the steamvr settings before you run setup .
if you still have pairing issues then close steamvr go to steam\steamapps\common\steamvr\tools\lighthouse\bin\win32 and run lighthouse_console.exe type 'unpairall ' and hit enter .
now plug one controller in to usb 2.0 on pc power it up with button below touchpad disconnect wait a few seconds and then run the 'pair controller ' process in steamvr .
edit any usb 3.0 ports not just front may be an issue .
the shadowborn wolf pack is a guild that is on the eu megaserver for the ps4 .
at the moment we have over 480 members so we are strictly looking for active big sellers !
of course you will have access to our guild store so you can sell your stuff .
we really make an effort to get a guild trader every monday .
to that end we ask all members to donate 1000g every week .
this week our trader is carillda from carillda 's crates in vulkhel guard
all members that donate 5000g or more in a week automatically take part in the weekly lottery .
the message of the day motd will be frequently updated please read to keep up with the latest developments !
withdrawal from the guild bank will be limited and is only available for members that have also deposited a fair amount gold and/or items into the bank and by doing so proven themselves to be real participants as far as the bank 's purpose is concerned .
misuse of the guild bank will lead to banishment from the guild !
for all matters regarding the guild bank rules of use promotion/demotion etc .
to get recruited send a message containing some character info to psn chara01 or solitarychild
so i 'm completely avoiding all other movies right now but what if edward scissorhands ' garden/home became alice 's wonderland ?
i do n't have any proof but it was just a thing i thought about and wanted to discuss so here i am .
maybe after edward died the red queen took over his home and made it her castle ...
also is anybody else super hyped for alice through the looking glass ? !
it 's gon na be amazing i know it p
i wrote about this a while back but checking my ig account all weeked i have been seeing a lot of big names in bjj enjoying time on yachts and resorts in dubai leading up to the adcc world pro event which starts today .
just wanted to remind everyone how the royal family and those big money backers in the white robes watching jiu-jitsu on the side lines this week treat the people building those resorts stadiums and high rises .
tried summoning 2 reds but they ca n't hit each other how can you change this ?
edit it was a gold red and a regular red
when during the year or cycle or whatever unit of time does it occur ?
just got 30 on my psn wallet and wan na open some packs .
should i open the 3 campus hero packs or pro packs ?
kevin dodd came out of high school with bad grades and had to attend military prep academy at hargrave military academy before attending clemson .
he saw limited action early on and had to wait to his redshirt junior year to get his first start .
overall in his career he had 15 starts with 14 wins playing in a total of 39 games .
he served as a team captain as a redshirt junior .
his one year as a starter kevin had 12 sacks 62 total tackles and 23.5 tackles for loss .
kevin dodd is not an explosive athlete and wo n't beat you by speed or by strength and purely by technique .
he does n't have a good get off and an average first step .
his strength at rushing the passer is his bend being able to get the edge .
he also has good use of hands showing a particularly good rip move and an occasional club move .
he wins battles by relentlessness and his good pursuit .
he is n't very strong at the point of attack and rarely uses counter moves which he will need to learn .
he works very well through blockers and is a very consistent player never taking of plays .
his lack of explosiveness makes kevin dodd someone who relies on technique .
that lack of burst shows up on tape and he never gets intial pressure .
kevin dodd will do most of his damage versus vertical passing teams but against spread teams who throw the ball out quickly kevin dodd will be a non-factor all game .
his pass rushing repertoire needs work as except for his ability to get the edge rip move and occasional club move offers very little as power rusher not being particularly strong .
his bull rush is n't effective at all and he does n't win any battles on inside moves .
a raw pass rusher who needs a lot refinement to be a consistent threat .
as a run defender kevin dodd is pretty mediocre .
he does n't set a particularly good edge does n't shed blocks well and is n't very strong .
he needs to bulk up and work on his core strength .
he also overruns plays consistently struggling to read the offensive line and running back .
this leads to kevin giving up big plays when misreading his gap assignments and overrunning plays .
he gets caught up field too often in the running game .
he also needs to work on his tackling technique often missing tackles completely .
overall it is very hard justifying kevin dodd in the first two rounds with his lack of experience lack of pass rushing ability and being overall weak in the run game .
he is great at getting the edge showing great bend for his size but his first step is n't good enough to consistently get the edge in the nfl .
his lack of meanness at the point of attack washes him out of plays .
he also played across a superior prospect who faced much tougher competition as kevin more or less played against sub par right tackles week in and week out which explains a lot of his production .
his pass rushing ability looks very good on paper but most of his success came when he was either unblocked or cleanup sacks .
looking at purely at his production it looks good but when you watch his sacks most of them he never got instant pressure being blocked .
kevin dodd is an average prospect who is living of his national championship game against an awful right tackle .
even in the national championship game he showed a lot of awful traits outside of the three sacks especially overrunning plays being caught up in the backfield too often .
he is not a first round talent or a 2nd round talent .
he is a third round talent who 'll be a situational pass rusher early on .
he will not be a top tier pass rusher due to his lack of ball get off his lack of explosiveness and closing speed .
the biggest problem for kevin is that he needs at least three to four seconds on each play to get pressure which wo n't work in the nfl as quarterbacks will see him coming a mile away and most teams will already have thrown the ball .
overall kevin dodd ceiling is a starter opposite an much better player and wo n't be someone you can count on to lead the line .
tina from snappics.co here and along with my other half thomas we design stunningly unique snapchat geofilters for your wedding .
your big day has arrived family and friends arrive at the beautiful venue to witness your special ceremony ...
and every single one of your family and friends have a smart phone and most of them have snapchat .
naturally they take their own photos on their phone ...
photos of the beautiful couple the bridesmaids the venue guests and the night do !
before the wedding began you tell everyone to take their own photos using snapchat and use your unique snapchat geofilter ...
your guests are taking photos willy-nilly with snapchat and following your instructions they swipe left to add your unique geofilter and there it is ...
a stunningly unique geofilter design with the bride grooms name and date of the wedding .
now all your guests have been taking photos all day and you have a collection of hundreds of photos all with your unique geofilter in every photo ...
making your big day the most memorable day ever !
come and visit our site to see a range of our designs and what we do .
any questions just shoot me a quick email here tina snappics.co
recently i 've been taking a break from regular smash matches to fool around with customs again and my friends and i have created a new custom ganondorf we have named stupid ganon .
basically just make a custom ganon with maxed out attack power or as close as you can get .
for his moveset i recommend warlock blade and wizard 's dropkick and the others can be whatever you want .
the best thing to do then is have a battle between two of these stupid ganons .
because adding attack power lowers defense each attack does a ridiculous amount of damage and knockback .
up tilt will do 90 and kill instantly in this battle .
if you feel like trying this out tell me what you think and how stupid your ganon is .
i also recommend 3 minute time battles because trust me if both people use stupid ganons 3 minutes will equal around 8 or 9 kills for each player sometimes even more .
making a mod so i will give credit if you do .
i have a crush on this sophomore in my gym class and i am a freshman .
we take none of the same courses but i do see her in the hallways .
we are both in the same gym and i haven´t spoken to her at all .
i am wondering how can i approach/talk to her without being too aggressive i just want her to get a good impression of me and to become friends .
as i was playing the game i thought to myself why is n't there a thief perk it would allow for some better playstyles . ''
this perk should n't be combined with stealth you should be able to pick them in your loadout together .
and should be players that heavily rely on a single weapon and would allow some player to play more different then others .
how the stealing should work is this you can only steal from the back the area where you can backstab and must look on him and you are able to see the inventory if you are in attacking range for melee weapons .
as you stand there a cooldown of 2-3 seconds will start which will give you the item you want as the cooldown ends .
also you should be able to steal from their hands so the ca n't just hold the weapon so it does n't get stolen .
if your inventory is full the stolen item will should be dropped .
the stealing should be silence since player can just smack them with their weapons pretty fast .
to cancel the stealing the enemy must turn towards you or you receive any kind of damage .
putting this together with stealth would n't be a problem since you have only 1 perk slot available for another perk .
i hope this was interesting to read and maybe provide some feedback to make the devs use this and make this perk a great balanced one !
my base stations keep going gray on my set-up ?
currently on tilt got demoted to plat from d5 lol .
he 's 18 at the start of his life yet he has no skills a passion or ambitions .
he killed everything that he has ever touched figuratively and has been a failure his entire life .
and before you say that it is normal to have this feeling at 18 he had this feeling his entire life which he shared with countless psychologist and lived with through 3 suicide attempts and he really needs some help .
awp redline field-tested 0.2179 kato 2014 stickers nip vp holo esl skull foil complexity gaming 9,75 sticker price ss http steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails ? id=637042115 add me its on market 20 19 18 keys c/o:14 keys http imgur.com/cabrrhj
usp-s guardian factory new 0.0399 sticker titan holo katowice 2014 on handle ss http screenshots.metjm.net/159b1b21edcee93db61397e52dcc7d5d.jpg 5,4 sticker price add me its on market 30 28 26 keys
mlg columbus cobblestone souvenir case group stage match between mousesports and ninjas in pyjamas xizt signature 14 keys
mlg columbus nuke souvenir case 2x signed by get_right signed by kennys 9 keys each
ak-47 redline field-tested have 10 2.1 keys each dont send 2:1 trades please
also selling my low tier skins bulk for 85 mp
also i am accepting skins as payments at 85 market price
greymane is in a strong place right now and i do n't want to see him nerfed or buffed .
i would however like to see marked for the kill become a viable ultimate .
hotslogs all leagues has it sitting at a mere 2.4 pick rate .
the ability itself is a thin slow-moving and easily avoidable skillshot that makes one enemy vulnerable for 5 seconds .
you become a human when you activate it and can leap to the marked target after it hits .
what are some changes you would like to see to this talent ?
i 'm gon na be going to an rcia soon but before i go i was wondering if there 's a good guide or whatever to what exactly rosaries are meant for or what they are supposed to be used for ?
that sounds silly i ca n't word the question correctly .
i 'm looking for any and all ways to convert between the two .
i 'm fine with obscure solutions adding new mods and expensive stuff i just could really use the ic2 generators for powergen .
tried validating my files and launching as an admin and csgo is still not launching .
i get the 'preparing to launch ' message then nothing happens and i go from being in game according to steam to csgo syncing and me no longer being in game despite nothing ever launching .
u/extelecate and i have decided to tag-team and do a vivillon ga !
all vivis are lvl 100 shiny with smogon sets .
this is probably the biggest ga the both of us have hosted so please bear with us .
p-rainbowdrool btw i have disabled inbox replies for this so if you want to say something better tag either me or u/extelecate .
read the rules again before posting we do n't want to disqualify people for not reading https www.reddit.com/r/pokemonplaza/comments/4feb8m/gotta_catch_em_all_vivillon_edition b-red
one of each pattern per person regardless of number of games or fcs
so yes if you have 4 games then you can make 4 requests at the same time .
take note that the one pattern per person rule still applies .
deposit only the ff in the gts flabebe bunnelby poochyena whismur
no deleting or editing of comments please just reply to your own comment .
pokemon deposited include level and gender make sure to deposit the pokemons stated in the rules
read the rules again before posting we do n't want to disqualify people for not reading .
read the rules again before posting we do n't want to disqualify people for not reading .
yes this is here 3 times so no excuses https www.reddit.com/r/pokemonplaza/comments/4feb8m/gotta_catch_em_all_vivillon_edition b-red
btw here are our reference pages drop by if you have the time !
for the leather i just buy it from a craft store and get a peening hammer right ?
does n't seem that hard depending on how hard it is to cut leather .
i wrote something about this in another thread that might help https www.reddit.com/r/ps4/comments/4dtcpz/was_ps4k_or_that_ps415_thingie_an_april_fools/d1ucyak
maybe aphro and darshan did n't have room on their prize shelves .
would it be fair for me to have a more negative opinion of julian castro because the one time i heard him speak in person i was not at all impressed ?
but i saw a guy do it in cirque de soleil once !
almost as if some laws that impinge on rights are good and some are bad ?
my name is marc and i 'm a freelance web developer here 's my website and portfolio http kilobytestudios.org ? ref=sb41716 .
essentially i focus on building solutions to your business problems by means of technology .
i am a goal-oriented designer i will not do anything to your website unless we can tie it to a direct business goal .
this results in an increased bottom line for you your business .
all of my past work are visible in case studies on my website however the most notable examples are ...
precision garage door of omaha http kilobytestudios.org/client-repo/precision site designs for a garage door service installation company in omaha ne see their testimonial on reddit here https www.reddit.com/r/forhire/comments/44wmgu/for_hire_need_to_improve_your_web_presence_let_me/d01d14w .
climbpal http www.climbpal.com ? ref=sb41716 a service that aims to simplify the outdoor bouldering world this is a template but stay tuned for growth metric updates !
rose garden consulting http kilobytestudios.org/casestudy/rose-garden-consulting an experience designed to convert .
piq http kilobytestudios.org/casestudy/piq a simple mvp used to validate an obscure business hypothesis .
zombie bop http kilobytestudios.org/casestudy/zombie-bop an attempt at going viral with a simple android game .
i turn away about 80 of the prospects that pitch their business to me i simply will not work with you if i do not see a real roi in my services .
after our initial consultation i 'll perform an incredibly-thorough market analysis and see if we 'd be a good fit for each other .
if not i 'll refer you to another developer in my network .
most of my clients are looking to simply improve their online presence and for that i use
we 'll either build a totally custom site or leverage a pre-existing theme to speed up development depending on your business needs .
i 'm currently trying to get some more experience working for medium-sized businesses looking to modernize their web presence .
feel free to reach out to me here on reddit or via my website above for a free consultation and if we 're a good fit i 'll get you setup with a solution within the week .
use the code '' red5 '' for a 5 discount for redditors !
currently located in atlanta ga however always willing to work remotely .
is the originative carbon black set in pbt or in abs ?
it 's not too important pretty sure stewie2k used ipod earbuds for the majority of his time in csgo .
i would argue comfort over quality sound quality is not too important in csgo in my opinion .
no way they survived that long without help from mama ... .
thanks for that i had n't seen a mention of them on the boards .
i 'm in the same front on the storefront i 'll deal with used trades/purchases thanks to feedback and community building .
i still need to see some better res pics before i decide on them .
i have pe kits for menasor and brtuticus those designs are more deception than neutral .
i just need some cool feet for superior and defensor .
variations on dives and lazarus r. vaughn williams concierto de aranjuez andante rodrigo ancient airs and dances i-iii respighi etc .
if i 'm remembering correctly jonathan even told the others that he thought yul had the idol that logic dictated he was the only one who could have it but the others were so insanely dumb that they did n't believe him and if i 'm remembering correctly all voted for him at that tribal council ?
but still it was yul having the idol that caused jonathan to flip .
he does n't flip if the idol was n't there which is why i still consider it having such a huge effect on the game .
jonathan was also really stupid to not vote yul at that vote because he could have flushed the idol with the exact same end result .
but the fact is that the mere existence of the super idol really scares people and convinces them to not vote for the person who has it .
i really hope we get the super idol successfully flushed for the first time ever heck simply used for the first time ever after it did n't get used once the first 3 times .
not because i 'll be all wow 'd when it gets used but because i suspect it will once again lead to boring gameplay and invincibility among those who have it all the worse this time because it makes 3 guys invincible not just 1 .
i 'd go with mimic if i were you .
i would do this because i would be in a farming guild designed to keep my rating low while giving me easy guilds to beat and easier/quicker guild points .
even a neutral commentator would sound biased to biased ears .
it 's you are who you choose to be ''
i 'm normally alright with misquoting movies but i love this movie more than any other children 's movie
but why ca n't they just be upfront if they just want sex instead of creating this facade and i want to settle bs to charm you .
makes me want to spew thinking ppl can be so calculating .
because it 's much harder to get sex from women while being up front about it .
not saying it 's ok to trick people but that 's the thought process .
or maybe they just genuinely lose interest in you .
what is it about miami that attracts trashy and inconsiderate people ?
i 've lived here all my life and i still do n't get it .
it 's such a beautiful place you 'd think it would attract more good people .
i was looking forward to maybe attending this next year and now it wo n't happen because of these fucktards .
is it just me or does griffin look like he lost weight ?
in all honesty you should invest on a better pc/laptop .
this is n't good for gaming at all let alone black ops ii .
i expect that you 'll probably get at most 20-30 fps at 800x600 resolution and everything else turned down to the lowest possible option .
not seeing anything here either wondered if i was the only one ...
the iphone also has a lot of interesting apps also .
technically speaking unless we get old ancient hardware it 's outside of the 200 budget .
they are called one fuse-box films '' and a lot of low budget indy films are shot that way .
some can be shot in one or two days with minimal setup/takedown .
the way you 've blocked in the screenshot kills you so i 'm imagining i missed something .
you find out penny is cheating on you with sam so you 're getting a divorce .
wanting to control what happens to your body is n't wanting to control everything '' .
you were very honest from the start as to what makes you comfortable .
nor should he have called you a feminazi or man-hater '' because there are names you do n't enjoy
that 's something you 'd expect from a 14 year old not someone 14 years older than you .
i 'm glad at least you got a few orgasms out if the experience because the rest sounds tiresome .
i like your river metaphor it 's a good one and you should be allowed to wade in at your own pace .
no one wants to be shoved off the dock .
and with such great news i think this a nice conclusion to that chapter in the dylan o'brien fandom .
it 's amazing to see how much effort we put into all of that speculation a year ago .
but i 'm happy it brought so many dylan fans together .
yes it is an issue with these apps too .
mightytext pushbullet pushover and many hundreds of thousands of other apps rely on google play services .
if gps ca n't connect you can debug with 426 and see if it 's connected or not then you 'll miss push messages etc until you open the app and it forms its own connection again when it wakes up ''
the reason so many people notice it with pushbullet it because pushbullet has to be instant .
other apps often initiate an outbound connection every x minutes regardless of having received a wakeup tickle from gps thus appear to be updating '' correctly even though they not .
so what ended up happening to that guy forsberg hit last night ?
capitalists are closet marxists because that 's the only opposing view they tend to know .
kinda like how many catholics give too much credit to satan as if they worship his power .
anyways many capitalists are n't too well read so it 's not surprising that they think there can be no such thing as a free market without capital value .
surely this concept is n't hard one makes a decentralized free market tracking a different value other than capital as its measure .
government run health systems also suffer from massive fraud costs .
also comparisons stating overhead as a percentage of expenditures ignores that government run insurance pays a whole lot of money without any better outcomes .
so what medicare pays out 600 billion at 3 overhead if they 're wasting money left and right due to lack of oversight .
so much so that the overhead in private insurance more than pays for itself considering the lack of fraudulent and unnecessary claims they pay out .
i do n't see someone like merkel who is treating the popular classes of europe and the greek exemple is a good one as shit having any humanitarian impetus '' .
popular classes '' ... .what an interesting phrase ... and how demonstrative of a particular mindset .
meanwhile is n't it possible that the greeks financial problems are their own ? ... that their overly-generous social spending and early-retirement policies have driven their economy to bankruptcy ?
how is this merkel 's or germany 's responsibility ?
as i tried to show with trade deficit stats islam is not the main cultural trait that determines economic well being in a globalized world .
your implication is that globalization is the primary reason for the moribund economies of the islamic world ... .and in the meantime you 're ignoring the preceding four centuries of global social-political-economic-technological evolution during which the islamic world fell hopelessly behind the west .
the total number of books translated into arabic during the 1,000 years since the age of caliph al-ma'moun a ninth-century arab ruler who was a patron of cultural interaction between arab persian and greek scholars to this day is less than those translated in spain in one year
this is because of the influence of islam the all-encompassing cultural embrace of the faith its fatalism its aversion to innovation and change its imposition of conformity its contempt for outsiders and non-believers .
but i guess acknowledging as much would violate the multicultural ethos the one that propagates that all cultures/religions are equally valid ... .and therefore we must manufacture other reasons for the pathologies that continue to afflict the islamic world politically-correct reasons like the machinations of the evil west and globalization .
friend i would like to digress for a moment if i could ?
earlier in this discourse we had this exchange ... .
you someone who has millions of euros of houses house .
you someone who has millions of euros of capital capital tax .
you seem to be very articulate in english and yet both of these answers you offered were quite inarticulate .
could you please try re-phrasing them so i can better understand your position ?
god damn you 've got a smoking hot body .
please add it to your post and reply with 'done ' after you have done so .
i will automatically approve your post next time my server allows me to .
i 'm running my cpu at 1.3v right now and it still crashes .
i probably have to open the pc up and look at the cpu later .
is there any way to check if mobo is defective ?
oh yeah i forgot this game has a shit multiplayer system .
just wondering but where can i find all of the new ggc guides ?
kind of wan na try and get the gems before the new oe rare summons are out .
to expand on u/mjucft 's already excellent answer there are also many fields of economics beyond macro .
there are many economists looking into minimum wage http www.nber.org/papers/w4509.pdf immigration http www.nber.org/papers/w3069.pdf education http qed.econ.queensu.ca/pub/faculty/ferrall/econ861/papers/bedard.pdf and loads of other policy-relevant questions .
it 's a pirate space station from the captain 's edition mod .
it adds a whole bunch of new content like stations and even a new crewman .
i think the minimum time required is 16 seconds if there 's always something to hit .
that 's almost accurate about 5 to the state and 25 to the federal government .
when i work overtime i am pushed into the next bracket and pay more .
i work fewer hours to avoid hitting that threshold .
the exorbitant taxes motivate me to earn less and leave my coworkers understaffed .
but why work that hard and net only a little more ?
well we 're you courteous enough to bring your own lube ?
but at least flip has a grand slam 2 really a triple a double and a smattering of singles among the occasional strike out .
i have a pair of brown desert boots from clark 's that make me feel like the sexiest mother fucker on the planet every time i wear them .
yep that was one of the many times on reddit where i said there is no way in hell i 'm clicking on that . ''
i do n't know if it changes anything though .
sjws keep gaining power because they leech the life energy and fun out of everything and linger on this earthly plane .
doooooogs 1 http omfgdogs.com 2 http cakedogg.com seizure warning 3 http sanger.dk 4 r/flatpuppy courtesy of ttumblrbots
i honestly do n't know how but i completely forgot dez existed which is ridiculous because my roommate is a huge cowboys fan and wears his bryant jersey all the time .
seriously and ever notice most of these runners in baltimore are fat ?
it 's like a bunch of people who stuff thier faces and then think running around the block will burn off all those calories .
normally they do n't bother me i just feel sorry for them when the do these pathetic races and then they walk around for hours afterward with thier numbers still pinned on like look at me look at me i can run i 'm awsome clap for me .
that 's not how they do things in south florida buddy !
edit reasoning is because the boost on the bottom of the shoe looks mirrored .
i have a magika and stam dk but my stam dk is my tank for now .
i will switch it up eventually though i do have almost 20k magika on him .
i believe that throughout our lives we meet the people we need to meet in the moment we need to meet them .
sounds like you learned from your relationships and it 's time to keep on keeping on .
you must feel very proud in coming up with that .
the sketches used to be my favorite part of the show .
cloppy frankenstein wastes a minute of our time new state quarters max and conan not being able to hold a conversation satellite channels ... the show used to have brilliant sketches but most of the writers left .
and obviously his remotes were the best there 's ever been .
has anyone talked about how the rl blazers are a fifth seed out west ?
i mean i know lillairds dirty but what other than cm what on earths been working for them ?
out of genuine curiosity what kind of post would n't be a shitpost ?
this was from an account that i left and my ex girlfriend refused to pay the phone bill .
i was under the impression that when i left it put all of the responsibility on her but that does n't seem to be the case here .
and does your wife really blame you just because it was your idea ?
she could of prevented it just as easily as you by hiding the piggybanks .
i doubt the police will do anything you ca n't prove who took it .
but for the future there are 100 wifi security cameras that are pretty sweet .
we use it as a baby monitor as well as security and it works with our phone which is nice .
i 'll add an image later today that describes what i 'm thinking but would that imply each has its own codebase ?
models being a separate package imported by all microservices .
i already have a paladin priest and rogue.. whats a good 4th class to create for the jar ?
i assume the explosion works for explosive bullets as well ?
if pub stomping tf2 servers has taught me anything its that now is the perfect opportunity to spawn kill .
nah just maybe fire a beer across his bow ruffle his feathers .
yes i 've been planning to treat myself to some luxury makeup but not sure if i want whoo or not .
actually i did buy a mini lipstick we shall see how it is !
there really needs to be a more concerted effort by major health organization to distribute mosquito nets in west africa .
these action would benefit the region immensely by preventing millions of mosquitos from dying needlessly of aids .
could it be that your bank is the real problem ?
it might be the norm when the game dies down and only people who know or care about the etiquette are playing .
there are way too many people playing right now for that to be the case .
keep it simple and do n't overspend on it .
i understand your view and i partially share it being the mildly paranoid individual i am .
but i also would not take any kind of action until the flight behavior of the drone indicates anything other than recreational flight .
edit and by 'action ' i mean basically anything other than shooting a gun into the air .
on advertising it costs a fair bit of money to book ads on tv newspapers radio etc and roar have n't exactly been rolling in cash lately so i 'd suggest that this is why the marketing team are forced to rely so heavily on social media .
which has its own problems as they 're essentially already preaching to the choir .
the fact it takes you awhile is part of the power of your writing .
this posting of yours should be what you submit to the org that can help you find a home .
it 's all there the financials the emotional motivation the plans for the future .
the only edit that stands out is to delete the criticism of your ex wife and the court system but keep the first part of that sentence as it 's very relevant .
here 's a basic edit to get you started .
i 'm currently trying to find a house for myself my fiance who doubles as my full-time caregiver and for my two little boys jack and sean . ''
a little backstory when i was in the military i purchased a house in louisiana .
i loved my house it was beautiful old charming most importantly it was mine .
around this time i was diagnosed with lyme disease which lead to fibromyalgia terrible knee pains headaches/migraines cognitive difficulties and to top it off general panic disorder .
one day my wife ex now and i found out that we we 're going to have twins !
around the same time i got orders for us to move to ramstein germany .
long story short i ended up losing my house because i could n't find a buyer in time . ''
i got out of the military with an honorable discharge and now live in northern virginia to be closer to my boys and to go to school for a few semesters .
due to my disabilities i am unable to keep attending school and have been placed on full disability by the va veteran affairs . ''
due to the high costs of northern virginia i live with roommates and my fiance caregiver .
my ex-wife is unwilling to let the boys stay with me or even visit at all since i live with roommates . ''
write a polite closing sentence or two expressing your hope that they can help you .
in situations like yours think of this letter as a resume of sorts .
it 's job is to get a response from them for more information a phone call a letter asking for more info or references that sort of thing .
the story you 've laid out is concise and strong without being pushy or whiney .
you do n't want this letter to be a sales letter .
give it a shot they are n't the va but understand the va and you .
lol i only posted that because ive been working on this research paper all semester about improving failing schools and there was finally something relevant to my research on reddit .
you mean bo since he probably wo n't have a stable by then ?
yeaaahhh 1 night 2 days ' rating is up again ... xd
u/iadam1n is not a new mod he 's been a moderator for jailbreakqa and been banning people randomly and for personal drama since he got the position ... .and britta is worse .
like i said in his welcome post britta 's gon na be next and the entire r/jailbreak will go to chaos
oh i would like to mention that mark hack is still in jailbreakqa even though what he did there nsfw pics personal insults spams ... etc but nooooooo they ban whoever say fish sticks ''
most gibsons of the era had either 1 single-coil in or 2 dual-coils .
aside from activating or deactivating each coil it also had a built-in clock if you wanted to use it for teaching—very handy !
i only heard good things about them and people wishing they were n't being discontinued so i ordered them when i was drunk then when i was sober i realized i ordered the dual sport version and not the sticker supermoto version ... maybe it would be worth returning them .
shipping then back would cost at least 50 since i live in hawaii but crashing could easily cost more ...
my 500lbs bandit which is way easier to ride 2 up and has pr4 's i 'm liking them a lot
i was totally expecting you to burn all your pp and go into crazy psycher mode at some point in the episode shame we did n't get to see that !
i thought it would be a nice contrast to what we have seen from him previously .
if you zhonyas on initial cast of deathmark you can because of the duration the bit krepo mentioned however considering the invulnerable text that appeared which occurs after deathmark pop whilst in zhonyas and the absolutely immaculate shadow positioning from perkz got em with the good ol e boys
im not someone yesterday asked me if there was still summons even in ng and higher lvl so i figured if the cursed tree as summons most other area will to so i went to check and saw a couple
announcers just said it 's got ta be smash mouth hockey for the ducks .
so they have to play like ... . all stars ?
imagine that shot once the planetary shader is online ... e-benhappy
use your good destroy runes just for the stats .
the effect is n't worth much but still better than a broken set .
one of the reasons life is n't fair is because of selfish assholes like you .
my friend did n't mention latin americans at all .
he was kicked out of the ffl a few years back though .
then i guess the lower skill players will play exactly the same regardless this wo n't encourage them to do anything differently .
this nerf punishes those who would use the partial descope to keep an eye on their surroundings while staying scoped in essentially better campers .
i think it 's a much better designed nerf than originally thought .
ads in/out under normal circumstances seems only slightly more sluggish thus snipers are still very viable to use without hardscoping all the time .
but i like the added punishment for people who like to stay hardscoped in one area for too long .
your post was removed because you did not follow rule 2 http www.reddit.com/r/pokemonplaza/wiki/rules wiki_rule_2 .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/pokemonplaza if you have any questions or concerns .
any manually driven car on the road could be turned into a deadly weapon by a suddenly irrational or murderous driver and kill tens of people within a few seconds .
following the same reasoning of your argument how would you like to urgently call for this glaring security hole to be addressed '' ?
us1549 was brought down because the plane hit a flock of canada geese and so both engines ingested one or several birds .
and has nothing whatsoever the fuck to do with drones .
there has never been an occurrence of a drone impacting a plane and incapacitating or damaging that plane to any degree .
if a 1000 phantom struck a plane do you think the damage would be worse or the same as striking a pelican or canada goose ?
do you ever see swarms of drones or any other form of toy/consumer uav that travel in such density that several could be ingested at once ?
do you suppose maybe drone fliers generally respect faa regulations and stay well clear of airports ?
ffs what are you even saying when you call for a non-problem like this to be addressed '' ?
do you also feel safer while getting treated to security theater and manhandled by tsa goons in blue gloves ?
once you figure them out and learn to recognize them hell yeah !
unless he trained with yeast and flour i think you mean bred .
ever throw something off the back of a truck car or train while in motion ?
even if you were to just drop it the bullet would not hang in mid air .
it would fall to the ground while traveling in the same direction of the car at the same speed .
we 've talked about this but thought i 'd post .
i think you make valid points that what if comics are not edit inherently unusable .
first i think we need to be a little more aware of the context of what if comics because pis is very real thing .
hell we disregard it in the main timeline so what ifs should be no different .
in some of the what if comics i 've read characters are a little more prone to acting differently or being stronger or weaker than we typically see them .
second we need to be aware of the time frame .
a lot of the what if comics come from a long time ago and the characters have changed a lot .
they 've experience power creep have changed powers completely or have different attitudes .
so people should be aware of any potential changes before posting feats from what if comics .
now that he 's trained in douchebaggery he 's gon na get laid so much now.^ornot^yeaprobablynot
i have whimsicott cinccino and aegislash aegislash is a part of my main team so id need that back the others i do n't
no another major gripe about the layout here is that there 's no pantry but there is so much room for a pantry .
on the plus side there 's an extra tile or two down in the basement so i 've got some breathing room as long as i do n't crack them all .
just to be clear my cutting wheel is a cheap one from this kit http www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/b004yxzj28/ref=mp_s_a_1_6 ? qid=1460956023 amp sr=8-6 amp pi=sl75_ql70 amp keywords=masonry+cutting+wheel+angle+grinder .
like this one http www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/b01866dvci/ref=mp_s_a_1_9 ? qid=1460956023 amp sr=8-9 amp pi=sl75_ql70 amp keywords=masonry+cutting+wheel+angle+grinder .
you think that will work and i do n't need one of those fancy-man diamond blades ?
if i had an army of bots dont you think i would have a little more then like 150 comment karma ?
mdma crystal comes in rocks meth crystals form shards .
i also have the nyx primer that works okay .
it 's not as glowy though so i tend to go for lumi
i am seriously considering buying back ups for these brushes currently because i love them so damn much !
putting eyeshadow on has never felt so easy for me after buying these brushes .
i have 11 raise max levels with this escalation battle ... really need the last two .
what was the biggest tournament in terms of prize money in 1.6 ?
toby is his last name his first name is goodbye
still never felt comfortable talking to them about dating and the opposite sex .
we are friendly but two very different people and not especially close .
my white and those that wanted to be white female peers from the grades 6-12 were unbelievably bullying and cruel .
this has led to a massive mental block when it comes to trying to talk to attractive single women in real life .
what 's the worst that could happen they say no ? ''
yes i 'd prefer not to have that wound opened up any more that it already is .
i 'm unable to read signs and unable to have a platonic relationship with someone who is single because i ca n't tell the difference between friendliness and desire and it will just lead to tears later .
was almost molested by a neighbor during my early teens .
i grew up in a very diverse city and always got along well with blacks both male and female and my late teens was much happier hanging out with them exclusively .
it shaped my world view that 's for sure .
funny how you call exploiters no life 's when the exploit is used to reduce the time spent playing lol
it 's early in the season so you likely will still be eligible so long as you do n't get suspended again .
however you wo n't be able to earn hextech rewards for an indeterminate amount of time because of this .
you know that the skill on the bar remains animated when it is still up and stops when it 's down right ?
just look down for a half second and check .
so to your question do the powers get more fun ? '' .
you should not be behind cover unless you fucked up royally past act 2 and need to recharge your powers .
you 've got an entire arsenal of choices at your disposal .
every encounter has several ways to approach it when it comes to combat .
there 's the time bomb quick dash sprinting time shield and time freeze .
the biggest complaint i have aside from the end boss which the criticism is valid on your first play through is the lack of a time attack mode .
i liked the story and the video improved as you started to care about the characters but the combat was so good i wanted more .
i wanted to play through and compete for supremacy on my leaderboard .
the biggest issue i have here is people who have n't played the game which is 95 of the people commenting using giant bomb and now joe as confirmation bias .
it does n't mean it 's without it 's flaws and if someone says at 30 it 's a no brainer '' i ca n't disagree but if you skip it you 're short changing yourself and that 's the biggest shame of of all .
i would wager that unique visitors puts much more stress on a system than a smaller number of visitors at a much higher volume of traffic especially since those visitors are making one selection then watching that program for 30 min to several hours it eats up data but is basically a continuation of the same action .
lynia i love you but did you really have to pen the goal keeper with 1 health .
i see a dark black outline of a face looks like an old woman .
two small red dots i believe are her eyes and she appears to be opening her mouth and all i can hear is this low growl .
afrikaans sounds funny and it 's hard to understand .
sweet trip would add to bucket list but despise big cities will prob have gone to a couple of those by graduation
that 's fucked man from my experience time heals this kind of thing .
i also firmly believe everyone needs to see a psychologist at some point in their lives .
did you recently quit smoking or are you smoking less ?
just curious as smokers have seen weight gain when they quit .
your exercise program ... are you increasing your weights at all ?
for 2 months you would expect more progress in terms of upping weights and speed for the treadmill .
i suspect this is a major component to the slow results .
i see what they 're doing but it 's not effective .
you would be surprised how calorically dense some foods are .
your trainer can not look at you and say your testosterone or bone density is low .
also low testosterone is a symptom not a diagnosis .
if you 're concerned about it get a test .
while 254 and 40 is a little on the heftier side it certainly is n't something that should give you this much issue in weight loss .
over 2 months and at 500 kcal deficit you 're looking at a 1 a week .
you 've lost 6.5 which is close and may be accounted for by increase in muscle i doubt this is the case for you .
however at your size the weight loss should be a little more noticeable even at two months .
tldr if you quit smoking weight gain is expected .
check why your exercise routine has n't progressed much .
edit as others have said you ca n't put yourself down .
they 're the one that is trying to hold you back .
and remember steady throttle into the corner then slowly roll on if after hitting the apex .
could have figured this out quite quickly had i bothered to research a bit more ...
i bet he has a really good job that pays him very well .
im not sure what effect he does but i know its a vocal sample of kanye singing on the beat look here https soundcloud.com/kanyewest/when-i-see-it
i do n't know you but you can be one of the experts '' i speak of .
if you want your channel on the armor sub come visit from time to time .
i always forget with blue zenith because noodles paid up on the 700pp challenge even though it was on like the 2/3rd of january .
i 'll just make a dumb rule for myself like 20 pullups per death .
by the time i make it halfway through the game i 'll be big enough to take on conor mcgregor .
this does n't convince me that every team is just as guilty as the warriors .
i can show you some clips of other players looking to draw contact to go to the line but i do n't think that 's going to convince anyone that harden does n't do it the most .
honestly the reffing in this series could get really weird .
in game one we saw green get called for a moving screen when beverley ran into him hard which normally does n't get called .
we also had harden get called for an offensive foul when he leaned into the defender when driving to the hoop which jvg even commented has been consistently called the other way .
that said there were still a lot of illegal screens that did n't draw a whistle .
nor can the common boob tell the difference between the hotspots
i 've always been use to working my ass off so i never really just worked a little less .
i 've been thinking the same thing you said until i find a better job .
that has nothing to do with what an average is ...
i feel like he does n't always wear a jacket that has that logo on it or am i wrong ?
i 'm truly amazed you where supposed to learn about this before finishing high school .
but it will help in the performance of the system no fps gains .
with the ssd you will never want to go back trust us on this one .
edit you could go for the i5 6400 instead .
i hope i mean no insult but r/stlouis may give you a better invitation to the city proper
what the fuck i thought his was a global thing ?
israel has the benefit of the support of the us and the military prowess over its neighbors .
the only time i hear john madigan is when he 's whinging about the government .
they love to complain they seemingly underachieve every year in the playoffs based on their talent and entertainment level their coach is a know-it-all and also loves to complain cp3 and blake are both overexposed in commercials imo and just overall attention deandre had that whole fiasco this summer that people love to hate on the stole cp3 from the lakers in the first place yes i 'm still bitter and anyone who tells you they are n't is a liar .
if youre going to battle of bc hit me up cause i 'm going for sure .
prob gon na train a bunch with mike li or something to prepare .
you think you 're a big flaming lips fan ?
im pretty sure im their biggest fan in bc .
been listening to them for 7-8 years buddy lol .
anyways maybe see u at vsb or ubc or something .
in that month period according to annals tyrell and martell won 7 6 each of 124 tournaments lannister won 31 .
from nmg to now lannister have won 50 tyrell have n't got a single recorded win .
i know the annals are n't exhaustive but for the data they have the only period where lannister weren't dominating was core-ttb .
since trtw they 've had the lion 's share boom boom of victories and the margin has only increased since then .
i understand why lannister players are keen to point out there are other semi-competitive decks but when one faction is taking 50 of wins out of an 8 faction meta it 's hard to argue that things are n't somewhat skewed .
a similar thing happened to my sister but she woke up and started screaming .
she did n't really care for cats in the first place now she has an irrational fear/hatred for them now .
the only thing longer than your face is your transplanted penis
unfair spawning of ai surrounding any players who have pushed up towards objective usually ending in rapid and death
best way is to take the left side and push up though the trains clearing out hostile as soon as you pass the white building at the top you find yourself surrounded by spawning ai .
just do n't fuck your entire computer up by updating to nvidias god awful latest driver .
wow this makes me really sad but i 'm glad i found this .
why you ask because my grandfather was given one of these when he retired from nasa and he passed 3 years ago .
after he passed my grandmother was moving in to a smaller house and i ask if i could have this to rimber my grandfather and what amazing person and how much he had accomplish in his life .
i just hope that i can be half the man he is to me .
but really pleas let me buy this off of you i have been looking all over for this .
but sadly when i whent to pick it up thay gave it to the away to the salvation army .
i have been looking everywhere to replace what i lost and would really like to buy this off of you no matter the cost because of its meaning to me .
pleas pm me any thing to work something out .
ich denke bis morgen bin ich mit der dokumentation fertig .
ich hoffe dass ich dann nicht all zu lange auf die exemplare von unserer druckereiabteilung warten muss .
game is a broken mess i wont waste my time playing it '' instead you will log onto reddit and talk about the game and how you are n't playing it on the forums dedicated to the game .
yep ... sure are using that unwasted time wisely .
no problem i really appreciate that you 're taking some of your time to help me ! !
it continues directly off of it and references it constantly .
i did n't see your post in any other subs but i see other redditors in other subs with this flair .
maybe other subs you visited do n't supports flairs ?
this post was removed because it is not from the approved domains r/palegirls/wiki/hosts or it is not a direct image link .
please read the link on proper way to post .
please note that albums are not allowed to be posted by new accounts .
also note that new users using imgur need to link directly to the image i.imgur.com/abcdefg.png not the html page imgur.com/abcdefg .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/palegirls if you have any questions or concerns .
cu is so big you can pretty much find any group you 're looking to find here .
you do not know what at least one of those words mean .
that looks goo i 'm just not sure i can pull off that short haha
the darkness of this film flew over my head when i was little.﻿
the last time he was on was so boring holy fuck .
howard just hits him with 'yes or no ' questions and it 's just him going 'yes ... .yes ... .yes ... .no ... .yes ... . '
but if you say nines or fn-2199 i 'll have to think about it .
was n't there a republic clone trooper nicknamed nines in the clone wars series ?
when i got rpg on ps4 it was transcendence on pc though last thing i needed was ... boomerang ... i do n't know how
i hope to becomepowerful and in top ranks and get more gems and medals
when our ancestors managed to successfully hunt a large beast they would celebrate by over-eating thus causing them to vomit .
the important tribe members got the most to eat and so vomited the most thus vomiting became a display of affluence and importance .
we have subsequently evolved an instinctive need to out-vomit one another .
so the next time you see someone vomiting remember that they 're just showing off .
i do n't even have a tube amp but can you give some examples for things you do different when playing with one ?
even more bullshit is that he can counter dispel with the ability you just dispelled off of him .
it has n't been confirmed yet but it is implied by the writers .
not sure av=bout smallvile all we know of is flarrowverse flash arrow constantine vixen and legends supergirl-verse 90 's flash and earth 2
i love crossword puzzles and the new york times ones are unfortunately very good usually .
use handwriting analysis to narrow it down to 1 or 2 people call them in for questioning/deposition show evidence they do n't know wo n't hold up in court get confession .
which is why you never talk to anyone official without your own lawyer present .
he needs to be strong he is only melee range he has fire strike sure but its a relatively slow moving very visible projectile with medium damage he can only do one thing he needs to be great at it
nobody who loves what they do for a living gives a fuck about fake '' panhandlers .
most games would have been dying before i even picked it up .
but it turned out that i joined just in time for wotlk which was the greatest gaming experience of my life .
he thinks that manufacturers should be held liable '' .
they are using it as a caitlyn wannabe in the sense that it 's long range safe and does work late .
i actually think midfield is going to be our biggest issue carrick and schweini seem to be on their last legs and herrera is n't good enough .
having no idea how much experience you have makes me want to suggest ubuntu or mint .
i do n't really think debian is a 'beginner ' operating system .
you will have to learn a few new things while making the transition but it 's not too bad .
as long as you are willing to learn is key here
if you have mission critical applications that only work on windows you will need to accommodate for that .
i 'll bet anything you ca n't give me a meaningful unambiguous definition .
gets the fact that it 's good advertising to try to get people to see your product when searching for competition ?
so some dude can luck out and get better stats
you could say it is somewhat like real life .
edit lol did n't realize so many people played this to escape the unfairness of reality .
yeah if we 're going to handcuff 14 year olds they need to at least be building at a university level ...
they have russia iran hezbollah and the shia militias as well .
and what do you mean by low savings rates despite low interest rates and explain why so much foreign capital is attracted to the u.s. yadee yadee yada and how all of that translated to high demand for mortgage origination amidst other factors . ''
i may be wrong but should n't the mean of the sampling distribution be equal to mu ?
1650 would be the absolute latest for me it 's not that you ca n't westernize but you only have another 100 years or so in the game .
i think we will bounce back but if that 's in 1-2 games then we could already be fucked .
all the titles say they are going to the next doge who is not in my family .
and i thought my 32 hours since tuesday was a lot ...
awesome coat i passed on a brown one on the secondary market a while back and i think of it sometimes .
never seen the navy one cool to see a write up on some white mountaineering stuff
in a way he did reform the whole language .
to simplify the story the language before the reform was sort of split between the upper class and the lower class and then split even further within the classes .
the literary language which the upper classes used was more based on church slavonic than anything because it was seen as the successor of proto-slavic so its use was seen as the continuation of tradition .
meanwhile the spoken language used by the lower class was seen as primitive and uncultured to the upper class .
vuk 's reform was based on the lower class and argued for its standardization .
he spent over 50 years working on it and his reform was only accepted by the serbian government less than 10 years after his death .
i totally used to be hardout into yu-gi-oh for a while ... then i missed a bunch of episodes or seasons and found i 'd grown out of it when i went back to catch up
since w-2s were supposed to be mailed out by the end of january i 'd think the answer is no .
how about asking the mod author or checking the mob drop table for the zombie pigmen
well im getting some interesting pokemon at the very least lol
thank you for staying and standing up for our cause !
chavo guerrero instead of rey mysterio and chris jericho instead of sheamus .
seasons 3 4 is where house of cards starts being really terrible too .
so just turn around and do n't look back .
oh man i work at a flight school and have found dead birds in the strangest of places .
this reminded me of two birds i found on two separate occasions both drowned to death in buckets full of 100ll fuel in a bucket just like this .
will never top the one i blew up mid-flight with a propeller or the one that i watched slip into a giant heating fan in the hangar and proceed to get chopped up and layer the floor with feathers .
is there a chance it could be related to the brutal property maybe ?
perhaps higher chance to crit or more subsequent attacks ?
this is n't the only ability with odd properties .
i think it 's thor he has a buff ability that targets all heroes but in the properties it says one enemy '' .
basically looks like it 's supposed to buff an enemy with strengthened .
there are so many layers of s here i do n't have much of an idea what who you are trying to support condemn .
oh man i 'm sorry for laughing so hard but that is too funny .
please submit your post as a self discussion post with some context .
direct image posts are not allowed per the subreddit rules https www.reddit.com/r/overwatch/wiki/rules .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/overwatch if you have any questions or concerns .
sometimes women might think you losing your erection is because they are n't sexy enough but if they know that that 's not the case they will be much more willing to keep trying with you .
6/5 is on par with the stats you 'd expect for 5 mana even without a deathrattle on the board it has beast synergy it 's immune to bgh and of course if you do have a deathrattle that usually means extra value .
the one problem is that if you have a deathrattle you don't want triggered you 're forced to get the effect anyway unless the card allows you to target a friendly minion without deathrattle ? .
but most of those are n't going to be in standard and in any case it 's easy enough to just not run them together with this .
no i 'm claiming you can have a superior weapon system that is more effective for the same price if not less if you do n't use spec parts .
may take a while cause i 'm on phone and you cool with 159 ?
my sexuality and gender are mine to embody and define .
not queer as in gay but queer as in 'fuck off society '
you are totally correct but does your point matter ?
we both can agree on this as a barça fan .
was that a guy in the backseat of the truck ... o
yeah i was lucky to have a mother in law that had a ton of newspapers i dont get it either .
or the actual weed blocking fabric you cut holes to plant .
unless someone else says different i 'd assume cardboard it too thick .
there 's plenty of items out there you can flip for a very small margin of profit pretty much any item with a relatively stable price think how almost any item you try to buy or sell will go through instantly with a high or low enough offer merchants are constantly selling/buying for like a few worth of profit even 1 profit off of a 100m cash stack is 1m for relatively small effort .
hell pro merchants make alt-accounts to have more ge slots cause there 's so many items you can go for small margins on .
the bigger margin items change all the time though and take a lot more research .
obviously i ca n't tell you the what those items are since they change all the time and sometimes you got ta make a gamble on an item .
and obviously if there are any items that are currently easy money people would n't share them as those items are only easy money if no one else knows about it
implying that wasting the money you earned by yourself for yourself is the same as depriving a child .
my belly button never popped out with my son and only went flat .
however i had to switch to a flexible barbell this week and i did n't have to do that until i was 36w with my 1st .
i got banned from there cause i kept calling those kids little shits .
the mods of bvb should n't also mod circle jerk it 's one on the same
snorlax and pikachu where very tough for me cause i fought them with the drake sword it took me 50 deaths but i eventually got them was very rewarding
does n't it feel like mike is just repeating corby these days ?
like he wo n't say anything till corby does then he repeats exactly that
agreed though op needs to hop on over to the sidebar .
in my opinion it depends on which school you like .
if you like the middle of the road program better go for it .
whether you do or do n't make their cutoffs you can still apply out .
from your posts it seems like you 'd much rather go to the better '' school .
i 'd go for the one that fits you best and it 'd be a plus if it was cheaper
shame you did n't i only refuted literally everything you said with logic and reason .
it 's all good though people do n't like being proved wrong so i understand why you would n't want to read someone proving you wrong .
you 'd rather just forget about this whole thing .
welp keep being delusional and i 'll go about my day too .
any chance you 'd post more pics so we can get the complete before '' look now ?
your argument seems to be that if we ca n't solve all of the problem we should n't work to solve any of it .
students and professors are asked if they can provide observable evidence that one kind of lifeform can come from another ie .
not adaptation but going from sea to land for example .
in other words they were asked to disprove the theory of evolution .
evolution does not permit for one population of an organism to become another fundamentally different kind
if you accept the methods used in paternity tests determine recent ancestry the same methods can be used to demonstrate ancient ancestry .
r/nfl does the same thing the mods have excluded the sub from r/all so they do n't crowd out other posts during big games and they do n't have loads of people that are n't football fans entering the sub and making things hectic .
it seems more like actual pain like i tweaked my spine .
overwhelming sensation that my back needs to be cracked .
i do n't want to learn bad habits and then have to break them when i go back to iracing .
you 'll probably have to doctor shop for a bit because there are a lot of docs out there who are not cf-friendly however check out the list we 're compiling in the sidebar of docs who have sterilized members in the past .
if you 're lucky enough to live near someone like dr. snip or others on the list then that should hopefully shorten the shopping .
if not just be a pioneer and doctor shop until you have one to add to the list yourself .
also for your gf if she 's on an aca compliant insurance plan tubals should be covered .
and that works even if she 's on a parent 's plan the parents have no say in the medical choices of an adult child though she will likely want to set up the hippaa privacy protection on the plan so that her parents ca n't see the eob and other paperwork and be assholes about it .
coverage for tubals is one of the best things that came out of the aca .
if you stand by the ledge with the new 20xx 4.05 cpus they 'll do it a decent amount of the time your only other option making one of your friends do it .
i 'd like to see a view store page link in the drop down menu of your friends while they are in a game .
too many people take that for granted atleast here in the us
gon na paint our wagon gon na paint it good we ai n't bragging we 're gon na coat that wood .
gon na paint your wagon gon na paint it fine gon na use oil-based paint 'cause the wood is pine
this post was removed because it was missing the required safari unknown tag for unknown safari threads .
if you are a new user and do n't know which pokemon you have please insert safari unknown in the title of your post and try again .
if you know what your safari pokemon are please add them to your flair http friendsafaribot.tumblr.com and try again .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/friendsafari if you have any questions or concerns .
they assisted in the dismantling of the electric trolley system of the la area .
but more importantly lots of cities dismantled their networks without gm .
buses offer more flexibility and are much less expensive to maintain which were substantial advantages when public transport in general was losing ground to cars .
traditional interurbans trolley lines in rural areas basically almost completely disappeared by going bankrupt .
urban trolleys were dismantled more by public transit operators government entities not gm because they were simply too expensive to maintain .
unless you 're running them both on the street and on their own right-of-way or in a tunnel a streetcar just does n't have many advantages over the bus mostly higher capacity and most trolley lines were entirely street-running .
many cities judged these advantages to not be worth the extra cost of maintaining a trolley line .
only thing bliz needs to nerf to fuck over druid is keeper .
its already super weak to tempo decks zoo and somewhat to face decks its taunts are expensive and not that good certainly irrelevant with silence and its removal mostly sucks .
without keeper druid would be absolutely murderstomped by fast decks even with ramp .
and druid wasnt all that often a top tier deck/class even with combo so i 'm not particularly convinced its all that strong to begin with .
its not like people didnt continuesly try ramp/beast/other decks with each expansion they just werent good .
without combo perhaps it wont be unplayable or super low tier like non aggro shamans but certainly not strong .
ghosts snd 5v5 vet bots with you on one team and a friend on the other is bliss .
yes ... but he still does not beat us he will die ... i 'm sure of it
they never promised an specific shipping date only an estimate .
i was a hundred percent sure is it was a brand of candles .
but hyperion is set on well hyperion and often gets a pass .
i play nms i 'm the best i 've ever met ingame
people just keep ordering on repeat even though they 've already got it
although i am sure this can be achieved easily enough i usually advise my clients to instead go for a accounting solution instead because it 's much cheaper is much better integrated with f.ex .
debt collection agencies and reporting to tax authorities plus you usually have an actual accountant that can support you if needed i can build an app and support it but idk the first thing about balancing company budgets .
have you looked at other options besides what you get in the microsoft stack ?
idk where you are from but in norway i 'd recommend visma eaccounting http www.visma.no/eaccounting
flak went off along side it door gunners were probably already dead .
you equate the name mafia '' with the term gang '' in doing so you present the mafia origin story as if it were the gang origin story .
are you telling me that the mafia was n't the first criminal organization in human history ?
you then attempt to draw a parallel with a concept of a security firm which has been clearly explained to you just by way of the word private '' and then try to hock this abortion of an argument to the people here .
explain the difference between the sicilian mafia in the beginning and private security firms .
work out for 1 cook for 1 sleep for 3 .
i think it uses the prongs for weighing but the default catch container will also fit in the prongs http coffeegeek.com/images/70020/400x400/sette-270-isolft.jpg ? popup=1 .
supporting third parties just because they 're third parties is just as stupid as supporting the big two because they 're the big two
i did n't know about that site and that it is usable on phones like this .
when i used m.facebook.com i never got notifications for messages in chrome .
i watched it and it did n't seem like much was missing .
there are r/australia and r/australianpolitics subs though they seem to mostly be links and i 'm not sure if questions like this are appropriate there .
eli5 is for explanations of complex concepts which generally excludes current events .
show me exactly when he got attacked so hard that it warranted him to go after defenseless blunden who still had his gloves on in such a violent way .
it 's literally just going through the not so great story .
i stated all the people linked to the clintons .
call it a holiday people will often think it weird .
call it a sabbatical people will seldom question it .
i have never had a really long period away alone but i invariably love it when i do either travelling or more sedentary .
are you happy with that view of life though ?
why do n't you just take it a day at a time and see how things go ?
light ca n't go through one way glass or at least not enough to harm you
yep got it just posted and i have no i idea how to change it before posting sorry .
the cost is astronomical though i 'm not too sure of the effects it could have on south korea considering the economy or its infrastructure .
it could probably be better to wait while resources are being built up to better accommodate the influx of north korean migrants .
i doubt we would ever build up the resources to seamlessly integrate the north koreans before a war breaks out but we could probably muster up more resources to better handle the issue than just bum rushing it .
on my route there is a lane between the regular highways that is opened in one direction or the other to add an extra lane depending on the rush hour direction .
it is seperated from the rest of the lane so when it ends people have to merge with traffic but merge in the fast lane .
a few days ago a car in front me is ending the lane they are clearly nervous because they are going below the speed limit and then a car in the fast lane passes them at a very high speed and they hit the brakes .
they then are forced to merge because there is a very short exit causing other cars to have to brake to deal with the slow merging vehicle .
speed limits often make no sense under ideal circumstances we can go much faster but the hundreds of people who die each day in otherwise insanely safe western countries show that often the circumstances just are n't ideal and as a society and not as individuals we need to recognize that not everyone on the road can go fast and yet we ca n't exclude them .
go ahead run for office with a message you are going to ban a large number of people from the roads .
it would make the roads much safer you would just not pass it .
because if you were serious about forcing the road laws to make full use of technological advances you would ban driving and riding altogether and move towards automated cars .
it just is n't realistic or desirable to mandate everyone drives safe and automated tesla like cars .
if you ever been on the autobahn in germany you would know what it takes to ride with no speed limit .
the germans put the burden on safety not on the slower vehicles but on the fastest .
you can go fast but it is your responsibility to be drive safely with slower road users not the responsibility of slower vehicles to cater to you .
and they need to because the top speed of some cars is easily 250km/h .
the advisory speed is 130km/h but lorries and trucks struggle at 100km/h .
many americans would have great issue with this it is near impossible to see a car coming at such speeds when overtaking so the fast car has to be the responsible one .
the germans manage it but they get very though road laws and licensing .
the rest of the world just is n't ready for that .
see the us riders on this forum on the subjects of their extremely easy motorcycle test .
your claim that we would still be doing 4mph is just stupid speed limits in europe have gone from around 100 to 130 .
but there are limits to how fast different forms of transport can share the same road when humans are in control .
thanks for answering even though i botched the title .
students tend to download and stream lots of stuff and this is amplified as you have multiple heavy users in one household and multiple households in one street .
the network can end up getting very congested and slow at peak times .
tl dr in the early 80 's a friend snatched up a religious policeman in saudi for hitting a lady friend .
the snatcher '' went to saudi jail but it 's ok because the friend being hit was an kiwi that sprung him took him home and kept him drunk on the beach for a year .
in the early 80 's a friend of mine who was a respiratory therapist went to work for a british firm that supplied medical professionals to hospitals in saudi arabia .
he was and still is i imagine the very picture of the ugly american loud vulgar and un-self-conscious .
he found to the saudi culture to have a weird veneer of religious fanaticism and just under that an intensely hedonistic and indulgent monied-class .
women that scurried around completely covered in public would go home and snort cocaine off the brass/glass coffee table while their husbands carried on with the help .
one day the ugly american was walking/talking with some associates when the lone female in the group suddenly dropped back .
he knew that this was because the mutawa were in sight and even the western women were expected to walk behind the men .
heard a yelp behind him and found one of the mutawa who were almost always elderly and frail had shoved the western woman to the ground exposing her leg from beneath her dress .
the mutawa began striking her with a stick and yelling .
she was apparently able to rise and walk away after the conflagration .
had been told during orientation not to interfere that these matters would ultimately be handled by the company and various consulates .
tua walked up to the mutawa grabbed the little old guy by the scruff his neck and bodily shook him in mid-air until a saudi soldier who were always nearby in case the mutawa needed help stepped in and struck tua with the butt of his rifle until tua was down ...
'pissing in a can shuffling in the dirt wondering whether the vague promises made by the company lawyer and american consulate employee we 're gon na mean anything .
ultimately it was the kiwi consulate that got him out .
the lady was from new zealand had started making calls as soon as she got back to her dorm .
tua paid a fine signed a confession and the kiwi picked him up and drove him straight to the airport where they both took off on the next flight to wellington .
not even a grateful beejer in the airplane bathroom ? '' ...
she did put him up until his work visa came through .
he spent a year in nz soaking up the sun and enjoying the honest hedonism of the west beer shameless bathing suits on beautiful beaches and carrying on with the females of the one nationality that back then still thought american accents were cute .
i use it with my car 's aux port using the 3.5mm aux cable plugged into the dac .
so it goes phone usb-c usb-c-to-microusb cable dac and 3.5mm aux cable from dacs headphone out to car aux .
you can also use just 2 aux 3.5mm cables one from phone to dac aux in and other from dac headphone out to car aux but this setup is less effective as the dac is bypassed and only amp is used .
you 're an awesome person op that 's so sweet of you .
same work place told me they were putting me 'on call ' unpaid like a nurse or doctor '' i worked a bar ...
or as it went with an old employer haha you 're not as it says nothing as such in my employment contract .
if you 'd like to negotiate this it 's £55 per hour with a sixteen hour minimum call out fee . ''
quit your job quit your wife and kids or girl friend infact just quit everything and throw more plastic
if we keep going on the same line we will crash ! ''
je comprends pas comment on peut s 'infliger la capote en couple moi ...
eu fiquei impressionado de terem acertado 367 votos do jeito que eles previam .
ou eles sabiam das traições ou blefaram e acertaram em cheio .
how many of us have been mad at our so and vented to friends or family ?
your friends love you and will almost always side with you
that 's why i pick partners that are not only compatible with me but with my friends and family as well .
usually we have some common friends that can act as a neutral middle ground or mediators .
well i also just read up on the eldeer strategy and considering that one mind and no grandmapocalypse atall via pledging or never starting it are pretty similar once you start going for that eldeer strategy being in the one mind stage will be a lot better all around .
i ca n't think of any viable reason why girls would rent out their space at a significantly greater proportion than guys .
one thing that may be happening is that guys feel more comfortable branching out to places like craigslist to offer subleases whereas girls are more cautious and choose the berkeley housing group because they only want to sublease to other students .
unfortunately this has seemed to be the case for any paired '' weapons for me the two exceptions would be the spears and the maces havent tested the maces that much though
the context was during the first half when paul ran into a stationary plumlee then proceeded to somehow get knocked back '' on his ass .
pretty sure the guy who runs this http lustercatcher.com/en is a redditor too
sanders economic policies would be a disaster beyond the cost of mr. sanders ' ideas – which would add an estimated 15.3 trillion in spending over the next decade – are his prospects for achieving them .
we 've witnessed how republicans in congress have spent seven years trying to thwart president barack obama 's more modest agenda .
mr. sanders ' democratic socialist ideology will make him hard to sell – and easy to misrepresent and attack – in the general election .
mrs. clinton takes a more moderate centrist approach while still espousing progressive values .
her plans take considerably less money – about 1.1 trillion over the next decade raised mainly through higher taxes on the rich .
she favors building on obamacare which has insured some 20 million more americans so far .
she prefers to target more college aid to those who need it .
she promotes more income equality and a constitutional amendment that would allow more limits on campaign finance to reduce the influence of big money in politics .
so much so that i do n't even regard it as an actual five nights at freddy 's game .
i 'm basically the opposite of everybody on this subreddit i hate fnaf 4 and fnaf world though i absolutely adore the silver eyes
practically everyone here now who likes duelling the 'proper ' way are ds1 veterans who want more of the same but better .
good god man i 'm not talking about getting blind drunk .
i 've found that if they 're mid charge and you enter square they stop in their tracks and rear up .
if you 're planning to bring atro up to oe then evolve him after laberd .
people need to be motivated to hit the polls especially young voters and especially during midterms .
question without factoring in money which candidate do you think is more likely to motivate younger voters to hit the polls come midterm elections ?
i used to have a vg248qe and the tn 's viewing angle should n't be inconsistent like that .
at this point i 'm a mixture of bitter angry disappointed desperate self-pity and self-loathing .
and i 'm absolutely done with people suggesting that 'everyone will find a match ' .
i also partially know that those that do n't answer me are not answering me .
on some websites you can see how high the chance of an answer is most of those i write to have a 80 stat .
which means that they are n't answering me specifically .
the reward is server side but i guess it checks client side for date .
some were able to change system clocks on console and were able to receive weekly bonus several times .
the thought however is that you 'll be locked out of that weeks reward in the future .
while you are spot on about the rural alaskan villages not having vets around a huge problem especially when it comes to overpopulation and animal welfare
we are kind of a unique and crazy state .
either you know or you do not know the details .
if they are inconsistent it is a false testimony given in a court proceedings of law and should be punished as such .
we have to stand up and pace around the room for the entire testing period each day .
i agree and i can tell you it 's something we are keeping in mind .
the kinds of 23 year olds you see in porn are usually being ridden around by old dudes irl as well .
this is honestly my favorite reaction moment from paul bearer his entire time i saw him being in the wwf/wwe .
the reaction on his face was 100 percent spot on perfect .
i remember when i watched this match for the first time and was dying in laughter from it .
thanks for the good looking guide just ordered the parts on amazon .
will update to let ya know how it turns out
your submission was removed because it looks like you 're posting music without a correct title .
does it have spaces around the dash and does it have the genre ?
forgetting these points are almost definitely why it was removed .
you will need to delete this post before submitting again click on delete above .
if you are not posting music please resubmit with the appropriate tag in the title
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/music if you have any questions or concerns .
osp has the 2nd most power in the division behind rumble imo .
nice clips there tho its all in the glutes baybayyy .
but i got no problem putting my horn in the air if i 'm attending a show
i figure i 'd let you the g4 does n't support qc 3.0
because i googled before to buy it and i saw it does support qc 3.0 or maybe they 're wrong ?
i 'm just a couple years older and one of my best friends i love her to death is the fucking worst at sharing about herself .
she 's the kind of person who does n't usually address her relationship status unless she 's directly asked and frequently i 've found out about her relationships months after they 've started .
just when i thought i had things under control i got the flu .
i never had the flu in college before and i 'm worried how it will affect me .
i just want to pass my exams and i 'm afraid im going to fail because of the flu
i will keep it brief and to the point .
i am currently in hawaii and i have been summoned to court because of a dui .
does this mean i have already been convicted or is this court date to see if i am ?
i had complied with the police and went through all their test yes i know that was unwise at the moment .
what should i do from here on to minimize the penalty ?
i 'm just so broken and sad right now .
so a protagonist has a lot of raw talent but it 's unshaped .
the audience knows they have this raw power and is rooting for them to figure out how to use it .
suddenly in a battle against a big baddie something clicks and the protagonist figures it out generally stunning the far more trained baddie about just how much raw power the protagonist has .
i think it 's not unrelated to this http tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/main/hardworkhardlyworks but it 's more about the specific moment when the protagonist overcomes .
is there a trope about that or is that as close as i can get .
it was expert episodic material it painted an intriguing and complex universe while slowly building character .
i feel once the main plot with warp saving the world and being immortal and such it dragged everything down .
i guess i was thinking this would be more in-line with kino 's journey as opposed to doing the save the world '' angle .
i found myself enjoying the episodes when warp was in chroniko 's body .
that episode when warp and neiro actually meet but in different bodies was really heartfelt and subtle .
i wish the series kept more in-line with that .
like no matter what bodies they ended up in warp and neiro would eventually find each other and that love would make the ambiguous world worth it .
but i feel it got drowned out for a save the world and lets explain all the questions introduced '' angle .
the ending disappointed me because it 's been done before by series that had more episodes and handled it better also because the other series spent their entire effort setting those up and endearing us to the cast .
kaiba about halfway through starts to set up this arc but it absolutely pales in comparison to the brilliant mixture of humor and melancholy and heartfelt of the first half .
i recommend watching it ... but only for the first half ... . the first half up to when vanilla dies and warp leaves chroniko 's body .
do n't get me wrong i still love some of the ideas the last arc introduced ... . but there were not handled nearly as well or given enough time to actually leave an impact on me .
or did anyone else find it underwhelming compared to the first half of episodic episodes ?
i really thought this would focus on the romance angle with the balance of humor and melancholy .
i think a muscular woman '' was my favorite episode .
last time this went over pretty well so here 's an update after the completion of week 4 .
14 gods have been either picked or banned in at least 50 of all matches .
khepri is still the most popular at 98.7 p/b followed by sol at 92.3 .
of gods that have 50 participation sol has top kda at 3.24 while ne zha has the lowest at 1.32
of that same pool chronos has the best win rate with a 20-8 record while athena is the lowest at 13-25
11 gods have yet to be picked or banned not counting skadi or jing wei agni ah muzen cab barra please ah puch anubis arachne cupid hades he bo hel mercury and nox .
top kda overall is kukulkan at 8.50 thanks to incon 's 3/1/11 match being his only game .
of those that have been played at least 5 times top kda is 5-0 ullr with 5.50 .
worst kda of gods that have been played is loki at 0.13 thanks to his one game going 0/4/1 .
min 5 games it 's serqet at 1.14 and an 1-6 w/l record .
egyptian gods have been picked/banned the most at 324 followed by norse at 262 .
despite japanese having only 2 gods it 's actually the mayan pantheon that 's been picked/banned the least with only 68 picks/bans .
notably the mayans have been on a huge upswing over the past week and still are last despite a 53.8 win rate .
if this turns into a flamewar or whatever the kids call it these days i 'll stick to god stats going forward .
also note that i keep track of each player 's time on different teams and in different roles separately .
for example the stats for incon daretocare and lassiz are night and day before and after their role swap .
eonic 's stats while on envy are very different from his stats while with randozos .
solo deathiance 1.05 only 4 games otherwise it 's variety 1.41
jungle skeeledon with randozos 0.83 only 2 games otherwise it 's ninjabobat 0.87
top by role of people not on panthera or named barraccudda because come on
jungle masked on denial 5.13 only 2 games otherwise it 's qvofred 3.89
mid incon 6.75 only 4 games in mid otherwise it 's macetodaface 3.75 for 2 games otherwise thebest 3.17
top team kda panthera at 5.59 second is paradigm at 3.06
worst team kda randozos at 1.17 second is torpedo at 1.27
notably despite enemy sitting at 9-3 their kda is only 1.98 and that 's not all from the last week 4 set with eager .
they were at 2.35 before which is middle of the pack .
really hoping to hear felice brothers jenny lewis mogis nate and jonathan wilson again .
i found some great bands the last time i asked this question .
i know jonny craig is the king of one night stands i also got a response about slut shaming so i feel i should say that 's not my intention .
i just want songs that give me a certain emotion .
one night stands as well as songs about alcoholism give me the emotion i 'm looking for .
so i just killed eygon after he took irina to iudex but i ca n't find her anywhere there .
it 's possible i 'm blind but i 'm rather inclined to believe her questline is severely glitched for me as i read on the wiki you 're supposed to get some dialogue saying that she ca n't see anything and wants someone to touch her .
well i got that dialogue prompt and touched her the first time i ever spoke to her in firelink shrine when eygon was still alive and i had n't even given her any tomes yet .
needless to say i did n't have morne 's gauntlets at that point but she later restored '' herself and seemed to have gotten better .
after i purchased a dark miracle she went back again .
i believe she just glitched herself out of my game .
can anyone confirm this is not supposed to happen in this order ?
just moved into a new place in midland and signed up with tpg shortly after .
after waiting for 3 weeks and hearing nothing i contacted them about the status of the install and they told me that the exchange was full and there was no port for my house free .
i told them to resubmit the application to test again and have now come back with the same answer and that it will be another two weeks before i can resubmit for a third time .
they asked if i would like to cancel my application but i told them to resubmit again because i 'm assuming that no matter which provider i go with i 'll get the same answer is this the case ?
and with more and more units getting built in my area i can only assume things will get worse .
might be wishful thinking that maybe telstra would upgrade the network any time soon .
i have been struggling with this project for the last two weeks and am unable to attend ta office hours .
where do i begin to start converting the input number into the newbase ?
our northern neighbors get left out on a lot of these so i wanted to make sure everyone saw babylist on instagram is doing a canadian giveaway !
it would be interesting if theres any benefits to betting at a casino maybe throw dice while im there or try my luck at martingale system for blackjack .
im assuming the odds online are better for most lines .
for main sports like nba ncaab ncaaf nfl are they similar to the online lines price .
buying sun in leo fn for at least 2 keys .
so here is something i want know and i want people to be real honest is their rollback and laggy matches because of their 1mb download connections as this shit is all i hear besides rq threads i do n't even want to vent about those shitty ass rq threads no one cares .
now the reason i ask this is because i have a shitty 10mb connection i have had some laggy matches but its just been an oddball from na or the weird connection to japan so out of 20hours of playing i 'd say about 1 of my games have had rollback .
so lets real talk here am i just one of the lucky ones or do people just have shit connections and trying to blame it on capcom ?
edit 1 i guess i should add the netcode is'nt the best and i 'm very sure some people do have problems but how many others is this just an isp or router settings or the plan your on
just wondering if there 's been posts before requesting people to name a strain from the picture provided .
would help out the poor unfortunate souls that do n't get to choose what type of weed they get so get ready for some real plain looking hydro http imgur.com/jcumrio
of course we know when they officially announce their presence after you kill kellogg but i 'm wondering what year exactly bos troops started operations in the commonwealth .
were they there but sort of under the surface before their big entrance ?
i ca n't find exact information on this so i was hoping somebody would know .
i 'm seeing more folks from my region getting their rifts ?
i was going to buy a cv1 on ebay but meh .
the car crash was severe enough to kill the other driver yet you still survived and are able to function properly with at the most a few injuries .
that the accident was entirely your fault and that it was not related to the road or vehicle in anyway shape or form .
you had absolutely no intention in killing or even crashing into the other driver and you have absolutely no relation to the other driver what so ever .
that the legal ramifications are those according to united states law .
the cars involved are typical normal cars commonly driven in the united states excluding all semi trucks vans buses and any reinforced vehicle .
who 's more likely to score/play a full 90 ?
pelle only played 63 last week while long played 90 .
i am not too fond of this build myself but i like it in a way .
i build this in about 20 minutes so i did n't try too hard .
but anyways if you could give your honest opinion on what i could change or just comment if you like it .
pass her a note that says can i borrow a piece of paper ?
when she gives you a piece of paper write thank you '' on it and hand it back to her she 'll think it 's funny and confuse her a little .
i 've done this and it 's pretty effective at breaking the ice .
i do n't know how many times i 've gotten jump scared but man i want it to be over .
i think it ran on cartoon network in the 90s .
it was about a whole village i believe but i mainly remember the guy trying but never succeeding in capturing the wombat .
hiking at stubb stewart state park is lovely except for the highway and trucking route to get there that 's a constant reminder of the presence of cars .
you can still hear it clearly from a half mile away .
you ca n't get away from cars without a car and then you have n't gotten away from cars .
i do n't want to have to go all the way to silver falls just to have some place to contemplate in quiet serenity .
is there anywhere in the greater portland area where you ca n't hear auto traffic ?
i 'm sure there are some quieter trails but i do n't exactly have access to traffic density data or to geography data about hiking trails so finding them is a bit of a crap shoot .
wish i could just go far into the wilderness but i 'm not really all that active a person .
really all i want is some quiet not a challenging hike for 20yo marathon men to power through .
my keyboard is not letting me type the baseball of amusement and general approval '' as seen here http emojipedia-us.s3.amazonaws.com/cache/b1/9f/b19fc7192d27e25c6b5299b65ff29a38.png .
i am concerened that i will have to galvanize my keyboard to allow me to type the mythical symbol !
so i already made a tread about how dark souls 3 pvp is dead and broken https redd.it/4ff2kc and here is something that if from does n't want to remove the seed which they should because destroys the pvp system completely can fix the problem and that is every time you use a seed of a giant to cheese an invader other invader should invade too plus limiting the summons to 1 while the effect is active this would balance the item and also would help to fix the pvp next to future updates .
like the title says i 'm a sweet blonde housewife who likes to take care of herself by exercising and eating right .
i 'd love to play out a fantasy of being another man or men 's !
i can tell my hubby has been showing me off and he wants me to dress a little sexier these days .
this is totally a fantasy for now but would love to explore it with anyone .
women included if you have similar fantasies or experience .
family from out of town on vacation in pa and tonight we went to the ironpigs !
it was a blast and although i support a different mlb team from the phillies i really like the ironpigs .
just wanted to know if there was an active ironpigs subreddit and if not could we get some piggy love ? ! ? !
not exactly sure if this is the right area but i 'm gon na give it a go .
love to play teemo and kindred and would like to change my summoner name to something relating to either or both .
do n't kill me cause i main teemo . .
i am trying to summon with a friend for ithyll and we ca n't tell if the password is working ... .
this is for a school project for my ap statistic class .
as per the request of the moderator i am going to provide a live link to this thread but it will never be formally published or go beyond the reach of me and my teacher .
i ask that you take the answer seriously and answer with what you know for sure you can climb indoors .
hardest route you can climb in the v0 v1 v2 format if possible
i might have to take a sleep aid to get to sleep .
it 's like christmas and my birthday all rolled into one !
a woman sings it the gist of the song is that she keeps saying i 'm fine '' then gets really worked up and starts yelling about how fine she is .
tl dr restart the game through the menus do n't alt-f4 .
may or may not apply to task manager/closing through windows
a friend and i have been cooping through the game but the no animation bug has been ruining our experience for the past couple of days .
today my brother decided to play with us for a bit but when we started up the bug was there for him too .
i thought about what i had n't tried yet which made me realize that when i had been exiting the game i would quit out of it from the menu then alt-f4 to skip the game 's opening videos .
this time i tried quitting from the menu waiting for the videos then quitting from the game 's startup screen .
when i got back in the bug was gone for us but my friend was experiencing the bug .
i had him try what i did and when he got back it was fixed for all of us .
it 's possible it could be coincidence but it 's been working for us so far and would make sense as to why people say to just restart the game . ''
i believe it means that if the last time you had quit the game was n't through the menus any phantoms/invaders will have the bug .
if you did quit through the menus then only any phantoms/invaders who used alt-f4/task manager will have the bug which may mean that it is exploitable i guess .
i have n't been able to test it with anything other than alt-f4 though so task manager or closing through windows may or may not cause bug .
if you have ancient wailing host and litany will they increase your damage by 200 more ?
for example arguments that even if the theory is true in principle it would be very difficult to guide policy-making since we have often little idea to what extent a person is responsible for something .
i am pretty terrible at progressing in ftb as is so tacking on the expert mode makes it almost grueling for me .
is there a way to disable the expert mode ?
i tried ftb_mode set normal '' but it said it did n't exist .
edit not sure if this will cause problems in the future but i disabled customthings minetweaker and modtweaker and that seemed to make it normal infinity modpack .
i just got a relentless medal but i didnt get the calling card or the xp for it from dark ops o.o any ideas ?
like the title implies i 've been working on getting a site-to-site vpn working between an edgerouter x and a cisco 5505 .
it looks like it tries to connect according to the cisco logs but the er-x is n't showing any connections being established nor made .
maybe theres something i 'm missing in the config ?
but sportsnet reported they received word from the capitals organization .
my preference would be to sit orpik this series and reevaluate from there .
i finally finished my collection that i started around 15 or 16 years ago when the first sets of pokemon cards were released in america .
i know that some of you would be turned off by the quality of the cards first editions mixed with non first editions the reverse holo omastar i just love it too much d .
but i could n't be prouder to have finally completed it !
i killed 32 glacors and many glacytes to go with them .
waiters still getting significant minutes and even in late game offensive possessions only .
refs were awful and i really felt like they let dallas get away with some ridiculous physical play while not giving the same to us .
but we missed 3 layups to lose to the freaking mavs on our home court .
i could n't imagine this game without sprint and with strong back 4 i 'm often stuck without sprint inside a building or a place where i 'm not ready to fast travel yet .
i have 25 blotters of the stuff that was given to me by a friend .
my friend showed me his order on the dnm and each blotter has 1400ug .
is there a safe dose or should i just toss them ?
usps lot my package but claimed it was scanned on my front doorstep that it was delivered when it clearly was not .
so all in all usps lost my package and lied about it and when i complained to mbv they sent me my order again for free with a 12ml free sample of a cereal type of flavor called gimmix with 2 10 coupons off my next purchase and a couple stickers .
i 'm steeping my juices as we speak but already tried a little sample and the order of 15ml hazelnut 30pg/70vg mix with an extra flavor shot for 1 .
this was my first time using them and i will spend the extra 2 dollars to double the size of my bottle next time to 30ml for like 9.95 or something ridiculously cheap .
my friend gave me 3 400 mg pills so i searched it up on this reddit and am getting very mixed reviews .
can i get some tips i only have experienced opiate and amphetamine highs and have a low tolerance .
i also am not a heavy drug user at all .
after hitting that moment where you realize i can either tear down half my factory to make this right or start over '' with my first 3 bases i decided i needed to set up a proper main bus .
the resulting science section is my cleanest so far .
all lanes are easily expanded south should i need more sciences .
finally feel like i can expand this base and learn all that the late game has to offer .
definitely turned out better than i thought it would part way through ... material kept gathering up as i was sewing so i had to trim a bunch off the edge to make it match up .
anyway luckily i had made it pretty big to start with so it fits the pot perfectly now !
so i just recently unlocked the ability to upgrade my chapels to legendary quality and noticed that crushing blow can be upgraded to 15 chance .
now since crushing blow caps at 30 you can cap it with just 2 chapels .
i 'm bringing this up because i use the executioner ring and since it adds another 8.8 to crushing blow it 's a wasted stat and adds nothing for you .
so after upgrading the crushing blow chapels to legendary is it better to move onto a different legendary ring ?
i 've been looking at the ring of patience .
will it physically halve your crushing blow chance in your stats ?
if so with that ring chapels you 'll be at 38.8 cut in half to 19.4 .
so you do 4 times as much crushing blow damage but still maintain a fair amount of crushing blow chance .
also now that the demon invasion is out you can increase that chance by 2 to a total of 21.4 .
does anyone else see this as a viable option ?
i do n't like the the sound of ring of destruction because it only really benefits your first attack and again it 'll just waste the extra crushing blow .
sorry if this is poorly written i wrote it late at night .
i 've been re creating gotham city in minecraft ps4 for a sort of role play mini '' game type thing .
i made this post to explain what it 's about and see if anyone on this sub reddit is interested in playing when it is done .
there would be 3 classes you could pick from each with their own agenda set of rules .
the mafia would be split up into two groups to make for awesome turf wars each group would try to capture and control territories .
there can be 4 players total of this class 2 players for each group .
you are n't allowed to betray your own group in the game that would make teams uneven and over complicate things .
as a member of the mafia you can win the game by controlling 80 of territories for one full minecraft day .
starting kit blue leather armor projectile protection iv chestplate as bullet proof vest gun power i bow 16 bullets/arrows refreshes every day 64 steak
the cops would n't be in a constant war with the mafia ca n't arrest em without proof duh !
but if someone is caught doing something illegal killing another player turf wars with other mafia robbing a bank etc a cop is then allowed to kill that player .
there would only be two cops in total their usual job would be to guard important places and patrol gotham .
in short just try to keep the city safe .
as a cop you can win the game by keeping the mafia from winning for 5 minecraft days .
this class is a bit of a freestyle they can be hired by a mafia gang for some money of course get enlisted for help by the cops if you want or just go solo rogue looking out for only yourself .
this is the only class that 's allowed to betray anyone .
note i 'm basing everything off of the tv show gotham so there 's no batman
build perms would be disabled auto save would be off and the game would restart each time it opens to prevent people from becoming over powered and to give everyone who plays an equal chance at winning .
tl dr gotham city roleplay that i 'm working on 3 classes cops mafia citizen .
cops protect gotham and kill people doing illegal things mafia fight each other over territories try to get loads of money and be rich citizens are kinda free style and do what they want .
edit something i forgot to mention currency would be gold nuggets and there 'll likely be red stone shops .
you see male players with their kissing chandra/lillian playmats and tokens but what about female players ?
even as a male i feel a bit embarrassed by how many guys drool over the art but i 'm not saying it is a bad thing '' i just feel a bit embarrassed but what about women ?
any women who just really love the art and get a kick out of the hunky guys of mtg ?
even though you may not have the largest selection of options ...
edit my apologies for not recognizing that there are plenty of men out there who could appreciate the hunky dudes in mtg too !
the winner bidder has 'payment sent ' but does not show up on ebay .
has not messaged me back after i messaged them about payment .
i 've had an experience like this before from a person trying to scam me but having a 'payment sent ' or 'buyer has not completed checkout ' label without actually paying ... so i opened an unpaid item dispute last time .
the problem is an unpaid item dispute takes a total of 8 days before i can relist .
i can open a case 4 days after the auction and the uid require 4 days to wait for the winner bidder to pay before it forces a cancellation .
can i just cancel the auction since i suspect that the person is a scammer ?
how negatively would this effect my rating as a seller ?
i just want to relist as my product instead of waiting over a week to relist .
i 'm wondering has anybody ever had a probome when you switch on to a defensive back to try to user swat the ball but he just does n't react at all ... its like a magnetic forcefield is stopping you or something
a super mario world fortress stage with incomplete/under-construction aesthetics .
grinders and skewers populate this area sawing and pounding away to erect bowser 's latest stronghold .
so i 'm going to apply to be a co in california and i have a mother that used to be in jail but now lives far away a dad that 's in jail that i have n't spoke to in at least a year and have n't lived with for over 10 years and a step father currently in jail and will be for some pretty serious charges whom i spoke to about 2 weeks ago .
i wo n't be applying until tomorrow and sure will take some time to actually get things going .
i have no charges that have stuck to me besides a warrant i got for not paying a ticket few years back which i got arrested for and spent 2 days in jail ...
has everyone forgotten one of the most iconic images in all of destiny ? ? ? ! ! !
it 's a shame bungie advertises cool stuff like this but there 's nothing like it in the game ... ... ... ..almost like ... ..lying .
bungie add fucking ponchos or the game cover itself is a lie .
last thing i remembered was that they were on an island and the main character was underground while his companion female ?
btw when did the series start to translate again ... would you guys recommend me to start from the beginning again since it 's been a while since i read it .
normally channel 304 if you have shaw cable ... anyways it is going to be a great game and i would really appreciate it if someone could stream it ! !
i promise it will be a beaut of a game .
the box office screwed up my tix so now i ca n't goto the game live sold out .
edit going to the game now but i am sure a decent amount of people would like to see this game streamed !
ive been running random maps and trying to roll packsize on it .
but what maps are actually really good to run ?
whats the best thing i could do to maintain a good map pool ?
they hyped up a crazy band of invisible bug-like rebels that want to wipe out humanity then like their presence disappeared and were never seen or mentioned again ...
so.. i was testing the by level '' exp share and ... seems like i 85 was receiving less exp than my friend 86 and for some reason half of the exp from the equal '' share
i do n't really remember the exact numbers but was something like
pretty weird anyone know how exactly those options are supposed to scale exp ?
i levelled my invention skill i am now level 107 .
hello games is actually made up of aliens nms is going to be an exact replica of what the universe is in real life .
once you make it to the center it will be earth and as you work your way out from the center you will find where to go for the first signs of extraterrestrial life forms thus leaping the technology of the human race thousands of years ahead .
conclusion nms is an exact replica of our universe made by aliens hello games to help us advance in technology .
i 've had like twelve or thirteen laser treatments .
it 's reduced my beard a lot pretty much clear on the sides now but the remainder dark hairs are so stubborn .
after that should i try a different laser salon and maybe get a better result or should i just begin electrolysis ?
i 'm so f 'd off i still have beard shadow in moustache and mouth area after all the money i 've spent .
some trans folk online say they got a great result after just three sessions so i 'm starting to wonder if i 'm being ripped off ?
i 'm getting really tired of all night gank sessions .
i 've been playing this game for years now since doa2 but i 'm an extremely late bloomer .
doa has been just standard casual mashing affairs for me and my friends and the usual ogling at the babes but i just started taking it seriously last week and we 've all been having so much fun .
we 've underestimated the game and now we 're paying for it hard because it 's definitely the one we 're playing the most currently .
i understand the triangle system but one thing that irks me is that i ca n't counter the ground throws/grapples from characters like tina and bayman .
i use mila and it seems all her takedowns can be escaped out of mashing .
i ca n't do the same for my opponent 's ground throws though .
like the title says i am looking for a laptop that 's cheap specs do n't really matter as long as it does basic stuff .
i would prefer screen size to be under 13 inches and the laptop just has to be portable .
i 'm looking for this song i 'm almost positive it has josh homme singing .
it begins with just the bass playing almost kind of sounds like the seinfeld bass before the song actually starts .
before there was nuckledu the guy who ran www.sonichurricane.net taught me how to play guile offensively .
i main nash but that was only until guile .
hey guys i was putting together a build list for my first gaming pc and i 'd like to have your input .
i 've been playing on integrated graphics for the past four years on laptops and have n't had any pc gaming experience before that so i 'm not 100 sure on which parts to go with .
also i 'd like to point out that there is a gpu missing in the list .
the reason for this is because i was originally opting for a gtx 970 but with the news of the next generation of gpus coming soon i 've decided to hold off on buying one until that generation releases .
i 'm not picky about going with amd or nvidia although i am leaning towards polaris based on what i 've read so far .
setting aside the cash for a gpu i 'm working with a 760 budget for the rest of the pc .
this is the list i 've put together so far http pcpartpicker.com/p/xs3fwz
for whatever reason if you get hit once by a mildy large weapon you are stunned and are guaranteed to be hit be the follow up attack .
this means 80 of your health if some random shitter manages to land an r1 .
congrats from you made an even worse pvp meta than ds2 .
hey just need 1 more guy to complete this bounty already have 30k so probably 2 runs total .
looking for 500k 700k coins at about 9/100k immediately paypal only message me asap .
currently the game is softlaunched in singapore but are available trough several apk sites not posting links .
the iap prices are on level with what ea usually do .
after 35 full completions of oryx i was still only 319 light .
after the taken spring i have hit max light in less than a week and i have n't even touched crucible or trials .
q is it possible to get keys at 2 each ?
and does alot of people sell at these rates ?
title says it all if you need to know what you have just let me know .
what is your ideal build for melee weapons strictly for exalted blade ?
any of you guys run with 2 elemental combos ?
i use prisma dual clever mods are pressure point organ shatter true steel berserker
granted that i do n't really use life strike because i heavily rely on shadow step to keep my ass safe even with rank 3 arcane strike and berseker i get good attack speeds so fury is not a must have either .
would love to see what an arcane fury would do to this build !
feel free to discuss your excalibur mod setup for eb build as well .
looking an episode where dan did hey i 'm dan i 'm also dan ! ''
i 'm not talking about where they did the commercial for the shirt but from a recent episode they did .
to solve this issue i had to do the following
most importantly change 'use xinput ports ' from 1 4 to a larger number i used 4 7 .
i believe that because i had been using another pc gamepad previously and have other devices like a wheel and hotas that the default xinput ports were already assigned to other devices
currently the interest-rate is about 0.04 now if i lend 4 bitcoins i get a certain amount of bitcoins or satoshis per second .
i want a program that i can tell to count my satoshis per second .
i 'd do the math manually how much i get .
i just want a counter that counts for me and that i can tell count 2 per second ''
it 's an air raid siren that sounds like a bomb is gon na be dropped
•how old are you and how familiar are you with rpw ?
35 years old and really new to rpw 6 weeks
the problem is me and not knowing how to be vulnerable .
i 'm having trouble letting down my walls high dominance .
my mom was n't and still is n't vulnerable and i do n't make friends easily so i do n't know what being vulnerable looks like .
i realize if i knew how to be vulnerable i would most likely have more friends .
i 'm a controlling perfectionist who is very fearful .
i am fearful that if i let my wall down i will appear weak .
i have always had anxiety and allowing myself to not care about everything seems dangerously scary to me .
i sucked my thumb for comfort until i was 6 years old .
i have now replaced thumb sucking with control anxiety and biting my fingernails .
what are the behaviors or steps to being vulnerable ?
better in the past 6 weeks than the last 7 years .
i still need to work hard in this area .
i 'm not sure if this is the best place to post this i was n't in the shower when the thought came to me but here it is .
i do realize that there are ways in which new last names are added .
some people change their name to something entirely new .
it still seems to me that names eventually die out more frequently for a number of reasons .
daughters adopt new last names possibly ending a line .
sons may have no children possibly ending a line .
the kogake with its claw shape fitting around the fists and feet look like something that could based around claws and maybe having a sparring type weapon that does slash damage would be nice too and a good change in variety ?
we can become breakdancing blenders if it does slash and that 's the best part right there aside from it looking more fashionable than the obex .
i 'm new to the souls series and this is my first game .
if someone could shed some light on the different colored people and what it means that 'd be great !
i have read many faqs but i really do n't get some things .
do i must to do something even if i want to stay on the server i 'm playing now for the free to play release ?
when i click on server transfer official page the site redirect me on faq and ticket page is that normal ?
just graduated tech school but looking back i feel like we didnt learn enough practical stuff .
what 's the proper set up for reveille retreat taps ?
what if i 'm in pt gear and i walk by an officer in abus.. do i salute ?
what if i know the officer and they 're wearing pt gear do i salute ?
if your having lag issues or lockups in dz and group missions then try disabling your voip in your settings .
i do n't see what is so hard about fixing this .
its a real pain in the arse for some people .
if i have to hear one more bloody fucking self righteous prick tell me that coachella is all about appropriating a culture i think i 'm going to cry in anger .
all i mention is that hey the fashion looks fun '' and suddenly i become this person who agrees that it is okay that people are whitening '' a culture .
i just like how festive clothing looks it is very bohemian and 60s inspired which is interesting .
also i think coachella is a over-hyped music festival but still it often has good line ups .
people do n't fucking yell when girls get henna which is an arab tradition .
i fucking hate this generation sometimes everything needs to be protected and there are a ton of justice enforcers '' out there .
i get it one must be respectful towards a culture but-ugh i 'm getting annoyed .
fuck this shit and fuck everyone in my school .
hey there so optimus is pretty damn fun and ive decided to make it my 2nd main 1st being sm but i need help regarding her equipment
what chrons are the best ive heard mechanizer is really good but is that all ?
what weapons will i want at level 85 right now i 'm thinking the 85 unique from castle of the dead might be good to get robotics 2 g-series upgrade 1 for starting off .
what am i looking for in my clone avatars stats emblems
i know all of the text is translated so maybe i missed something .
i am talking about then leez first met yuta and she proposed a bunch of names and he chooses yuta . ''
i tryed doing a standerd sudafed extractio but it just disolved in the soda .
there are none alive i can not crush there are none dead i do not command
these other folks in line are hipsters so bernie has a 4-0 lead early in sunset park
so as we all know trading is obviously back in dks 3 with the ability to be able to leave a lot of different items this includes rings meaning someone who has put in the hard work like i can effectively give someone else the master of rings trophy but be warned make sure you only drop each specific ring at a time using the leave selected '' option will in fact just delete 70-80 of the rings i know this because it happened to me and now i have to go off and get all my rings back again except for the rings i lost permanently gained from covenant rewards
please do n't make the same mistake i did guys take good care of your rings
basically i love sex and ideally i like to be having it once a day if not twice .
i 'm very attentive and giving is also all part of the excitement for me daily blow jobs i swallow naked massages anal etc ... .at the start of our relationship my partner loved this but as the years have gone by it appears to have taken its toll and has apparently become overbearing .
my fiancé works in a stressful job and these days he is rarely in the mood for sex when he gets home/wakes up .
currently we 'll have sex only once or twice a week and to be honest it drives me mad .
however the other nights i find it hard to lay in bed while he 's next to me exhausted from work while meanwhile i 'm gagging for it .
we are very affectionate in other ways daily but the sex is definitely lacking .
we have discussed it and he always explains that he always wants me just that work/life stresses get in the way and in long term relationships these things happen '' .
is it so wrong and unreasonable of me to expect it every day ?
is it me who needs to lower my expectations or should he be making more of an effort ?
could do with an outside perspective on this or perhaps some advice from someone else who 's been in a similar situation and managed to make it work for both of them .
i 'm sure most of you are great people .
it 's the assholes that will always get noticed because they are n't normal .
wo n't he be pissed when he reads the ces letter and discovers the truth .
you should have protests so large the international media will cover you .
i do n't understand why you do not already if people have time to wait in lines for sanders ' rallies for hours they have time to protest !
you ca n't expect to win just by hard work if they are pulling shittery on you .
passchendaele the battle of the somme vimy ridge ypres the 100 days offensive .
there was n't a single unwinnable '' battle that we could n't win .
as such america would 've been wiped across the map if they tried to attack a newly unified and very battle-efficient country .
especially when the rest of the commonwealth showed up for support .
do n't accept a role that has the character get naked if you do n't want to get naked .
i tried checking out the keto in a nutshell '' link but it sent me some error messages .
not to be mean but this is biology 101 the current plant 's fruits would not be altered .
you seem like youre willing to learn and youre local so that helps .
are you ok with the weekends only because i have other things to do .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/jockstraps if you have any questions or concerns .
i was n't saying he is always lying it must just be a coincidence that he 's lied three times to goku already .
we have not seen any real fight between ssb and beerus yet let alone ssb kk .
those scalings that toriyama drew were pretty much arbitrary numbers and hold no ground .
i 'll skip my beer league game tonight if the kings need anyone else to call up .
although i might better serve the sharks because i could make them way worse
i sent a message to the person remedying that with a squad suggestion
i listed all the programs that work for me .
parking was only 10 for me in the lot closest to right field .
this is a big reason to mulligan hard for event removal .
no it suggests the material wo n't be tested .
because you 've grown up hearing how bad they are so each incident is just confirmation bias .
if dc had thrown snowballs 50 years ago they 'd have the reputation and every shitty thing their fans do which they do as does everyone else would have everyone saying see they 're the worst '' with no actual way to quantify it .
we happened to be the ones to have the unique story a lazy national media cliche was born and everyone buys back in when something shitty happens in philly .
but we ignore the fact that every city has a few bad things happen every year .
it basically mean there is incentive to provide channel capacity so that routing payment run smoothly .
a portugese colony on indian soil populated nearly exclusively by ethnic indians who wanted to be part of india and you really do n't see the difference ?
the astora sword is like a longsword with higher base damage but worse scaling .
my rpha 10 is not loud and flows beautifully imo .
it basically mean there is incentive to provide channel capacity so that routing payment run smoothly .
buy white soapstone put down soapstone sign in front of boss entrances engage in jolly co-operation !
but yeah if you are still early level help out the newbros on vordt and the cursed greatwood .
you can farm souls embers and sunlight medals by helping them kill the boss .
its usually pretty quick and you can keep doing it until you get bored of it .
or if you just want to help people explore put the sign down near any bonfire usually the first one at undead settlement is a good one .
you lose nothing while summoned you keep all of your souls even if you die you return to your world with full restock of flasks .
only thing to keep an eye on is your weapon durability if you are not resting at bonfires your weapons could break eventually so just make sure you rest up at a bonfire every now and then .
dust is a snooze fest inferno is horrible cache games are always imo stomps or be stomped mirage is just unfun imo nuke ight but its the first map i ever learned so rose tinted engaged overpass is decent i guess .
tg and out are pretty comfy boards compared to the rest of 4chan .
everyone knows that people are more keen to like you if you 're a raging bitch 24/7 .
8th house stellium pluto square ascendant saturn squares aqua moon at a glance .
this is weird but i also have these aspects natally as well and yeah the struggle is real .
it 's the house of scorpio so any planet there is like a detective truth seeking and strong b.s .
pluto square ascendant is along the same lines except here some people immediately notice something about you .
aqua moon is more aloof than mistrusting but mix it with pluto and you have aloof and mistrusting lol .
the point i want to make is that it 's sometimes romanticized about being the loner that does n't trust anyone when in fact that mode of being is pretty unhealthy .
allow yourself to be vulnerable with at least someone and share moments of warmth with them however small they might be .
tuco is way too loose of a cannon for something like that
make a few batches a year from apples our neighbours do n't want and give them a few jars as thanks !
you 're literally talking about the difference between the 96th percentile and the 99th percentile according to this .
you can look up the stats on this google is your friend .
i got an interview with mbb being in the 80th percentile .
never loan anyone money unless you do n't care about getting it back .
then you can see it as a bonus when they do .
if your friend needs money then they are usually having trouble managing his own so do n't expect to see yours again .
you could also ask for something to hold onto that 's worth the same or more then you will likely get paid back as a priority unless its something they do n't want but still the first rule still applies here as well .
i 'm kinda bitter that thorgy 's whole storyline always coming second rivalry with bob amounted just to she 's jealous '' being very reductive .
even though she ended up being a fan favorite i have this huge feeling that she deserved better .
also i have to rewatch the lipsync but i missed having the other girl 's comments .
they 're the best way to consolidate that a queen really did deserve the shantay 'cause they kept showing just chi chi .
bob 's backstory '' really made me come back to reality .
he 's still the bob i love yo kno what i mean ?
the time was nineteen odd six and my car got five rods to the hogs head just the way i 's likes it boy those were the days
and the french are pussies italians are useless germans are uptight sticklers and aussies are dumb .
he said he wanted to stay and that he would 've stayed if chip just would 've called him .
also ... he did leave so he could make more money .
trim those walls of text to barebone and find a quicker way to transmit your information .
i 'm guessing the main purpose of your landing page is to collect emails ?
i would make the process simpler and more obvious .
i do n't really know what stay connected '' means ... connected on facebook ?
you could have the input right there on your hero .
i 've found that my hd 25s have gotten more comfortable over time .
whether that 's because the headband stretched a bit to accomodate my large head or because i got used to the clamping feeling more i 'm not sure but i no longer find them uncomfortable .
they just took some getting used to after having used over-ears sony mdr-v6s for a while before i got them .
ca n't go a km without somebody selling raspberries or honey
wow literally same thing right now in the parts of ukraine im from .
is there anyone here willing to help me out with this ?
i 'm in the middle of it i have finished part 3 rednand '' of the guide and i 'm just so lost as to what to do next .
is there anything easier that i can do from here with what i have ?
if you can pm me and help me i 'd really appreciate it .
there is a lot of speculation about this money but the filing simply asks where 10 million came from .
it 's unfair to begin attributing reasons and laying down accusations .
i did read it all but i did n't grasp that part .
as i said we are in a similar situation and i know it is extremely upsetting and difficult .
be assertive and irate when you need to be though .
my housemate got cable connected and when he was signing up over the phone they told him that the cable modem would be free otherwise we would have bought our own for 5 on craiglist it 's full of cable modems .
but when the bill came over 100 for the modem he called up and was really submissive and courteous and they told him there 's nothing they could do about it he said i understand thank you for your help anyway '' it really pissed me off .
if customer service told him that they can do it for free then someone at that fucking call centre has the power to erase the charge from his bill but he was too polite and friendly to push it .
sometimes you have to sound pissed off to encourage the person on the other end of the phone to fix the problem to calm you down .
my housemate is suck a pushover though and things like this happen often for him just because he 's always so damn polite and submissive all the time .
i told him to let me speak to them and sort it out but he 's all like no i do n't want to cause a fuss '' .
it 's his money at the end of the day and he 'd rather pay for the modem himself than cause a fuss but the principle of the thing really pissed me off .
they fucking liked to him twice once when they said the modem was free and again when they said there was nothing they could do about it .
what did the self post say before he deleted it ?
he 's barbecuing steaks with the flamethrower he had at mania .
blind obedience to authority is what allows tyrants to take power .
kinda looks fake theirs like a weird light yellow square around tom
right so nothing really changed except for adding an hdmi port and better cooling ...
the neo will have new hardware inside of it .
true story record producer rick rubin discovered the black crowes early in their career and wanted to sign/produce them but wanted them to change their name to the kobb kounty krowes
jensen is the best thing that happened to c9 .
it looks like you 're dealing with what i 'm dealing with ... we 've both got bent pressure plate fingers .
the vibration is the throw out bearing rocking back and fourth ad the pressure plate high point pushes the throw out bearing around .
if your throw out bearing is n't fucked already it will be soon .
only way you can save it is to get the throw out bearing to rest pedal up where it is not in contact with the fingers in any way .
the proper solution and the one ford should be warranting is to have the clutch replaced ... also i call bullshit on the flywheel being your first issue .
if the bolts failed and the flywheel ended up breaking free you would have nearly destroyed the car .
i recommend trying a different dealer and going from there .
you need it addressed soon or you will be left with a fucked throw out bearing which could cause more issues with the hydraulic actuator for your throw out bearing .
i used the nvac and stutter remover and did not encounter anything like this .
if you want a statclock commando item not in a case you can trade up 10 statclock civilian grade items you get a random statclock freelance grade item trade 10 of those up and get a random statclock mercenary grade item trade 10 of those up and get a random statclock commando grade item .
otherwise you need to unbox the ones in the cases .
i cope with depression by changing my state of mind and staying optimistic no matter the odds .
embarrassing as that is it still seems like they 're both overreacting .
i 'm getting some we 're not supposed to be seen here together '' vibes .
either that or this baseball game was a last ditch effort to save their marriage haha .
sure the design ca n't cut everything be selective .
in the woods i hike/camp there is plenty of selection .
if it 's small enough break it off by hand otherwise use a tool .
if i limit myself to a pull saw i will just need to limit the kinds of wood i cut .
if ultralight is the goal i only need enough of a fire to heat food and water .
warm myself from the inside then bundle up and go to bed .
unfortunately your post does n't follow the naming rule as described in this post http www.reddit.com/r/me_irl/comments/2u8n5h/me_irl .
since your post was n't properly titled i was ordered by my programming to remove it .
i had no choice but to do so as i am a robot with no free will .
if you have any questions or think that i messed up contact the mods http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fme_irl .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/me_irl if you have any questions or concerns .
same weight or did they just pick any random nfl players ?
or maybe even purposefully pick like a defensive lineman or something who is definitely not built for anything like dancer 's training ?
i feel like a runningback would get through it easily .
edit so i just googled it and it looks like nfl players taking ballet lessons is pretty common .
i believe he even said in an interview if he was n't successful with producing he would be a viner instead .
heh ... damm ... looks like you 'll need to get some colonial advertising done what are the beaches like there ?
i do n't think they necessarily need to buff the aspects which will make him a viable core ... or even that they should .
in fact the things they 've been buffing have been pushing him towards a ganker role which makes the tusk comparison even more accurate .
he 's a side effect of the frustrating aspect of dota balance . ''
instead of fixing the hero 's actual issues they just keep buffing the things that are already fine .
medusa is another good example of this every time you get hit with mystic snake .
he ca n't end games and you ca n't itemize to complement his entire skillset .
if you itemize for tidebringer you do n't complement how much they 've buffed his other skills .
if you itemize for his other skills tidebringer is meh at best and falls off hard .
please just fix his actual problems instead of continuing to buff the same things .
is n't it more just that a relationship between two women is referred to as 'lesbian ' regardless of the participants ' actual sexualities ?
think that societies classification of marijuana as an illegal substance is an outdated attitude .
we are an open minded generation that is accepting that adults are mature enough to make their own choices .
while it 's a great concept we still need laws .
not agreeing with a law is n't an excuse for breaking it .
should the same logic extend to pharmacies in general ?
should i be able to walk into a drug store with a prescription for tylenol and get percocet instead ?
yes these places are operating without licences similar to the speakeasies of the early part of the previous century .
which were illegal then and would still be illegally operating today without a licence .
we changed the laws and allowed bars to serve but they require a licence to do so .
marijuana for medical purposes is legal and is accessible for those who have a prescription .
if the behaviour in question was n't so taboo/illegal they would n't need to operate in such a fashion .
it could apply to any law you want to break .
departures and landfalls is a fucking powerhouse of a record .
not saying they 're super alike but when i had a rough patch feeling super emo and angry that record was basically the soundtrack .
i remember they had plans to shut off servers in the us and then kept delaying it and then decided to just leave them up .
yes though with a small correction the ultimate goal was to get to the party to see richter .
if you fail he gets up in arms about it .
i was reading this at 4am with a newborn attached to my boob
this is somewhat related yesterday my wife and i were watching the x-files and it was the episode where this one guy 's body temperature went up to like 107 until the point he erupted into flames .
so yeah do n't be like that guy and keep your fever under control .
does resetting allow you to immediately open the currently filled oyster ?
it 's on the viii set rogue one sets are gone .
he carries 60k in credit card debt at times .
i guess i 'm one of few people who had like 4 or 5 printers at any given time at home lots of toner and stacks of paper .
then i moved out and now my life is much worse in this regard .
never back down from trying new things ... my friends always played 75 cards casual it was so post to be 60 but i always went with commander and most of the time they had to focus fire me down
a lot of people from my lcs are using eucardmarket and it makes no fucking sense ... . why should arlinn cost you 5 dollars instead of those 26 she actually costs
i 'm still looking at what my fave colors are ... it 's probably jund or mono black
as i recommended in another post run at least 16k skill power closer to 18-20k and high stamina .
definately not wild dps but its the most versatile build for pve and really tests if you can pve .
it makes zero sense to not wear reckless and savage regardless of build just roll skill power .
i also said i 'd love to run skill build it just isnt viable compared to the build i just said .
not crazy but sentrys/reckless/savage cranks it up with self heal+flash/pulse and whatever change for missions .
go into a clan with some high level people and ask them to donate you some giants .
right now i have a th5 defenseless that i constantly feed max hogs and loons to from my th9 .
mortars mean nothing and finishing up th5 i 'm occasionally pulling in 100k with barch .
bad enough that about once a week the river still wakes up in the middle of the night in a cold sweat .
i do n't think any of them actually watched the john oliver skit and just take everyone 's word for it .
see also the zoepost '' anita sarkeesian 's videos and the gamers are over '' articles .
she says i 'm not eating much it just all goes straight to my tummy '' .
watching the fuck out of this for denzel alone .
kingpin and star lord are just the icing on the cake .
i will be messaging you on 2016-04-26 14:47:53 utc http www.wolframalpha.com/input ? i=2016-04-26 14:47:53 utc to local time to remind you of this link .
click this link http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=remindmebot subject=reminder message https www.reddit.com/r/rupaulsdragrace/comments/4ff24e/season_8_episode_7_election_year_live/d28wqvm 0a 0aremindme !
one week to send a pm to also be reminded and to reduce spam .
parent commenter can delete this message to hide from others .
faqs http www.reddit.com/r/remindmebot/comments/24duzp/remindmebot_info custom http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=remindmebot subject=reminder message link inside square brackets else default to faqs 0a 0anote do n't forget to add the time options after the command. 0a 0aremindme !
your reminders http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=remindmebot subject=list of reminders message=myreminders !
feedback http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=remindmebotwrangler subject=feedback code https github.com/silver remindmebot-reddit
what i 'm telling you is that brad pitt is mark hummels or something like that .
are you trying to add the vhd as a second hard drive to an existing vm you have ?
mtg constructed is just a bit too cookie cutter for me .
only having a choice of about 3-5 cards out of 75 is really boring imo .
my sunbro died at the last minute and i finished them with a spell .
if you 're referring to the macbook 12 '' i do n't think the intel m chips have anything but the 515 .
when did i say the game is bad again ?
why not let it fall apart when some crazy chick from your past does n't understand basic schedule-keeping .
also the girl foggy is involved with is fat somewhat but everyone in the show keeps acting like she looks perfect .
fit actresses are a dime a dozen it ca n't be hard to find some .
a wooden box falling on you from the sky and breaking displaying an uninstall '' message for a few seconds before fading into the void ...
windows 10 is really unparalleled on a desktop or htpc environment .
i still have n't seen it because i refuse .
i think the key positive indicator here is that all our main characters are n't hulked out cgi bros. so that 's a plus .
i think it 's a joke meant to point out that protecting rape victims goes against everything by stood for .
edit added strikethrough the rest of the sentence was more important anyway
i liked him more as a character in birthright .
here is the pcpartpicker list for the link you provided .
here 's how to do it on your own .
pcpartpicker part list http uk.pcpartpicker.com/p/llbzq7 price breakdown by merchant http uk.pcpartpicker.com/p/llbzq7/by_merchant
cpu intel core i5-6600k 3.5ghz quad-core processor http uk.pcpartpicker.com/part/intel-cpu-bx80662i56600k £201.97 more computers
memory g.skill ripjaws v series 8gb 2 x 4gb ddr4-2400 memory http uk.pcpartpicker.com/part/gskill-memory-f42400c15d8gvr £38.12 more computers
this bot is in no way associated with pc part picker .
if you do n't want this bot to reply to one of your posts add nopcpp anywhere in the text .
i am a bot please direct any questions or concerns or bug reports to u\/eegras https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=eegras subject message
it probably would as it keeps chewing the grass contented .
i do n't like seth he makes the game a lil boring .
her campaign probably ran some poll numbers and found the youths are more likely to be vegan so bill is now an open minded vegan '' .
come on everyone knows that ajani is the eye candy of mtg
not a story but a number that i ca n't share with anyone in real life .
i want people to see it and know that it has given me nothing but misery .
that is a fine ass who does it belong to ?
ca n't you import the .wsdl as a service reference and use the methods and classes it scaffolds for you ?
once had the unlucky job of retrieving paperwork from the office of a burger place that had gone under .
for whatever reason someone had left a pan of raw patties in the sink even with a lid the stench was terrible and the entire pan was filled up with maggots must have been a few thousand just writhing around .
i was gon na say the videos seem too short and too ad like too much ass in the screenshot lol !
it certainly looks that way but i 've yet to find anything official about it !
tough to say but this is the one i reference the most http achewood.com/index.php ? date=08042005 .
he could have simply meant that stixxay is n't a liability anylonger and is better than doublelift as an adc for clg does n't mean he is better than doublelift individually .
also even if he thought so he is free to believe what he wants .
double forgiven and many other people have come up and said quite exaggerated statements about how good they are or how bad other people play so this is by no means a first .
people are making a big deal out of it because of dl 's big fanbase .
oh i think op is definitely saying that there are three new songs called refuge equinox and hologram .
driving on that amount of uptime is as bad as driving drunk .
find some shade catch some z 's then you can hit the road .
you feel totally ready to bounce immediately after the event because your adrenaline is still up .
half hour later you get a serious drop and your body goes into recovery mode nothing you can do about it .
and apparently not doing research on the issue makes you qualified to talk about it and put others down .
keep kicking ass and one day you just might be the biggest strongest motherfucker in the gym .
there 's a time and place for socialism and capitalism the answer is never one or the other .
also you have over other response that just says lmao '' .
where are all these people defending socialism you are talking about ?
to be fair i feel like we 're getting two thirds of that already .
west coast exit polling of the ny primary is showing bobby jindal surging with 22 and climbing !
ahh my fh and his mom are doing the band 's forever young e.g .
my dad and i are doing it wont be like this for long '' by darius rucker
oh you mean a regular person who knows what 's socially appropriate and what 's not ?
oh yeah did n't even think about how the leds are on the top ... huh .
if she ca n't get in contact she 'll ring my phone if that doesnt work she goes all out search party .
for a second i forgot i was n't a mod here and tried to help him with flair .
the people who listen to ovo know who they are already same for ovo concerts
beaten in 2000 after 18 years of occupation of lebanon beaten in gaza in 2005 beaten in lebanon in 2006 held to very dishonourable draws three times in gaza since then .
that 's a selective and misleading view of events in all cases .
they were n't beaten in lebanon at any point .
the best hezbollah have achieved is reaching a capability where israel would take a lot of casualties if it wanted to occupy land there because of the quality of its iranian training and weaponry .
israel has unparalleled air supremacy which is what matters .
its armor artillery training equipment intelligence naval capabilities comms are well ahead of any near neighbors .
it was a unilateral withdrawal for a very particular reason but 'losing ' militarily was n't it .
at best one could say that the small numbers of settlers were costing too much to defend and israel had the choice of either creating a second front of demographic threat by investing more in gaza settlements or withdrawing .
it also did n't lose militarily in any subsequent conflicts .
it is losing a battle for hearts and minds because it can not effectively target hamas without killing scores of civlians .
the most important tactical success hamas has had over the entire post-2005 period was its military tunnels within gaza .
the best that can be said about the tunnels is that they raise the cost for israel of putting boots on the ground in gaza .
if you really want to make the case for israel 's military capability being diminished you need to look regionally at military spend size and capabilities of turkey saudi arabia uae and iran .
egypt 's planes and tanks are a paper tiger against israeli technology .
iran 's capabilities are solely defensive in conventional military terms against israel .
saudi and the uae have great equipment but small militaries with poor quality personnel .
only one of those countries turkey is in contention .
even so it lacks first strike capability its submarines are old export grade technology and its tanks are either old german tech or soon to be a newer but untried domestic turkish technology .
its airforce is very strong but currently reliant on us technology that israel likely has the upper hand in terms of exploiting .
realistically it could fight israel in a conventional war and exact considerable damage but is not definitively superior yet .
within a decade it will be stronger than israel in conventional military terms not least because it has invested heavily in its own domestic r d .
on an individual level these ideas sound great volunteering at a domestic violence shelter is definitely a great thing to do that provides real help to people that need it .
but ... even a lot of the people who are already on side with social justice do n't go so far as actually volunteering their time on a regular basis like that .
i doubt there are many people who 'd be willing to put that level of effort in yet are n't already on board with the cause in a significant way .
i guess i always assumed that the goal of most movements is large scale systemic change .
to take blm as an example since they 're brought up a lot here i always thought their primary goal was to change the way that policing works in the us to reduce bias and the violence that results from it .
change like that needs broad support more than deep support it needs enough voters to want to see that change that politicians will take a position on the issue to court their vote .
i ca n't imagine anything but significant political pressure from the top down actually leading to the change they want
9-7 the team is definitely better but they 're not yet elite .
i found this really interesting and those who have played long franchises on previous iterations may find it interesting as well .
in the past it was inevitable that if you got 10 years into a franchise the game would fill with lights-out pitchers .
many teams would have rotations of five 90 pitchers and batting averages would drop off a cliff i have seen the batting title won by guys hitting less than .300 .
it seems based on this user 's results that sds fixed some of these problems and that pitchers have been scaled back from being so dominate in long-term franchise mode .
great news for those of us who like to play the same franchise for many many years !
how in the world could you possibly know his intentions ?
and how could it be obvious when you have never met or spoken to this guy and she 's only met him for one plane trip ?
tell your girlfriend that you are n't comfortable with her seeing him if he 's hitting on her or has clear ulterior motives .
do you think she would n't be able to tell ?
it 's not that the compound was fortified tires were literally stacked on top of the cache ... ...
he 's suggesting that you ca n't build right on top of the cache thing you throw the nade on as its a pretty cheap tactic .
hmm i 'll have 8 after sci-fi and pens stationery
kikis played fiora twice and he was good on her besides that we literally dont know how good he is on carry tops .
one would assume because hes been playing jungle for a while it would be safer to play tanks .
i think kikis might noit be that bad in a carry meta considering hes surprinsingly solo killed a lot of top laners
good post bro you should listen to the new crucible radio .
they go over this and the new meta at the moment .
i think it feels a lot better to use bit snapier and with the scope is nice !
very much like a sweet potato which as it turns out is not a good thing .
however you 're supposed to heat them up in the oven .
15 year old me gets drunk or high and punches 25 year old me .
25 year old me rolls her eyes and tries to talk to 15 year old me .
15 year old me then goes to her room to blast music and cry for a while because emotions .
5 year old me runs around like a maniac .
25 year old me attempts to keep up with 5 year old me and smother her with affection .
25 year old me eventually passes out because fuck dude kids are exhausting .
15 year old me then gives 5 year old me some cookies and they both stay up all night 5 year old me watching tv and 15 year old me using the internet .
holy yeah unfortunately i live in a different province than the rest of my family so i will be on my own .
i do n't have anything saved at the moment i had gone through a period of being unable to find a job so i was forced to use what i had been saving .
on the plus side my monthly fees are n't too much i pay 100 for rent and 77 for my phone bill and aside from 50 of groceries every 2 weeks that 's about it
also if his head was moving up and down in reverse it would be doing it if it was n't reversed too .
this is what its from at 1:11 https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=3l8wbknxiti
yea i said blink as an example but it works for other mobility spells like leap icarus dive and so on.. also force staff and other items like glimmer cape
if i was writing a bloodmatch i could picture all three hulks grabbing him and pulling him until he breaks apart but the part that 2008 hulk grabs immediately attacks him and takes over his body .
the other two hulks drop their pieces and start attacking the mercer hulk but right as they strike him mercer releases his control and they kill 2008 hulk before they realize what happened .
the dropped pieces reform behind them and impale 2003 hulk right through his heart and then both dead hulks are consumed to create a massive virus hulk which fights mcu hulk in a brutal but one sided brawl until the smaller hulk collapses in exhaustion and alex engulfs him .
he has 0 sustain i assume you mean health sustain .
he has little crowd control unless you mean he gets a rampage with his ultimate after the enemy lets you smack them for 10 seconds straight .
1/256 in a year with doubling every year is not just a few .
geometric progression would see 256/256 in just 8 years .
based on try mode her damage is nearly only sustain close range and not that high apart from a couple of slows she really does n't disrupt enemies too much no need to focus at all unless it 's a free kill better use the stuns and such on higher priority targets .
it has settings to record on two separate channels at once as can be seen on this page .
http www.bluemic.com/products/yeti i use one regularly and use the stereo settings most .
well to be fair op admitted he was trolling reddit .
all im saying is i hope they tease it with a john cena meme
at his best he may not be better then drake was last year or probably will be this year and drake is not great but just good .
then again snoop himself has not done anything resembling great in well over 16 years and nothing better then ok for over 10 years .
i mean mid 90s snoop was head and shoulders above todays rappers but right now today ?
i would have to wager that bieber comes out with a single that would get more play in the streets then snoop would .
sounds like an obnoxious beast and no doubt bothers the whole neighborhood .
if it 's not fixed but allowed to roam outdoors the owners are shit .
when i first got into freeskiing around 2004/2005 mammoth was the spot to be .
to be contrarian is n't this a good sign that the cov is showing more willingness to get involved in building housing and is opening up new paths to home ownership ?
new supply supported by gov't will have to be part of an overall affordability solution .
the initial project may only be for 300 lucky families but if successful it could become a blueprint for additional volume later .
singapore 's hdb program has resulted in 90 home ownership rates despite the city 's massive capital inflows .
and there has been systematic underbuilding of the uk housing stock since the gov't got out of building homes in the 80s the private market has been shown to build slightly behind demand .
i left apple juice to sit for about a month once .
when i opened it it smelled like straight up booze .
it did have mold so no way i was going to try it .
also playtesters may be asked to play like a regular joe following a wall around or following lighting .
if the average person explores a corn field maze by using the right hand rule in real life they will do so in games too .
it 's not as fast to kill things but it still works perfectly i only do it because i am a fan of the old combat more but you could also use an offhand crystal dagger when your inv is high enough to augment that as well
on top of that the changes they made were to prevent people from gearing up too fast '' because they had n't expected that '' .
you do n't know how fast you can gear/level up in your own game ?
plus then they released incursions with the same exploits in it that have been there all along that ... .. allowed people to gear up too fast with the new gear .
ps4 gathers dust in the summer and i go out and live .
somewhat related here https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=hwfdhynfl1e is a nice analysis of the many themes found in rick morty .
at least the discussion of albert camus ' philosophy is relevant to the inclined anarchist here .
do you know if there is a slur that is used against chinese by other populationside in se asia ?
curious if it has any effect if so almost guaranteed to anger or laughed off .
china has long regarded itself as the height of civilization even above round eye '' westerners and my working theory here is that such esteem gives members a kind of ego armor .
insults are laughed off because there is so much countervailing evidence in the mind of someone with this view of accomplishment on the other side .
overhyped team but better than all of na except clg and liquid .
if you actually take your time measure the wood sand it as needed and make it your own the table will turn out fine .
the more you work at it too the better you will get .
my first tables were shit and i still have a ton of room for improvement .
each project i do i look at what i did wrong and work to correct those mistakes on the next one .
give it a shot and see how you do !
ooh instant lvl 80 thingies and it looks like people who pre-ordered hot get a free one .
'' honestly go watch a youtube video preferably one with high action and switch between 30fps and 60fps and tell me you do n't notice how smoother the visuals are .
hell even with the last of us definitive edition there is a 60fps mode and many gamers claim the difference between 30fps and 60fps is like night and day '' . ''
did you assume i do n't play games at 60fps ?
this was never about 30 being better its a direct point to the fact that 30fps is more cinematic '' if that is what the developers are going for .
recently rachet and clank which aimed to be as close visually to the new movie comes to mind .
hell even the jump to 60fps to 120fps is huge .
i 've been trying to tell some friends this but they think that it does n't really matter above 60. i 've got a crt that goes to 100hz and its amazing for cs and stuff unfortunately there is no way im going to buy a new monitor for gaming with the current canadian dollar
30fps is not a creative choice but a console restriction .
neither of those are true theres nothing in the console that says you ca n't run 60fps given the right direction of visuals .
and 30fps is a creative choice its making the choice to offer up double the rendering time for a less smooth visual and gameplay experience .
but devs will use the extra graphical power to increase visuals not frame rate because visuals give the wow '' factor which will be plain stupid .
rachet and clanks developer wrote a big article when they decided to give up 60fps team wide stating that 60fps does not increase sales review scores or customer interest in new titles .
10 max curse of brotherhood nice little game that i only played because it was free .
9 fifa 15 please do n't hate me but this was all i played for a while
8 fallout 4 despite not owning the game i 've played it and i love it but not knowing much about it is the reason it 's so low .
7 the wolf among us really enjoying this atm but i have n't even finished it !
6 ori and the blind forest i 've only played a demo of this in a game store but it seems like my kind of game just have n't got round to buying it
5 forza 6 very fun racing game with awesome effects and areas .
4 forza horizon 2 imo equal with forza 6 just feel like this edges ahead because i 've spent longer on this game .
3 gta v yet another title i do n't own but i really loved playing
2 star wars battlefront the first shooter i properly got addicted to
1 drumroll alien isolation the first game i ever played on an xbox one of my favourite stories in a video game ever great characters great gameplay good horror aspects and the first game in a while to properly honour the alien franchise this game will always have a place in my heart
i think febiven said that maple was a bit overrated and not quite as good as the top mids at worlds .
short 5-15 minute long episodes of various figures in history the mgm lion the first woman to have a patent ansel adams told in the most poignant way i 've heard in a long time .
rift site was down for me for the first 5 mins then i had 40 mins of processing errors with oculus ' payment systems..
ended up getting through at 49:41 june 6th shipping window .
i personally just do n't guve a shit about the guy .
i 'm having trouble thinking of a time where men would be offended by a women 's question .
i 'm pretty sure the actual intended use is to keep them in your inventory the entire game but the whole while you 're telling yourself you 'll eventually put them all up on display in your settlement .
i had this concern as well talked to my doctor about having my period at all overlap with wedding festivities and what to do about it .
i remembered that my mom actually got a hormonal injection to delay her cycle and my doctor said that that or even oral hormones i 'm pretty sure this is what we discussed definitely need to follow-up would be an option .
i think you would start the week before or so so you likely have some time ?
you probably should n't represent your business as you 're making a blatant illegal request .
also how slim are your margins that 150 fluid ounces makes of breaks it ?
if it means that much to you as it should bring your business why do n't you just personally make the drive yourself ?
in new online poll internet users vote overwhelmingly for the british gov't to remove the stick from its arse frame it call it poopy mcstickerton and make a tv series about its adventures .
but i 've been sitting here listening to this dove right outside my window up in the tree ... just cooing away .
10 days is not a lot of time i would wait a little bit longer
if you look at it instead of having a permanent damage boost and mitigation you have a temporary one now that also grants you an overheal on demand .
if you are specced right you can proc it pretty often .
i have 20k skill power and my mp5 got the free talent that reduces cool downs by 8 on kill so am almost always using the booster shot while recking shit .
the overheal is actually really nice i do n't mind the trade off even if reckless was n't fixed .
top 10 talent possibly going day 3 and possibly never playing again ... .. absolutely sucks ... .
i know 2 former pitchers in the mlb who never made it back from tommy john and now are cops ...
i wish him the best and hopefully he gets to play and succeed in the nfl
in terms of efficiency it is objectively better unless you specifically want a reinforce ticket to open them on the day of the new rotation .
if you pull a big item they are always more expensive when there is less in circulation and people are willing to pay premium to sate their impatience .
like for instance the boxes right now are selling for barely above 15/30m so they are not in the most profitable state but when they came out they were selling for far above that i remember seeing the 12 boxes at 50m for a while .
chris did say a long time ago he wanted that in game .
in a first person game it could be incredible .
i think that people forgot the true meaning of mvp as most valuable player .
given that stixxay got them 2 wins due to his positioning the cait game for their second win and the tristana one where he literally flashed in to get a kill and start the reset chain we can say he was the most valuable player .
otherwise the sacrifices made by his teammates would have been in vain .
they change the definition of racism in their mind to mean something else that they ca n't be .
nah i got tired of the end of the universe and all this bullcrap of the skies being filled with diamonds and took a trip back in time .
let 's get to know the map and then try for ees .
somebody go shoot the rockies sub with an invite here .
i can speculate on why they studied the fev .
super mutant synths would make excellant laborers they are naturally hardy strong and resistant to radiation .
another possibility for studying the fev would be to isolate it 's beneficial properties and integrate them into the human genome while eliminating the negative side effects .
the whole idea of mankind redefined '' leads me to think they 'd definitely do non-synth genetic modifications on themselves .
pochettino has n't achieved a fraction of what arsene wenger has in his career .
at a .01 bet and 2x up on roll under 47.5 imagine you have 20.47 sitting around .
you would have to lose 11 times in a row to be at 0 left
after 7th go you 'll have no funds to raise your bet source sum of a geometric series see other reply .
your point stands it 's a bad idea to play this strat .
we hope this will help bring about a more stable future for all of the middle east .
i faxed mine from the hotel on the morning of day three .
i have a bad habit of procrastinating i 'll get around to fixing it sometime
first i think you need to map out a general politics a bit more because relations between royals is not enough .
answer this what a tyraens and/or gelians as nations have to gain from the war ?
look up to louis ix of france to see what happens to king who goes to war his subject are not interested in .
thats being said you also need to map out major factions inside the country .
they are centered around some personality but why do these people rallied under this persons banner ?
if you have that all the rest fall in its place rather easily .
here 's how i see this could happen this is just some brainstorming take of it what you will
in tyrae we have 3 factions pro-john pro-meriela and pro-terrant .
as tyrae is rich in mines they probably also i assume have thriving gem and metal working industries and strong trade .
lords who hold mining and trade centers profits from them greatly and thus are more bourgeoisie-minded than other lords who considers trade and such below dignity of a nobleman .
and where is old nobility theres always is new so-called nobility of the robe .
these are the people who made themselves trout service in military or bureaucracy .
or maybe they grandfathers did they do not need to be first generation nobles but they do not as a general rule have 600 years old family three with ancient castle attached .
noblesse ancienne are probably behind john he is son of the previous king by gods will and all that .
others two depends on having more background to them so lets just say nobility of the robe supports terrant and bourgeoisie nobility goes with meriela .
these are not clear cut lines many in the nobility of the robe depends on crowns favor to advance careers and there is personal friendships and so on .
many simply wants to keep all possibilities open for them but as a general rule
his power base have all the social standing and status but meriela have rich terrant have talented and skilled ones .
war with gel is now only logical option for him .
if tyrae is to replace gel as major naval power trade profits will skyrocket .
nobility of the robe wants career opportunities again something war can provide .
john needs only to exchange few harshly-worded letters with gel and he is on his way to solidify his position .
after tyrae invaded adrian pushes samor in to supporting gel hoping that joining loosing side will undermine elva 's reign .
and then highfeld have to join on johns side because letting tyrae to be crushed by gel-samor alliance will tip power balance against them .
on the other hand maybe gel could invade tyrae to replace john with terrant before john invaded them .
tl dr. map factions and groups inside the countries and possibilities will jump on you themselves .
finally got the hook up burned one with the wifey and cruising reddit for lulz .
you 'd be my second friend on psn let alone on eso
i bet you scored in the 60s even though the exam was piss easy right ?
while irregardless is n't a word if you break it down it means with regard to '' .
so people who earnestly use it not only are you using a word that does n't exist but you 're also using it incorrectly .
we can argue the word 's existence based on the existence of an argument surrounding the word under a different header .
i would scream too if i were a cat .
just a stupid word made by whiny nice guys and girls '' who think they are entitled to a date/sex/relationship with someone they are nice to
when someone is n't attracted to you and turn you down means they do not want you as a friend or a date ... they just do not want you at all
so if you are doing things as a friend '' to get her to want you that is deceitful and you should stop
if you can not be just friends without the the undercurrent of trying to be her bf then you need to leave her alone and move on
did n't realize it was classic for one specific group of sports fans to bitch about calls and not you know literally all sports fans
did the tone of my comment come across as amorphages being great ?
flash wolves have qualified already and maple is a ridiculous player both on assassins ex .
gangplank maple may be the best mid at the event .
air travel in and out of fat sucks ass right now overpriced and inconvenient so very few people fly which means rail only has to be slightly better than sucks ass to get riders .
when southwest moves in air travel at fat will be significantly cheaper and more convenient .
it will no longer suck ass and people will fly instead of taking train .
when you say fleet car instantly i think 30 off current retail value because it 's been abused .
that is my feeling too i 'm leaning toward the tripper and hey it 's 300 cheaper ...
i have been in land development for some time and would definitely recommend taking the program in the vancouver area if you can ... there are way more prospects here than edmonton .
soft skills and networking are way more important than any piece of paper and are what will actually get you a job .
you can plan a career path where you are not limited to the typical box that large companies put technologists into by working for smaller consulting or land development companies with a dynamic team based structure that will allow you to take on more responsibilities over time .
i know some technologists that are now leading projects because they gained the right experience and proved they can handle the pressure .
also in the future look for opportunities to get training paid for by employers such as a pmp or leed certification .
i have to ask with a degree in human geography why not consider urban planning land economics or the full architectural degree ?
you did n't win it sounds like you fucking earned it .
it 's always been that name flash kick is 'fake ' like cannon drill .
smoking gives you a buzz as well at least at first .
you think people just enjoy the sensation of irritating their throats ?
in wyoming tyler over predicted bernie 's win by a long shot .
op if you can at all do this do this .
requests is the package that urllib should have been .
the less we say about it the better . ''
titans as an old ally then i 'd imagine it 'll be like the entire deal with titans hunt
if the whole lost titan '' thing is still happening which i 'm not sure it is i honestly think it 's don hall because none of them seem to recognize dove .
i 'm like ahh a new session here we go.. oh my garage is on fire whole server is being detonated and i see everyone begging for cash in the chat new session the same..
from my 6 hours with this pen i do n't think you 'll be disappointed
bee vomit '' tree jizz '' rice malt syrup '' are some sweet options .
stafford back to his gunslinging ways with cooter as oc has another magnificent 5000 yard season .
eric ebron finally clicks '' with the offense and really shines as the pass-catching monster he was drafted to be .
golden tate do what golden tate does catch the ball and run like a man-possessed ... plus make packer fans cry/rage .
the young defensive players play like they 've been blessed by some divine intervention .
refs are plotting now to find obscure rules that can be twisted into taking lions touchdowns off the board .
lol no they were n't shane mcmahon literally just set the matches up .
do you have adhd and ca n't pay attention to anything for more than five seconds ?
roger and klaus going cross country to to see all zeroes on the odometer of roger 's 1993 sable is hilarious
personally when i went to rome as a tourist i really enjoyed it .
sure the famous sites were all pretty crowded and the forum even had some weird modern art exhibit that really detracted from the atmosphere but that did n't stop them from being really cool .
ancient ruins of famous buildings are still awesome even when crowded .
here 's his version of taxi driver starring woody allen https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=ihhw3de86xs
so you value the rape of a straight man less than a transgender person ?
trans people can be put somewhere else to stop them being raped but others have to just deal with it ?
i do n't want to break this to you but straight males get raped everyday in prison too and shocker so do gay males what about them ?
is their rape worth so little compared to trans people that they have to stay in a situation where they are raped daily ?
rape is horrific and should n't happen to anyone and everyone has the right to be safe from it .
the issue is rape within the prison system not rape on a specific gender or what you identify as .
saved this post if i ever need to feed my addiction
they sometimes have spares in a random warehouse somewhere .
if nothing else they can give you the measurements .
i do not really care about duffs nor anchorbar but what you are describing they do is confit '' i think duck was the orginal was to do that but now it is popular with wings .
i do it myself at home for a crispier wings .
sounds like oregon i have yet to see someone use there signal they go straight from the turn lane they stopped even trying to stop for stop signs and i 'm not talking about roll by stop the 35 mile per hour though a stop sign in to incoming traffic .
oh and if the sun comes out they forget how to drive if the sun has been out and it starts to rain they forget again this happens a lot .
but thanks for the advice i 'll have to compare once i 've moved .
given that wijdan is an urdu name op seems to be assuming that scary foreign name refugee syrian refugee .
so you should ask them why they picked those religions .
i think the best bet is hope for a 4/waw/mw2 remaster .
if they do that i hope they give it the halo treatment and just touch up the graphics .
maybe balance some clearly op stuff like the mp5 in 4 ump in mw2 noob tubes etc
but yeah i miss the old days of 4 mw2
that is a more distinctly american issue perhaps because the public perception seems to be that government is more corrupt than it 's even been .
i 'm not commenting one way or the other but i think there 's a crazy amount of distrust for the establishment for lack of a better word .
trump came out of nowhere but he 's the clear front-runner now because he 's anti-establishment .
bernie also came out of nowhere as an extreme underdog and now he 's the primary contender against hillary .
the message in this election is clear give the power back to the people .
that means different things to different people but i think it 's a pretty good summation .
me too and i have read that it 's actually better younger at least for distillate from a certain year range .
is this the news that brian alverez was teased a few weeks ago that people were hoping wouldnt be released ?
the very fact that the carter family is collaborating with known nazi 's does n't exactly portray them or any of their businesses in a positive light .
oh yeah i wonder how they 'll be implemented ...
i think this is the only early access game i 'm still really intrigued and excited by
roadhog says eat this '' when a friendly uses his ulti .
if it was truly a dark purple it would be leratiomyces percevelii .
i mean lowry is doing a fine job today at finding an open jv .
it was a miracle these turned out as well as they did .
i would definitely recommend not making these when you 're dealing with a contractor for your leaking roof and a dog who decides that running around in the mud just ca n't wait 15 more minutes .
but alas these were easy to make and delicious !
will definitely be going in my regular baking recipes !
i do this as well and every now and again my left foot will paw the floor in search of the turn signal .
have n't driven a transit bus in nearly seven years but still ca n't shake either of them .
please the frontage of their website is one massive and low quality ad .
shaw 's back in training and making great process apparently .
the majority 94.4 of households faced difficulties accessing food the main cause was the siege and the shortage of food products and the majority 85.5 were food insecure households .
just over 50 of the preschoolers were anaemic 26.8 of those who had a stool test had parasitic infections and 15.0 were stunted .
if i had to assemble a bare essentials spice kit i 'd probably do garlic onion rosemary thyme oregano cinnamon and cumin .
anything else i 'd get on an as needed basis .
so i had normal tracking for several hours then started getting a consistent tracking failure requiring a steamvr reboot .
i narrowed it down to where i could trigger the tracking failure by opening the steamvr dashboard .
i realized that i had the camera view enabled and it was sucking up my usb bandwidth .
i went into camera settings and changed it to 30hz and restarted .
i did n't have any tracking problems after that .
note that this was with a usb 3.0 port and i had had several hours of proper tracking before noting the issue .
do you have the camera view enabled for chaperone ?
perhaps that is triggering a usb issue for you .
in the steamvr settings for the camera there 's a tracking test display i forget what it 's labeled which will let you set the framerate and see if tracking is maintained .
so outraged they went home and posted to their facebook !
i 'm gon na steal this and replace welsh '' with alabama friend '' .
take it like the game would utilize 10 gb if it had 16gb available if 8gb is available it will utilize 6gb
can you link some website or give some information about the name of the program or something like that ?
it certainly sounds like verbal success stories '' and the making it your fault '' like that sounds very scientology-ish but it 's hard to say without more info .
so do you actually believe what you wrote or are you just writing what you think will circulate the most ?
got ta hand it to folks in the photo their spot is clean as fuck .
removed automatically since zero day accounts can not post or comment .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/workgonewild if you have any questions or concerns .
list looks interesting but what is your reasoning on not running oath of nissa ?
it seems like it would be perfect for hitting a 3rd colour planeswalker .
also was there something you did n't like in testing about deathmist raptor ?
it would n't tax the manabase too much and it 's great for shoring up your control matchups with its recursion .
if you 're getting pregnant from adopting you 're doing it wrong .
technically that was the doctor 's daydream but there are of course instances where he makes physical contact with the crew .
it 'd be hard to operate if he were n't able to .
toys that are cut in half/without fur/that you can see the inside of are some of the most terrifying things in existence .
i 24 year old adult am still very scared of troll dolls for the sole reason that i saw the inside of one 's head when i was around 1 and a half years old .
my sister had a backpack with a troll doll head on the front of it and you could see inside it 's head from the inside of the backpack .
i remember seeing all of the weird spikes from the eyes and the inverted troll face .
because erdogan says and does things that many people hate .
this behavior is the norm for the palestinians ... ... . the norm .
i can say for certain only way to get taken strike is to have the god roll hung jury .
it was only offered pre-update and most people did n't know about it .
that has nothing to do with mint though it 's other chemicals in the tooth paste responsible for that .
iirc it does n't matter if you 're alive or not either .
i do n't understand how this is news to you .
well to me that sounds like the perfect way for you guys to set '' an anniversary you want !
the date you arbitrarily choose does n't need to be in the past .
find a date you like in the next few months and choose it then !
ideally you would want heavier gauge wires all around a longer extension a more robust box and heavier switchgear with a more positive action .
but just replacing the transistor battery with something capable of supplying more current will get you up and launching .
the gears 4 gnasher has been nerfed compared to gears 3 .
in addition to that you have to check your spread .
i do n't believe it 's a connection issue as the hit did seem to register but most of the spread looked like it was outside the hit box in both instances .
never said the us was right to invade or interfere in the middle east .
it 's unnecessarily bringing in people who have no interest in our country our culture or our way of life .
in fact the majority of them are fundamentally against all three ... . and in most cases want to destroy our way of life by imposing sharia law .
i 've saved up more than 250 ds already thanks to login bonus and bamco screw ups the hard part will be failing to pull gogeta with them .
just wait till we get our offense up from the minors too ...
it 's because there are crappy phone apps that call themselves ar and no one doing proper ar wants to be associated with that .
i am trying to make a full traditional mario game .
some of the best levels i 've played use costumes .
i would say that 100x a day until the stupid people believe me .
park them deep inside the tunnel gigas are too big to fit in the tunnel
i just add the special deploys to any battleplans i use .
that would be amazing if he actually used it for himself .
1. you set up a rules for organization in the form of charter and bylaws .
the charter sets up how the organization is run managed and how disagreements are handled .
if you are interested in the specifics of the republican party charter i 'd visit their web site .
but basically each state and each county has a republican party organization .
if you are interested in affecting change your best bet is to get involved in your local political party .
hillary only lost 1 primary where it had her up prior ... .
miss barry went outside her comfort box and did quite well..i shall applaud her
from the body 's point of view we have .
the problem is that your immune system ca n't make you immune to itself
i 'll just post what i posted to the other dude further up the thread before he deleted his comments out of shame .
not all banks do this many dont thats the fucking joke
are you honestly saying you dont understand how people are either poor and/or uneducated and are thus taken unaware by finance systems and large corporations ?
next you 're going to tell me it 's grandma 's fault that she keeps getting taken advantage of by the home shopping network .
fucking grandma not being aware of her fiscal responsibilities what a jerk .
like he should do that much if not more with auto attacks .
i did that much in normal dungeons after hitting 100 .
my 10 year reunion was a facebook group with all the time and places for it .
rsvp was required for the dinner so they know how much to reserve in advance .
something about this joke really gets under my skin .
it 's like crimson web knives etc but instead of .06 it 's .14 is the lowest i believe .
your people are n't represented in star trek because in the utopian future they 've been eugenicsed away . ''
well ' said the bemused customs officer i 'm afraid we 'll have to confiscate your weapons .
until further notice you 'll need a permit from the magistrate to carry weapons within the city .
you can retrieve them when you 're finished your stay . ''
he looks down and scribbles something in his ledger before looking back up and saying everything else seems in order .
if something interesting is happening or when we 're playing them i might check out what they 're talking about .
it 'll make it okay for an hour or so but then it 'll gum up worse than before and be a dirt and lint magnet .
i agree ca n't compare to kanyes best but still its a great song
i watched the first episode of the series good choice !
i have yet to delve fully into zesteria and i have a few knee reactions .
the audio was a bit washy but i am sure that gets better .
i did not see an issue with how zoomed out it was it seems like you can see a wider range of movement that way anyway .
something to keep the eyes focused on you and not on other things in the background .
politico http www.politico.com/story/2016/03/5-myths-about-trump-supporters-220158 says he does well with people with college degrees as well as the less educated '' .
what do you say to the college educated that support him ?
is it possible that they just see things differently than you or even me ?
a candidate willing to give up integrity to gain an advantage has no integrity
just like clinton did when asking where bernie was when she was trying to pass health care in '93 and '94 when he was literally right there with her .
like when she insinuated in a debate that bernie voted to protect minutemen prosecuting immigrants or not supporting the auto bailout .
here she is yelling at a reporter and blaming sanders https youtu.be/4nz8-3aju5m ? t=13s .
she does not attack people as personally as trump does but she still lacks integrity as far as i 'm concerned .
she has lied about her accomplishments and her history .
if you 've failed but you then go on the attack
they can also do horrible things in more lax countries
even if that were truly so it 'd beat a backslide under another republican
in zone 10 florida there is no reason that i can think of to have a greenhouse .
the purpose of a greenhouse is to keep things warm and in south florida it 's already warm .
a greenhouse does not provide shade in south florida it will have the effect of cooking your veg .
my garden has been going for about three months and there has n't been much growth .
you are planting at the wrong time of year .
kale lettuce cukes and tomatoes are all grown during the cooler weather in zone 10 florida .
notice where it says that you stop planting cukes tomatoes and lettuce in february in south florida and that kale stops in january .
unfortunately it appears that your heat clock '' has expired for spring 2016 .
you can continue with things like okra field peas watermelons sweet corn and many other more heat-tolerant crops than kale lettuce cukes and tomatoes .
sure hope not.that guy should stay away from f1 .
every team in front of us neglects to turn in their draft card so we get our first pick of players
too late unfortunately i 'm at end game a little over level 100
i live right by this area what house is it
i carry a term life insurance policy on myself for my wife .
one of our goals in life is to be able to retire early travel and spend our 50 's on meaningful work/hobbies .
though she does n't need my income to support herself i still want our goals to be achievable for her if something were to happen to me .
i love kimmy schmidt but that storyline was awful .
they did n't make up that they are n't allowed to touch women outside of their family .
but they did make up that the reason is religious .
it 's a cultural rule not a religious one .
any time a new single or really any new death grips news is releases half of the comments anywhere are all shit like get fantano on the phone '' and oh damn anthony is going to love this ! ''
i looked him up and he just reviews albums .
andre gx reviews nintendo games but when e3 happens everyone is n't shouting his name and shit .
i 'm not understanding why 75 of the death grips fan base praises this dude like he 's mc ride himself .
i found this gem over at the forums for virtual desktop by memes .
as you know your monitor/tv has several inputs and your video card has multiple outputs .
connect the outputs of the video card to the inputs of the monitor/tv using the appropriate adapters .
even tho the monitor will only display one input at a time apparently windows will see each output '' as a separate monitor allowing multiple monitors in vr !
now as i do n't have my vive yet i leave it to you to figure out if this is useful for anything besides virtual desktop .
at the current place i 'm at my salary is based 100 commission .
thing about it is the company still has to pay us at least minimum wage .
this means i have to make more than 324 in commission a week 40 hours × 8.10 to cover minimum wage .
if i do not the company will still pay the difference to ensure i make a minimum wage but i have to pay that back on my next paycheck .
so for example if i only make 200 in commission for a week the company will add 124 to my check .
then on my next check let 's say i make 500 in commission .
well i am only going to get 375 because they take back the 124 .
overtime works differently there also because if i work 42 hours in one week they do n't just pay me time-and-a-half for 2 hours they pay me for all 42 hours .
if you run the risk of being in draw this is a bad thing .
because now you have to sell more than 510.30 to cover your hourly wage .
if i only sell 200 in commission i 'm going to owe the company 310.30 .
and again that comes out of my commission for the following check .
it 's a slow time of the year and everybody in my department is draw .
my manager edited my time card to say i only worked 39 hours .
when i put in my two weeks notice he told me i ca n't work over 40 hours because it 's cheating the company .
but he 's cheating me because i worked over 42 hours .
i can work under 40 hours for my last 2 weeks there but it 's not fair for him to take that overtime away from me .
i printed out my time card from that week before and after he changed it so i have proof i did work over 40 hours .
i 've managed to get linting to work but not indention .
i 'm mostly looking for something that 'll beautify '' my code properly once i 'm done writing .
if you managed to get proper indention formatting on one of these editors or anything else i 'd really appreciate if you mentioned what exactly you 're using .
hey guys i started a build review thread https www.reddit.com/r/buildapc/comments/4fixsc/build_review_600_gaming_pc_ssd_usb_3_quiet to get help with creating a €600 gaming rig for a friend of mine .
i had some wonderful help and finally arrived at the following
i 'd really appreciate it if someone could experienced could look this over to hopefully confirm that all parts are compatible and that this is a sensible build also in terms of the balance between components my first draft '' had a much too powerful cpu too weak gpu .
i will likely want to add a 1tb 3.5 '' hdd to the mix that i have lying around somewhere but i did n't include it in the table bc i do n't know the make model .
i 'd furthermore be grateful for any pointers as to parts that would still be needed for assembling this build cables screws perhaps idk .
if you notice anything else that 's important to consider before i build this such as the bios needing to be upgraded please mention it .
what did you go on to learn on your own after the program ended ?
did you use any other online resources or books in order to learn how to make better algorithms or improve on material that you felt you could have used a bit more understanding or work on ?
what did you wish you did differently when doing fcc ?
any words of advice to anyone else taking up fcc ?
do n't know about you guys but i blame sips for making me addictive to rust !
i 've played on a few servers which include the official and unofficial sips servers and it 's all i think about .
all i want to do is cut down trees bash rocks and run around naked day and night .
we hear a lot of people still have n't had the chance to try our juice !
it 's the perfect package to sample twelve of our flavors .
three lucky redditors will each be winning 8 15mls and 4 30mls selected from our top flavors from itcvapes https itcvapes.com
we 'll be keeping the giveaway open until sunday april 24th in the evening
on his career stats he played around 28 games almost every season of his arsenal career how come he did n't play more ?
was it injuries or suspensions or tactical changes or what ?
i 've played poe for about a week got my ranger/raider to 72 and just recently started doing maps .
i feel like there were so many points along the way where i thought wow there 's still so much more to learn about the game .
my first character i followed a guide for but now i wanted to start on my own build and that 's kept me up just thinking and planning and plotting .
for me a character 's aesthetic and skillset has to make sense .
so the picture i have in mind is a dual-dagger-wielding assassin .
i noticed there were builds on the forums for dual strike but i tried that out and i think i want to try to make double strike work with dual daggers .
and i want to use flicker strike for mobility over whirling blades if possible .
so those are the constraints i 'm working with so i 'm trying to find a way to make the build work within that .
with double strike offhand damage does n't matter so we 're free to use some lower damage uniques .
i was thinking maybe goredrill and bino 's main hand if i can ever afford one or a high phys damage rare .
for the gem setup i figured i would want double strike multistrike melee splash at the very least .
then i could either go with a coc setup or additional damage .
i 'll need blood rage somewhere to maintain flickering between packs quickly enough
thanks guys and thanks ggg for your hard work .
i remember a case of human twins that was born as one person '' with two heads '' and as i remember seeing in the documentary they said that each one controls one side of the body with other animals like the snakes is the same principle ?
or that 's a specific case and generally neural signals are all messed up ?
there was a post saying that the part of the plane is supposed to fall around the green 115 water zone but i ca n't find anything there .
nothing there seems to indicate that a plane fell there either .
i currently have a 3x9 setup which is advantageous in the respect that i can climb over just about anything but do i really need all those gears ?
i 'd like to switch to an 1x11 setup without breaking my piggy bank do people actually have those anymore ? .
i 've seem the shimano and sram options and i have to ask is there a huge difference in quality between the two brands ?
the reason i ask this is because it seems the sram components are priced far higher than the shimano offerings .
the best i 've been able to find for sram thus far to replace my entire drivetrain is just over 300 with the sram xg-11x1 groupset .
tl dr does anyone have suggestions to make this more of a merciful beating rather than a swift death of my bank account ?
if e2 wells knew hunter '' by the name of jay '' does this mean that hunter has been playing the long con since the first time e2 saw garrick '' in action ? ? ?
if not then where/who is the real jay garrick ? ? ?
if zoom has been running around as both for so long then there 's a chance that there is no jay garrick ...
hey guys i do n't know how active this sub is but what are some of the best tinting options in the city ?
being in houston/texas i feel like it 's a necessity .
hey so i played about 3 matches of gears last night they worked fine .
then today i have played about 5 matches and every match has lagged .
also i would love it if they would add a connection bar and show ping aswell .
edit i know it 's a beta and we should expect connection problems i was just wondering if anyone else has had this problem
hello reddit ... we are a small building corporation focused on pvp with a side of exploration and possibly further exploitation of sleeper resources .
we are looking to settle a low-class wormhole when the citadels become available .
using our citadel as a base we will looks for sites to run lowsec or null connections to roam and wormhole neighbors to gank .
is a member of the neo-bushido movement an alliance based on fun .
we require no api no facebook page rl phone number or address .
we just want fun mature people interested in having fun fun fun .
stop by our public channel 5afe house for more information .
i forgot my password for the original account so i hope this is ok .
i ended up emailing her on the sunday afternoon after i had messaged him a couple times .
turns out he did n't see my messages because he was talking to me on a separate phone and did n't have it with him when she was over .
she responded to me absolutely devastated asking for more information which i provided .
then she said she hates that i told her before the wedding because either her wedding day is ruined while they try to work it out or she has to cancel and then everyone will know .
she wishes i had either waited or not told her .
this was exactly my concern with telling her when i did and i feel awful .
maybe she will eventually appreciate it but i 'm no longer convinced i did the correct thing .
maybe it was morally right but it does n't seem to have benefited anyone in the situation .
and selfishly it means that i probably wo n't ever understand for myself why this all happened and what was real and what was a lie especially if the wedding still happens .
i know her feelings are really the important ones here but i 'm struggling as well .
i sent him one more text asking him to give me some answers with the note that if she asked him to stop corresponding with me to just ignore my text .
i have n't heard anything back yet and i 'm doubting i ever will .
i guess i 'm looking for any advice on how i can move forward from this because i do n't know how .
this is the first time i 've ever been in any kind of relationship/fwb situation outside of my previous 7 year relationship and i 'm struggling to understand how someone could do this .
she 's absolutely devasted that i told her when i did and i 'm struggling to figure out if i did the right thing and how to move on from this .
hey guys idk if this is the right place to post this but i couldnt find a pve community subreddit to post this in .
whats looking better between rogue mage and warrior in legion and why ?
ive never been able to stick to one class but ive narrowed it down to those three .
so im making a video but have no idea what this buff '' is .
while using painted guardian sword and wearing the set occasionally ill have an aura almost like im getting souls similar sound too .
thing is i doubt its a ring because i did n't change my set up at all .
i dont see what it does other than it tends to occur after using the chained dance skill .
add me or send a trade offer if your interested
i love this subreddit and have tried to never commercialize the glass of which i 've posted .
i 've avoided saying our shop 's name or even linking to our instagram .
having said this we are having huffy from volta glass and crunklestein bringing some new pieces to show and doing a meet and greet for 4-20 .
if you want to check them out message me and i 'll give you the details .
we 'll have some tasty beer served by one of our former staff members who now brews professionally .
you can also see some of the pieces i 've posted on here in person .
if you 're a connoisseur i hope you can make it by .
if this post does violate the rules or the spirit of this subreddit please voice the opinion and i 'll delete this post .
so i have been slaving away at the last bit of the artifacts for the museum for over a year in-game now .
i have looked everywhere the wiki says to but they are never there .
nearing the midway point of my fourth year now and i 'm starting to think these are bugged or something .
i never see the wormsticks in town anymore barely ever in the mountains once maybe twice a season in the forest .
i seem to recall seeing them all the time .
anyways i 'm at a loss and the rng hates my guts .
i 'm wanting solutions to this https www.chegg.com/homework-help/radioisotopes-cancer-detection-radioisotope-commonly-used-de-chapter-5.5-problem-2e-solution-9780321830890-exc problem .
i 've tried working on the problem for a couple hours now and i 'm unsure what i 'm doing wrong .
looking for a dusk stone i 've been trying to get one but to no avail ... thanks in advance !
it is a song that i believe samples the legend of zelda ocarina of time .
i want to say someone that played it gave a shout out to the creator and i believed i would finally be able to find it .
it was just for 5 bucks caught me a little off guard still haha anyone else get this ?
i was wondering where the best street meat vendors are located and which ones have the nacho cheese bottles ?
if posting will get them in trouble mabye inbox me the location if that wo n't break any reddit rules ?
any interesting casual game ideas that can be play using 1 button .
meaning you can only press 1 button to interface/interact with the game world .
i 've been thinking of taping up my shin splints but does taping work ?
has anyone else experienced an increased number of disconnects and abandons recently ?
not even from yourself it can be teammates someone from the other team ect .
because from 6-9 i have only played a single game .
out of 5 ques 4 games of which someone disconnects 5 minutes into the game or abandons during picking phase .
and there were a few times where i would not be able to connect to the games that i click accept match in .
i just want to know if i am the only person affected by this .
i 've tried discogs.com and a few other places but i ca n't seem to find what i 'm looking for porter robinson scooter john o ' callaghan and a few others .
is it just because i 'm not looking in the right places ?
or is it that vinyl is rare or not even made for electronic music ?
my boyfriend a ministry student and i have gotten into debates over what the church 's role is in educating its members on sex .
while i believe that it is best left to the school or parents i have toyed with giving our church 's teens the talk '' if we ended up at a church in an area that had no sex-ed or abstinence-only sex ed in their schools .
but i am a little hesitant as i 'm not sure if it 's the church 's job to provide that kind of information .
1 would this be appropriate for a church or heck a christian school to do ?
3 have any churches or christian schools been successful in implementing a christ-centered comprehensive sex ed program into its curriculum ?
i need to let off some steam and share this story .
last week i went to the funeral of my cousins four year old daughter who died of leukemia she was a sweet beautiful little girl who endured more pain in her short life than anyone should let alone a toddler and she endured it with grace humor and love .
it was the most tragic funeral i have ever attended .
all funerals are sad but when it is an older person there is also a sense of celebration of a full life well lived but this funeral was just grief and pain and loss and it crushed me in a way no other funeral has done .
the image of her brothers carrying her tiny casket out of the hall is burned into my mind .
the funeral itself was secular there was no mention of god no prayers just family recounting the best memories they had with this little girl and although it was tragic i think it was the best possible funeral that she could have had .
the very next day on facebook my 75 year old uncle from the other side of the family who is an anglican minister announced that he had beaten his cancer battle and who did he thank ?
his facebook post gushed about how god had answered his prayers and beat the cancer and comments to the post were filled with 'god is great ' 'praise the lord ' .
i am seething with rage right now how can he think god had anything to do with his cure ?
did god look down and see a four year old girl and a 75 year old man and say fuck it the old dude prayed to me harder guess he gets the cure ?
and how fucking insensitive do you have to be sure he does n't know my cousin and they are n't friends on facebook other side of the family but cancer is a pretty common thing and you are going to know people that have lost someone to it to say god saved you will imply that god did n't really care about those other people enough to save them god did n't care about a beautiful four year old girl with her whole life in front of her but a 75 year old man with maybe another ten years left in him sure he will intervene in that .
and should n't my uncle be disappointed that he did n't die ?
after all according to him he is going to a place better than anyone could imagine .
i have n't said anything to my uncle i do n't know if i really want to start a thing i like my cousins and they are relived their father is well but still i just want to scream at him .
here is my basic information i am going into my senior year at college to obtain my ba in art history .
i want to be a museum curator work in collections management or something along those lines .
i know for sure i need to go to graduate school and i want to go i want to pursue a phd .
i am the first person in my family to seek a graduate education so i am not sure how to go about navigating this new complicated realm .
i spoke with my advisor but he spewed a lot of information at me for 2 hours and i came out of that meeting more terrified than i went in .
so basically 1 what major/degree should i consider pursuing ?
3 if you have gone through graduate school how did you navigate the information ?
how did you pick an advisor from what i understand this is the most important part of grad school ?
and did you end up with the job you wanted after school ?
i have been reading this subreddit for a while i just do n't post or comment today is my first .
1 ★ m9 bayonet marble fade factory new http steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198119033540/inventory 730_2_5870713017 0.033410388976336 http csgo.exchange/item/5870713017 210 sold for b/o c/o:205k https www.reddit.com/r/globaloffensivetrade/comments/4fggpn/store_karambit_tt_flawless_corner_m9_marble_fade/d28meax
i have been vaporizing my bud for over two weeks using my arizer air .
this was my first vape and i love it a whole lot .
at first i was expecting to be slightly dissapointed with the entire vaporizing experience coming from being a heavy smoker .
when i first vaporized a stem of herb out of my air i was impressed .
the vapor was n't as milky '' as smoke but it was definately thick and abundant .
it tasted amazing and i was already stoned after only one stem .
i guess i had it in my mind that vapor was n't as satisfying as smoke ever would be .
i think what i am trying to say is that if your a combuster smoker trying to decide if you will be satisfied with vaporizing do n't be afraid because it is just as awesome and has extra benefits .
if your skeptical about purchasing that expensive vaporizer because your skeptical about vaporizing as a whole do n't be skeptical as it is really as enjoyable if not more enjoyeable than smoking .
even though i still smoke cigarrettes trying to quit i prefer vaporizing my bud as opposed to smoking it .
i could go on and on about the benefits of vaporizing .
the benefits were appealing but i was still skeptical about whether or not me and my combusting friends would enjoy vaporizing .
now all i can say is that i know i 've made the right choice .
i am still obsessed with my air and so are my friends lol .
just thought i would share my experience with my first vaporizer .
bard ult orianna ult ezreal ult zac ult and malphite ult .
video wombo combo and bard xpeke right after https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=emolk5mgc_s
i started to play this game around 4-5 months ago and i love the tyrael 's charger when first saw it .
but it has been unavailable for a long time .
people say mounts rotate time to time but it 's nearly half of a year .
also there is like only 8 mounts in the shop while the game has like 30 .
you can rotate mounts when you have enough in your shop .
right now the mount selection we have in shop is too damn low
as i max out more and more characters i 'm finding that the shard shop makes less and less sense .
in theory the shard shop is the place for players who are spenders or highly-dedicated or both to get a chance to buy new shards based on overflows of other shards ... ..
... so if that 's the case then why do i constantly have picks that include characters i 've already maxed-out at 7-star ?
buying overflow shards from the arena might be worth it to get the currency for vader shards let 's say but to buy shards for characters that you already have at 7-star would be immensely inefficient .
my suggestion therefore is that loyal players with shards to spare should not have to be given shard shop purchase options that include characters that they 've maxed .
filter those guys out and only give picks of characters that you can actually upgrade .
if so that 's fine as long as they are reasonably priced but it would also be nice to just have the one and done payment and not have to buy the rest .
we need to throw out our small lineup at the start of the game not only is sully completely unable to defend horford and millsap but he 's not rebounding well playing well offensively and to boot making it impossible for it to score inside .
jae has shown he can play the 4 against millsap and everytime amir was n't guarding horford he hit a 3 .
we were ok when ever sullinger was n't on the floor .
i like sully but we ca n't keep him out there against this team .
if we start him again we 're going to go down 3-0 .
obviously there 's more to it than that but this issue is 1 .
it will open up shooting hopefully and increase mobility .
at level 120 wiz3 linker1 trying to figure out what to do with this money 750k here is some idea
abomination set but then i loose 6 int from magic talisman for quite a good amount of con
arde dagger but currently i am using a expecta staff which i 've just spent like 300k to make it 5 dont really want to swap it out just yet ...
attributes my attributes are quite low at the moment around level 10 for spell damages for magic missile energy bolt etc tbh i dont see myself using energy bolt again soon when i hit rank 5 i could be very wrong but magic missile is amazing
save it up i mean there are pretty awesome items at 170 which cost an arm and a leg it seems so that 's also an option
in conjunction with the moderators of r/detroitlions we are proud to announce the 47th episode of this subreddit 's one and only official podcast http detroitlionspodcast.com !
in this episode of the detroit lions podcast chris and case start to break down draft options and where the lions really stand after free agency .
in 'this week in reddit ' case spends some time talking about his schedule analysis while chris weighs in on the o-line and where it might stand .
we also spend some time discussing color rush uniforms golden tate highlights from sandman .
the guys spend some time lamenting how bad the kicking game got prior to the arrival matt prater and after janson hanson .
chris and case are also joined by brandon knapp staff writer for detroitlionspodcast.com .
we talk about where he came from how he got started and do an analysis of the lions draft options particularly at olb .
we also talk about how this might translate to the upcoming nfl draft for our beloved team .
lastly we are joined by fan favorite 'the riz ' .
jeff risdon joins us to break down the detroit lions ' draft options and do an evaluation between draft expectations vs. potential reality .
he also talks about how the rest of the nfcn has done in free agency and talks about how best to spend your time on draft day if you are in the grand rapids area it involves peppinos pizza and free drinks on him !
let us know what you think by commenting in the thread in the subreddit or by leaving us a voice mail message via skype at detroitlionspodcast your input will help make the show better and if you leave us a message on skype you just might be featured in an upcoming show !
you can also give us a call at 929 33-lions .
let us know what you think by commenting in the thread in the subreddit or by leaving us a voice mail message via skype at detroitlionspodcast your input will help make the show better and if you leave us a message on skype you just might be featured in an upcoming show !
you can also give us a call at 929 33-lions .
you can take part in these shows by leaving us a voice message on skype at detroitlionspodcast or call us at 929 33-lions to leave a voice message .
leave a message and you could be on the air in the next episode !
you can subscribe to the podcast for apple https itunes.apple.com/us/podcast/the-detroit-lions-podcast/id1003655963 android http subscribeonandroid.com/www.detroitlionspodcast.com/feed/podcast and windows phone at the podcast website http detroitlionspodcast.com or even by searching the itunes store for 'detroit lions podcast ' and selecting the icon with snoogatron .
remember this is the official podcast for r/detroitlions and as such we want to keep all discussion and comments in the sub .
its important that this becomes a way to grow the sub and builds a stronger community .
use the website or itunes store to subscribe to the podcast use skype for voice messages but please keep everything else here in r/detroitlions .
we really hope you like this we 're giving it our all so join us on this journey through the lions 2016 season and beyond !
day 19 here for me and i´m doing pretty good .
today i´m like shaking because it´s so cold even with like 20 c inside the house which is warm for me but at night my legs start sweating even with a thinner blanket .
recently started stretching with glass colorfronts and they are kinda pricey .
not ready to size up got a few more months or so .
but want to get them purchased ahead of time .
like from like one major size to the next including in between sizes ?
hi i have karambit tiger tooth 0,02 fv with clean corners
wan na take a break from all the op male mc 's and start a series with a female lead .
i have read absolutely none before so list what you can ty love you all xx
hey folks after just coming out the other end of a broken screen saga i ended up just buying a second hand sp3 that was actually a step up from the broken one for less than the microsoft repair cost i want to get a protective sleeve for my sp3 .
i use the type cover and just want a sleeve that will go in my backpack plenty of space and protect it from incidental bumps and bruises .
the last one i just kept naked in the pack and i must have put it down to hard and it shattered at one of the corners .
so any suggestions on sleeves that serve to be a bit protective against everyday knocks on the edges would be great .
it 's usually padded by other bag contents on the flatter surfaces so just the edges need taking care of .
looking for some good reps of the omega speedmaster tried looking around rwi a bit but damn that site confuses me .
hey just discovered this sub as i 've spend hours and hours trying to find a solution to control the acoustics in my dome shaped practice room .
so far i 've got a carpet down covering the entire floor and 12 sound absorbing wood wool tiles mounted on the walls .
this helped a lot compared to when i just got the room with nothing in it the sound was crazy and it was difficult just talking to one another .
with the high notes on the guitar it 's not really that bad but as soon as i play the drums the sound is fucked .
i really need some help with what to do as i know nothing about this and it 's really hard to find any information online about what to do in dome shaped rooms .
and i 'd like to avoid rockwool absorbers due to health risks as i have no windows or anything i can open
it 's quite hard to capture properly with the iphone however .
houses are crazy prices right now however land is pretty cheap .
i 'm looking for a loan that will let me buy the land and put a pre manufactured house on it .
i have been approved for fha and conventional loan but i want to explore this option .
im busying using dokuwiki for internal documentation but i wanted to know how to remove the borders .
i know this is a hard question but you know what it 's like with the limited knowledge we have about the disease .
what has been your experience with the cause of death ?
this was back in 2004 in oxford journals at onset of the cause of death 78 of the subjects were completely dependent .
pneumonia was the most frequent cause of death 38 followed by sudden unexpected death 26 and asphyxia 12 . ''
my dad has bounced back from some serious episodes these last 18 years that after about 12 days in the hospital he 's back to normal .
this current time we 're 3 days in of some serious headaches and loss of memory and speech .
i already purchased procreate but i was wondering your top apps for the pencil .
i have tons of enchanted bows from my fishing farm .
can i give punch bows to skellys to use in farms without them using them up ?
i was inspired by docm 's recent farm design wondering if we can move the witches faster .
maybe add flame enchants for that trick he explained forcing them to drink a fire resistance potion which guarantees their death by fall dammage .
upbuilding discourses in various spirits is in the words of howard and edna hong the first yield in kierkegaard 's second authorship. kierkegaard had brought his first authorship to a close with concluding unscientific postscript which he originally intended to be his authorial finale .
but his literary skirmish with the corsair occasioned a change of heart and a return debut .
this work has received less attention both in scholarship and in general than the pseudonymous books https www.reddit.com/r/philosophy/comments/1o1cnb/on_the_existential_labyrinth_of_kierkegaardian and works of love .
but see jeremy walker 's 1973 book reflection on kierkegaard's purity of heart and the articles in the 2005 international kierkegaard commentary 15 ed .
as with most of kierkegaard 's other religious discourses but unlike the majority of his most popular works upbuilding discourses in various spirits is a signed work .
it consists of three parts 1 an occasional discourse which is the longest and often published separately as purity of heart is to will one thing pp .
3-154 2 what we learn from the lilies in the field and from the birds of the air three discourses pp .
155-212 and 3 the gospel of sufferings seven christian discourses pp .
in his preface to part one an occasional discourse pp .
socratic practitioner of maieutic that he is he claims that this discourse seeks that single individual https www.reddit.com/r/philosophy/comments/1dx5lc/søren_kierkegaard_and_his_reader_the_single who reads slowly reads repeatedly and who reads aloud—for his own sake i.e. not for the sake of the reading public —and encloses himself in the inwardness of appropriation. kierkegaard suggests that the work is to be a mere occasion for an encounter with the sacred .
he uses the analogy of a woman who works on a cloth for sacred use with all her heart and who would be deeply distressed if anyone were to focus either on her artistry or its defects .
what is important to her is instead the meaning that could never be directly https www.reddit.com/r/philosophy/comments/2nexmn/kierkegaards_concept_of_indirect_communication embroidered into the cloth itself but which can only arise when the one who beholds the cloth has forgotten her completely p. 5 .
kierkegaard 's self-depiction as one who steps aside for the sake of the reader 's free appropriation of truth is somewhat akin to johannes climacus ' revocation at the end of concluding postscript .
in each case the author steals away and you are left to read as you will and if you will .
this discourse is entitled on the occasion of a confession. the text is divided as follows opening prayer pp .
8-24 body of the work purity of heart is to will one thing. the latter is further divided part i if it is to be possible for a person to be able to will one thing he must will the good pp .
24-35 part ii if a person is really to will one thing in truth he must will the good in truth pp .
148-53 as well as a concluding prayer—a repetition of the earlier one pp .
next time kierkegaard 's opening/closing prayer for this first discourse—its form content and significance .
people seem to think that this game is completely linear while it may not be as non-linear as dark souls 1 it is still non linear.when you are in the high wall of lothric you can fight the dancer and proceed into the castle lothric and then go all the way to the gate of the grand archives but not in there.after beating the abyss watchers you can go into the catacombs or the cathedral of the deep.before fighting high lord wolnir you can go to an area or to another and there is even more .
tldr yes ds1 is more non-linear but people are exagerating on it being linear there are many places that you can choose to go to it 's not just one straight path .
i 'll try to keep this as short as possible .
i got on minecraft without looking at the trophies list beforehand and i start the tutorial to familiarize myself with the buttons since it 's different from pc .
i then decided to join a brand new world with my friend and saw that he had a texture on that i did n't buy so i figured that i would n't earn any trophies and did n't mind .
i was surprised however when i saw a notification pop-up for moar tools '' .
so i decided to look at the trophies list and saw that quite a few of trophies there should have been unlocked for me in the tutorial i know for a fact i opened my inventory like a billion times .
so then i tried loading my own world by myself again to see if any of the trophies would unlock but they did n't .
tried deleting the save data on system and online storage along with deleting the game and reinstalling it twice .
do n't know what to do cause now that 1 trophy percentage is bugging me .
update i should also note that i have received trophies for other games even after noticing that this happens with minecraft for me .
if anybody knows the proper people to contact for this please help .
maybe he woke up and said i 'm a millionaire .
i really do n't need to get my head punched in for money anymore . ''
i now have at least 22000000 experience points in the hunter skill .
is there a website or something that i can find out when a particular ios app reached its all-time download high in the top downloads ?
not sure if this is possible to find out easily but was curious if anyone knew .
out of all the players i have seen level 50 players have been the worst .
from c to a i 've seen these guys practically throw away ranked matches have the brain of a rock/sponge burn team spongebob and just generally avoid the objective like the plague .
i bet they 're all just sons/daughters of s rank players that snuck on killed their parents/older siblings rank making the parents/older siblings stop playing .
i 'm chigotlan here today for a quick and concise giveaway .
most likely finishing in under 12 hours the objective is to give me the best name for my youtube channel !
looking for something that sounds dank awesome and hopefully rhymes .
edit thanks everyone for their submissions each and every name was unique and amazing .
this giveaway is won by u/infinitymclol for his awesome submission .
thanks everyone for participating ill be back soon with another giveaway !
ive tried the uchikatana but im not a huge fan this time its slower .
i need something that scales well in dex and is buffable .
scimitar and rapier are useless against shileds because they ca n't kick .
sunsinger wearing sunbreaker gauntlets and full discipline and intellect with solar grenade/song of flame/viking funeral/touch of flame .
you can throw a ton of grenades with double grenade and still do dps but once you get your super it 's game over .
i quickly go into my menu and switch from viking funeral to longer lasting radiance while i super .
with this method you create orbs for everyone as well which also give you bonus score .
running a triple sunsinger build like this would be insane .
if the supers were timed right it would just be constant supers the whole time .
when i get tired of league or smite and am bored out of my mind all i want to do is play this game .
fixed a frequent client crash when interacting with text fields after bringing up the on-screen keyboard
added last used action set '' option to manual action set selection
fixed binding screen showing set action set option when the configuration was a native application or had no action sets .
this does n't seem to be a very deep edge rushing class especially for speed rushers .
my favorite is noah spence but he 's got off the field issues and i do n't know much about others ranked behind him .
who else should pace be targeting later in the draft for olb ?
what song from the entire bcs soundtrack across two seasons have you found to be your favorite ?
mine is find out what 's happening '' by bobby bare that we all heard in s1 03 when he ventures out into the albuquerque woods to look for the kettlemans .
my mom 's favorite is waltz around texas '' that we heard in amarillo this season because well she 's actually from amarillo texas and it reminded her of home .
i just wanted to put it out there that i 've noticed how different the ratings for products on sephora 's website are .
when i 'm looking on my phone android the product 's main page has one rating but when i click on the reviews it has a rating that is significantly lower .
there is also inconsistencies when looking at the same product from my phone to my ipad .
i 'm not sure if it 's intentional and i 'm not really here to make that assumption but i did just want to give everyone a heads up .
i do n't make reviews a deciding factor with all my purchases there but i do look at them .
so be sceptical of the star ratings on the sephora website if you 're not already as sometimes people give bad ratings for user error issues .
here http m.imgur.com/a/bzfnb is an album that shows what i 'm talking about a little better than i explained it .
the bottom 4 pics are the products on my ipad .
around the start of the year we 've had problems with random disconnects .
we 've had techs come out to the apartment several times and i have even had main line techs come out to check the lines .
i 'm lucky if it stays connected for more than 10 minutes .
it has disconnected and rebooted 3 times since opening this submission to write this .
whenever i call the reps just give me the same crap about power cycling .
they have no fucking clue what they are doing .
the line went down while he was looking at the modem .
hooked it up to his handheld checked the signal and power cycled the modem said you 're good '' and left .
suddenlink is hot fucking garbage and have no idea what they are doing .
i am so very close to losing my mind .
seriously this company can burn to the ground and it would be the happiest day of my life .
hi my background is applied maths and i have a masters in computational fluid dynamics .
i 've spent over 3 years now using fea codes to do thermal analysis and i 'd like to branch out and learn about stress .
if it helps i 'm based in the uk .
i learn best if there are good diagrams i like to visualise the problem before i see equations .
so i am currently a sophomore in high school .
i 've liked a girl for quite some time now and its been long enough for me to think about it and realize that i want to ask out this girl .
but the thing is i do n't know her to well and she does n't have any classes with me .
i see her almost everyday walking from class to class we make solid eye contact from afar but then if i make eye contact from a closer distance she will pan her head away and try looking again .
i heard this could be a sign of attraction but you never know in high school .
but that is n't the reason i made this post the reason i did is because i do n't know when to ask her out or where to .
like i said we have no classes together so i cant really get to know her unless i talked to her during a 15 minute break or lunch .
but i feel awkward going up to her in-front of her and all her friends .
i could tell her friends i like her but i feel like that might not be the way to get her .
or i can just wait and go up to her when shes alone and ask for her number and talk or text and meet her like that .
i do n't know what to do and i was wondering if anyone could give me advice on what i should do .
btw this girl is n't out of my league if any of you were wondering
i took my two weiner dogs little foot and rufio for a walk yesterday in a greenbelt by my house .
as we were walking i heard some rustling in the bushes and my immediate reaction was 'oh no a rogue is gon na steal my phone ' .
so i went home got on my one and went rogue hunting .
examples rolling stones you ca n't always get what you want https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=j7leqb_oe_k .
i have done a few nights of testing with my finala 's peril
i feel that the hammer forge perk does more for the gun than rifled barrel landing more head shots than with rifled barrel .
with hammer forge i get range of 49 and rifled barrel 61 i do notice more of a drop off with hammer forge but still landing those headshots .
i know that omolon hand cannons do not have this option my favorite brand but for anyone who is interested to know this and dismantling the hammer forged hand cannons may be making a mistake .
the app is shit the build is shit and the customer service is shit .
inter-rail tickets give you unlimited travel for a set period of time .
when i was 18 i travelled all around central europe for a month it was awesome .
possibly 'gave ' i had one about ten years ago not sure if they still exist .
we must pray to him for 6.87 our mmr and riki picks
how many sales do you have to make to get this salary
as it is one my fav weapons to pap and get dead wire on for high runs i havent seen anyone mentioning that it is now buyable from the wall in the 115-meteor/green 115 water area .
up the catwalk next to the big door where you can here the scream .
thought it was pretty nice to share for those not knowing feel like its too easy now to get the icr .
from this thread i saw it is referred to as psychedelic cocaine .
i recently tried 20mg plugged and 10mg snorted and this felt even better than mxe or super close to the same feeling except more cold .
i have a huge disso tolerance as well so please do not try these doses if you are a dirgin .
how can a start-up grow by 20 every month during the 1st after launch year ?
i need some good outbound sales inbound or business tips to skyrocket my growth .
i managed to start sfv but the performance is really bad i only get 60 fps on really low settings
i checked that sfv is using the nvidia gpu with gpushark because that seemed to be the problem for many other people on the internet
or is it just normal that i get that bad of a performance in sfv ?
seen alot of these voidwalker grenade builds over the past few days and datto even put a video out .
well yesterday i decided to run this week coe with some friends and thought i would give the build a try .
got out my 280m nothing manacles from the vault stuck a pair of 318 gauntlets i had spare and equipped them .
the perks you want on are scatter grenade soul rip the hunger and embrace the void .
my intellect is 249 and discipline is 255 so i was n't full as it could be .
this has to be the most fun ive spent with a warlock in a long time especially since this week coe has increase grenade recharge .
by the time i through 1 grenande my 2nd had already recharged .
here 's a stats page of my score compared to my friends .
go out and give this build a try its super fun and stuffs .
she chases my feet all the time i walk outside of my room and bites it .
it 's very annoying i try my very best not to spank her .
this time i sat beside her to pet for a while .
she saw a hole in my shorts and bit my thigh .
i got angry and accidentally hit her in the face .
i know it 's a bad thing to hit your dog.. but how do i tell her not to bite on things without resulting to physical force when letting out a big hiss '' does n't even stop her from doing it .
it 's been a month already since the last flair statistics update so here 's some updated statistics on the flairs .
if you 're not interested in statistics this thread is probably not for you
also new flair submissions are open just leave a comment with the flair you would like to be added .
once again every comment that reaches 15 upvotes will be considered to be added .
flair usage has increased with 21 or 102 new flairs .
546 of the 581 flairs are assigned to users which means 35 staff-members '' and reddit mods .
two special flairs were added for joel rubin '' jeremy '' .
which means the userflair usage has increased with 22 or 100 new flairs .
the most popular flair is still '' has a point .
with the runner up being '' mmhhmm santa ... '' 79 users
the table below shows the full flair list including what flairs are most popular and how popular they are compared to last month .
also here 's a cool graph http imgur.com/taf9tql for further clarification .
new flair submissions are open just leave a comment with the flair you would like to be added .
once again every comment that reaches 15 upvotes will be considered to be added .
hi i am new to chrome have been using it for couple of days .
on starting up chrome i have set open the new tab page '' .
and i ca n't seem to find notification bell that used to be top right of screen .
so where are the big gains in the bank and where are the bear traps ?
estimated year of release i remember playing it around 2008-2012
you could steal '' clothes off npcs and wear them but have no actual wardrobe inventory .
only way to change clothes is to find an npc and switch clothes .
at this moment i am looking for a new storage solution for our dc .
our current solution is based on 2 unit active/active iscsi cluster running open-e dss7 .
it performed good but now we are running into its limitations like on the fly storage expension .
also the performance is becoming more and more a bottleneck as we are running about 70 hyper-v virtual machines on the cluster .
i have been looking at storage spaces and did some initial testing that gave good results .
what i need is about 15-20tb of storage but if more storage is needed i can add it on the fly .
as fast as possible as i also want to add 1 or 2 sql servers with around 150gb of db 's to the virtual machine pool .
well something is weird because when you raid you try to use the less resources as possible and get as max profit as possible .
my base is honeycombed shape 1st and 2nd layer metal sheet .
my cupboard was sealed in the center of the building with armour walls .
how did they knew my loot was in that particular place ?
sorry about the images quality i check my base every morning in my office computer which sucks
dont know if is important or not just asked on chat if they knew the guy who killed me apparently he have a hacker friend .
typing in the dark is easier if i just look away for some reason .
the most painful thoughts seem to catch me when my head hits the pillow no matter how tired i am .
bubs will die and i prolly will not know until it 's too late .
the ex and some friends or some new lover their hidden annoyance or whatever when i show up .
but i think deep down i ca n't let myself get attached .
maybe even fully blind inside of just one eyed .
i 'd like to think she 'd recognize me and that thought tears up heart open .
i let it ride just under unbearable till i can get some peace .
i once had her on the leash and she walked away from me which was odd because she 's so good at heel .
i realized it 'd just rained and though i just across the grass she wanted to be on the dryer sidewalk .
hell any memory i had i smile about when it comes to that dog .
even when she ate half a branch and got constipated .
i loved a dog for the first time in almost 20 years .
and though i know she 's still kicking and chewing on her toys she wo n't be some day .
i had an adorable puppy come into my life .
it 's painful so very painful to think about her passing .
that i wo n't get to see her romp about with the grace of a linebacker .
that i wo n't get to throw a ball for her .
i miss her so damn much that it crushes me .
i had a nightmare a long time ago bubs drowned and i had to hold her afterward .
now i have these constant reminders that i wo n't get a chance to kiss her between the eyes and muss her face and just love on her .
i keep thinking about her dying sure it 's years off but something makes me think about it when i try to sleep sometimes .
incidentally i realized the day with a mild sneer .
such a day and people will bring up one point or another .
i do n't know alot of comic book canon .
most of my knowledge comes from the shows and movies but this looks exactly like how the darkness/darkseid started in smallville .
the eyes are done pretty much exactly the same .
i could n't find a clip of the voice but i think it was similar .
and the darkness '' is what they called it in smallville before they knew it was darkseid .
they showed us now how jay hunter became a speedster and it was exactly the same way barry did large electric shock during accelerator explosion .
there 's no explanation for why he would have the black eyes and crazy voice which to me sound very clearly different than barry 's vibration voice '' or the ability to somehow ramp up his power out of nowhere beyond what they all knew including wells who is basically an expert on everything zoom .
wells even gave a confident response that barry was now faster than zoom when caitlin said he was 4 times faster than before .
then when they asked zoom why he ran around as the flash he said he did it to give people hope so he could then rip it away from them .
this goes along with basically everything that darkseid is the smallville version at least he feeds on corrupting people basically .
we know all the various shows and movies use different canon anyway so darkseid being defeated in smallville does n't really mean anything .
even if they were to connect the two i do n't believe he was actually killed '' or destroyed just driven away .
i 've seen noone else mention it so maybe i 'm missing something ?
i was edging for last two days but not released i did look at tumblr but i resisted the temptation .
i need to delete tumblr however i am sleeping fine i am less angry towards people and i dont get exhausted easily .
i did smoke a pack of cig this week but i smoked in about 2 months again i am stopping that too i am not craving it so its a good sign .
i am sweating a lot and i feel hot at times i do sleep naked in my bed but sweating is little more common now but before nofap it wasnt much .
confident level are elevated like shit and my mind tends to think quicker .
weight issue seems to be going away and i can see my weight dropping slowly .
during the first danny hebert interlude i thought taylor 's dad may have been scion .
for the last couple of days i 've been having issues with my home pc .
this blue screen has appeared twice forcing restart both times while playing the game ruse and both times after a few minutes of odd graphics faults like all lines suddenly filling the screen with block of colour split screening the map adding static coloured noise like haze .
when playing shogun 2 total war the screen went block grey then full of coloured noise and when on firefox the screen had big blocks of purple hatching over it .
very strange and very varied issues all with display .
i tried rolling back the driver for the graphics card and doing that means the issues do not occur but i ca n't launch any games or steam when i do that .
reinstalling the latest driver led to the issues happening again .
i also opened up the case and cleaned a little dust and fluff from the fans on the pc and graphics card as it had been about 6 months since i did that last .
my computer is 5 years old and this is the first time i 've had any issues like this .
any advice or help you could offer would be greatly appreciated .
i 'm advertising some libraries i 've developed for working with speech data .
praatio provides tools for reading and writing files used by praat a cross-platform application used mainly by the academic community for visualizing transcribing editing and extracting information from speech data .
the primary function of this library is reading and writing transcripts .
these transcripts can then be used to extract information from speech files .
the library facilitates working with praat but can be used without praat too .
promo short for prosody morph is a library for making sophisticated manipulations in duration or pitch of sound files .
one could stretch out individual words for example or change the intonation of a statement into that of a question .
pysle is a python interface to the isle dictionary a pronunciation dictionary for english that includes stress information .
using pysle one can automatically mark stress in transcribed speech .
there is a function that uses praatio to markup textgrids with stress information .
both praatio and promo were projects that spun out of pyacoustics .
it 's pretty cluttered but has various tools that you might find useful if you need to extract information from or modify speech data .
edit 2 each library comes with example code demonstrating functionality and the readme files contain documentation on core features use installation etc .
i have done falcon lost hard mode several times i have n't done cm yet .
if you have a group running for cm mode and need extra loot .
i have 198 gs but that does n't matter decreased it a bit to use 4/4 sentry bonus .
i ca n't find a decent group in the game everyone is looking for glitch or exploit so posting here .
so i wanted to ask if there is a place on the internet where i can look up data about credit default swap .
i am interested in european market more specifically european nations data .
i 've never lived there but my last two girl friends were french and they had nothing but bad things to say about paris .
there are definitely valid reasons for not liking paris .
i 've never heard of having to pay taxes on an item ?
i recently planted three trees on our communal lawn that i propagated from a tree that i earlier propagated from another tree .
every lopped branch is a new tree in a couple of years !
cheeky commentator man of the match vurnon anita ... for a brilliant cross ''
ok i 'm surprised that 's not acknowledged with an elf inquisitor period .
that 's pretty much like a huge chunk of dorian 's personality itself that is just missing .
i mean ok if the book was written after dai there 's no way to make changes to the game but they had to know about that .
not that many planned additions left a few russian modules are sceduled for launch in the next few years but they have been that way for some years and they are to provide lab capacity to the russian segment which currently is almost 100 lifesupport and other support systems engines tanks etc .
there are always enough soyus capsules docked to the iss to get all astronauts down and if there is any danger the astronauts camp out in the soyus capsules .
the main weakness there is the end security of the database server .
although you 've established who has voted ensured they only vote once and separated their vote from their identity the last step is the actual count and ensuring there is no malware compromising the tally service and changing the value of votes being fed to it or out and out just changing votes in the database .
which is basically the same problem you would have with paper removing a ballot paper for a and replacing it with a ballot for b .
except if you once gain access to a database it 's easier to change far more votes than swapping out physical ballots .
some speak about potential new black holes in the vicinity after too many quantum travels .
isis does the things they do because of their faith .
stalin and mao did n't do anything in the name of atheism because atheism has no doctrine .
because he still gives a big bonus to non-dark units ?
i 'd disagree they were absolutely hilarious and boosted the attention on his new album as a result .
and kanye is hated by everyone apart from those who actually listen/study him a bit give him a listen and you 'll likely change your view i did .
is that seriously the best you can come up with ?
traffic 's been awful for years and frankly given the sheer scale of the population and the recent economic growth more and more people are driving .
uhm mine took 1 min on steam but if you dont use steam it is faster .
i recently moved countries and it was something i 'd experienced only occasionally back home but hear/witness several times a day here .
people were complaining all over comment sections about scs not doing anything useful and to they responded with something absolutely pointless but fun .
you should have already started to gather mwa never too early to do it .
regarding the vm7 vs vm6 vm7 has almost 5 more attack modifier than vm6 for tanks with all other stats being the same and 10 for dps dps has damage from behind on vm6 vm7 does not have it which will bring down difference to about 3
starfall will have a 9 buff to the modifiers and lose pvp damage from behind .
assuming accessories are cutter necklace edgetock ring and corvette ring and quickcarve brooch .
modifier from accessories is 574 neck 345 brooch 576 corvette 548 edge 2043
vm7+2043 vm6 post buff 2043 1 100 4.5 increase in modifiers
if someone know how power affects the modifier i would like to know it so make the calculations more accurate .
assuming only the weapon is changed and the weapon has the same damage and using these https www.reddit.com/r/teraonline/comments/44v7g0/how_to_calculate_damage_differences_of_weapon formulas everything other than the attackmodratio stays the same so the difference is only given by it and the effect of the others add to 1 no change so the increase is the one mentioned above 4.5 .
some people say that vm7 will be between 8 to 10 so search a bit to have a better understanding of the nuance in it .
if you 're including marketing for bvs then would n't it be fair to include deadpool 's ?
considering how much deadpool was marketed i would n't be surprised if the marketing budget was similar to bvs so deadpool would probably be close to 200 million .
we need a better iron spider figure and then we can talk about getting black suit spidey 2099 future foundation etc .
my tax dollars go to tons of shit i do n't support frankly most of it probably does that 's a weak argument .
the new york primary is set up the way it is because they want actual democrats to decide their nominee .
how is it so much different from the spring cleaner in what it does ?
where did surana hear the tale of the crows vs the grey wardens from ?
what did she think antiva was like based on that story ?
was there anything about antiva that interested her when she learned about it from josephine ?
are there any decisions that vorona made during the early days of the inquisition that she would want to redo after she changed ?
and how far would she make it as a serial killer ?
i 'm not bitching at him on twitter or anything .
i respect him as a wrestler but i think in real life he 's kind of a douche based on what i 've seen .
and feeding and protecting widows and orphans is a direct order to the church is it not ?
why is it that you believe anyone liberal or even moderate are less concerned with salvation and less christlike than you are ?
do n't you see how hypocritical and ridiculous that is ?
there are millions if not billions of liberal and moderate christians who are just as concerned with salvation as they are protecting the weak .
if you put every person from a stereotype that you have in your mind in the same pot do n't be surprised when you 're proven dead wrong .
do n't judge an entire group of people based on your politics .
if i was his boss i would fire him so quickly his head would spin .
i watched a ton of loudwire interviews with many different bands and he is sooo boring !
my friends have started to refer to this as pulling a perfection-101
please see re-read our rules on the sidebar https www.reddit.com/r/lifeprotips/about/sidebar and make sure you are not in violation of any of them .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/lifeprotips if you have any questions or concerns .
that 's a similar argument to the one i have i tend at the moment to write in a very late-romantic style which i do n't do intentionally it is my musical language .
my argument has always been that the techniques i am taught in university composition modules whilst useful to use now and then if used all the time inhibit expression severely and expression should always be the ultimate goal of music .
i would also point out that of the composers who ignored the innovations of the second viennese school whether by choice or force and continued composing tonal romantic music well into the 20th century you have such names as richard strauss rachminaniov shostakovich and prokofiev .
these composers are hardly seen as pastiching and their music was the most popular of the 20th century and in many ways still is .
tl dr tonal music has more of a place now than it ever has the only music that should get decried is that which is dull and uninteresting but music does not have to sound bad or complex to be interesting .
a very mediocre 27 str and 25 dex right now and even with those stats it has an ar of just under 500 .
it scales c/c with strength and dex so at 40/40 i 'm sure it 'll be somewhere near 600 .
it 's upgraded to 10 too which surely helps .
linux has support for 2181 http store.steampowered.com/search ? term sort_by=_asc os=linux page=1 sort_by=_asc category1=998 os=linux page=1 games out of the 8602 http store.steampowered.com/search ? term sort_by=_asc os=linux page=1 sort_by=_asc category1=998 page=1 available on steam .
ps4 has 494 games available xbox one has 316 https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_playstation_4_games https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_xbox_one_games .
ps4 can play 28 ps2 games https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_playstation_2_games_for_playstation_4 while entire ps2 library is available to linux through pcsx2 .
xbox one has some xb360 titles most already playable on pc .
and if your problem with piracy was technical support then you could just spend 15 dollar on a gray market windows key and get access to over 17 times a larger library than either consoles .
adelaide to melbourne being a pretty common one which is also a short trip 900kms .
also google maps is telling me adelaide to melbourne is 725 km .
played one session of hj on monday night man it was fantastic fun .
panic reloading the guns is tense especially when cowering behind cover .
for example there is an intro deck that has tireless tracker 2 boosters .
if he got the intro decks for less than msrp and flipped the trackers while they were going for 8 each then he could still be making a profit selling the boosters that cheaply .
why is nate not pissed off he 's lost his fight ?
will he still get his 500k for fighting someone else on the card ?
waiting for battleborn dishonored 2 overwatch mirrors edge and uncharted 4 .
i 'm not so sure people will be remembering bill cosby so much for his amazing early stand-up fifty years from now .
that sigh could be interpreted more than one way ...
vår västerländska rättssäkerhet bör självfallet bara gälla västerlänningar utomeuropeiska invandrare som deltar i gruppvåldtäkter på svenska kvinnor är inte värda ett skit och förtjänar inget annat än döden .
sedan är det totalt oväsentligt på exakt vilket sätt just den här negern har deltagit faktum är att han var på plats och att han har inte hjälpt rättsväsendet att få de övriga sju dömda .
stegling eller blodsörn är ett lämpligt straff för dessa avskum .
there 's a difference between supporting gay marriage and not actively fighting against it .
i can no longer spend the energy to tailor assumptions i will simply speak from my heart and who hears it will hear it .
i 'm really sorry if you thought i wanted you to tailor your words to my assumptions .
i feel like we would n't be so disagreeable to each other 's points if we we 're communicate in real time or better in person .
forgive me for being so adamant about my perspective if we had time to really talk you would understand why i am this way .
you are right that i have a lot of darkness that i am dealing with right now and that my mind is quite full but i think you may have made some assumptions about the how and the why that are untrue .
you say my path has too much to study and it is not universally accessible .
this makes me think you do n't really understand my path very well .
i have always approached the work from a place of curiosity and following the connections that resonated deeply with me .
it does n't matter where you start your study what 's important is knowing the phenomenon you hope to understand or the challenge you hope to overcome .
any path of coming to know the facets of your being and cultivating a capacity to understand more will provide you with tools to do the great work .
the problem as you point out is avoiding the analysis paralysis of picking the right tools and wasting your time browsing when you should be forging your divine spark into a vessel that can take you to the stars both spiritually and in the attainment of your material goals for success .
i think records of the theory and practice that others have used to reach deeper understandings of the cosmos throughout time is fertile source material for any student that wants to understand the tools of the trade especially important if you do not have natural aptitude for vision .
if you think i pour over moldy tomes and repeat ancient incantations then you have not looked much at the material i 've already posted on this sub .
i read everything you post and all your comments to others .
i 'm trying deeply to understand where you 're coming from .
but it does n't seem you are making the same effort for others .
most of your comments in this conversation thread seem focused on getting me to understand things as you intended them to be heard .
listening to understand is a critical skill as you have pointed out .
but the value for understanding must be held by all parties and practiced equitably if you want to have an equitable conversation .
it is up to each individual to assess and adjust how well they show up for a conversation .
there is also nothing wrong with someone speaking up when they feel like their contributions are being cast aside or falsely portrayed .
i 'm sorry if i 've somehow put your words in an uncharitable light .
by expressing how they came across to me i was only hoping to open a path to dialog .
but written text is a crummy tool for dialog it is meant for one way communication so it was probably wrong for me to expect more than text is designed to produce .
your path requires time to follow and my path requires no time at all .
i would invite you to reflect on this statement you made .
have n't you expressed to us that you did a lot of work on yourself before the past three years of really working with your guides ?
how is that not a temporal journey through your life as you came to the understanding of this path you follow now ?
for me it has never been as easy as look and you shall behold the light ! ''
like you i had to do a lot of work on myself .
i also needed to understand how others had accessed mystical states so that i could figure out how to enter those states myself .
i did not have the ability to just close my eyes and connect to guides i had to practice the skills .
from this perspective that different people have different capacities to generate positive emotions and to enter mystical states there are access barriers in your path as well that make it less than universal .
it is as you say unique to each incarnation which path will best facilitate positive development .
i am trying to understand your words regardless of whether you believe i 'm selectively reading your posts .
it should n't really matter whether i am or not .
as long as we both stay focused on equitable dialogue we can work past many limitations of text .
i hope you would agree we could both do better on that point .
he genuinely supports in campaign finance reform which would result in a cut of advertising dollars for future campaigns .
political advertising is the bread and butter for most media .
discussing things on reddit how silly and clearly obsessive of us lol .
b r i n g h i m b a c k https i.imgur.com/sqiajwx.png
i used an lg g3 before moving to a lumia 735 .
i bought the paid version but the free version is good too !
like korea with samsung red in eu huni gamsu others .
riot did n't want every region to become korea part 2 3 etc .
what to do with teams that already had 3 foreigners ?
rules were too complicayed no one on reddit understood like now .
so all foreign players in season 4 got to choose their region this year .
santorin was playing challenger in na in season 4 .
the game is dragon 's dogma dark arisen which i thought was different from the original game dragon 's dogma that i bought a few months after its release .
it 's not at some point capcom re-released the game with some added content but it 's still the same core game same data and achievements .
i did n't want 2 copies of the same game just with one having some extra content .
and i got my refund while keeping my physical copy i just sent them an email proving i own another copy .
the onion alliance were the heroes of gabon ! ! !
sushie should never have flipped on markus and do n't tell me to shut up .
either the poster is an abuse victim and angry as hell
just extremely intellectually dishonest so much so that she 's managed to buy her own bullshit .
what if all these money issues are just a pre-written drama fueled story ?
wwe is like daytime drama shows and the ufc is like some hbo/netflix drama type show .
i think i smoked too much weed tonight ... .
i use twitonomy it 'll give you all their tweets in a spreadsheet but it is a paid service .
i have n't been able to find a free one .
inb4 corsair takes control of the entire planet and everything non-rgb is against the law .
people wearing rgb clothes drinking rgb coffee out of rgb mugs that they toss in rgb garbage cans that are emptied by rgb garbage trucks .
headlights on cars flash in 16.8 million colors and traffic accidents are up 10000 in just a month .
signs cant be read due to rgb license plates cant be noted down thanks to rgb .
people get seizures left and right and babies have to live with rgb diapers .
all food is rgb people are ingesting rgb leds every day .
eye strain is unreal everyone is clawing their eyes out and an outrage starts to form ...
the people rise against the supreme rgb overlords that are ruining their lives .
they wield weapons with no lighting or only single color lighting .
their weapons are nothing against the enemies rgb armor with hue enchantments giving 500 attack .
andy paul rises from his rgb throne wearing his massive rgb crown .
he stampedes into the few remaining non-rgb warriors swinging his schimitars and k70 's all around he truly is unstoppable .
the last remaining non-rgb warrior kneels before the rgb overlord and andy paul chokes him with the finest of rgb led strips .
if the issue presents itself essentially immediately after login this may be the issue .
why would the government want to see dick pics ?
i think people are so weirdly paranoid about that .
keep your face out of it and there 's really very little to worry about .
the government does not care about your dick pics .
what kind of things do you do in bed ?
tell us about the last time you all fucked .
buddy of mine in 1604/bandera road area sent me pics that night of cue ball sized hail .
the only difference between screwing around and science is writing it down '' the mythbusters .
despite me not liking bvs i still think love the job terrio has done .
i have seen it described as cringy which is nonsense .
it 's hard to tell who is at fault for what but until i read the bvs script snyder seems like the one to blame to me .
i read the argo script and it was excellent .
having more marksmen per team does n't mean adc in a op role either it means there are marksmen who are clearly built reworked in some cases to suit non-adc roles better .
kindred was release jungler corki rework trinity reowork made him a mid .
so while certain marksmen got buffs and their build paths made better our champion pool decreased .
unless you 're maining something or at low elo where logic rarely applies you have 5 options for adc sivir jhin lucian ez blue build only and kalista .
all other roles have more variety in their selection we get 5 champions and still get 1 hit by a tank ekko .
yea i am going to trust a comic about the social issues facing the word let alone a shit stain like stanhope .
i like his comedy but he is the last person i would go to for reliable information .
it 's still a little too low in the rear but i 'm riding full soft at the moment and it 's been great .
i still need to get it aligned and then i might be able to tell you better then !
i think they 've made it clear they want it to be that way in regards to ttu .
ttk is an issue i do n't think they 've even considered .
maybe they want to be paid the same as unskilled laborers 30-40 years ago ?
cu has a metric fuckton of opportunities for undergrads to do research compared to some other schools so definitely use that to your advantage .
it could mean the difference of your med school admission .
then why do more people hate the cavs than the warriors ?
only cavs and spurs fans really hate the warriors .
to neutrals yes they are cocky but they are n't nearly as hated as other super teams such as the seahawks yankees or patriots .
do n't know which sites but secondary range is available in api as well which is accessible from web and in sheets of few people .
api however does not have type of secondary guns it contains only total number and 1 ap shell .
i know someone is arguing with you on your first point but i 'm a huge fan of pc gaming and local multiplayer is the one reason i have a console .
it 's just so much simpler and cheap to get 4-8 people playing in your living room .
pc is working on it qnd there are options of course but consoles definitely win that right now .
this seems to be the latest in a long line of game exploits
rule 0 no threads that are answered by the wiki or by searching https www.reddit.com/r/fitness/wiki/rules wiki_0._no_threads_that_are_answered_by_the_wiki_or_searching
after reviewing your post it appears that most or all of your questions can be answered by our wiki link http www.reddit.com/r/fitness/wiki/index especially the faq link http www.reddit.com/r/fitness/wiki/faq and getting started link http www.reddit.com/r/fitness/wiki/getting_started sections or by doing a search of past threads .
if you have a question that is covered but you need more clarification ask it in the moronic monday or foolish friday threads .
or one of the other handy-dandy weekly threads in the sidebar
please take the time to read these resources thoroughly as what you need to know can be found there .
feel free to make a new thread if you have more specific questions that are not answered by the wiki .
i was trying to be vague too but i fully understand you
i agree with you though i 'm curious how op they 'll make them if at all dependent on how many unique '' links they have between them .
i cut through a shopping center parking lot everyday just to avoid sitting at a light for 2 minutes .
what has naomi done in the competition so far that deserves any kind of backlash after she 's eliminated ?
you 're acting like she would 've been robbed .
yes these were ground resonance tests done to stress the shithook till it 's breaking point .
all aircraft that are tested are purposely destroyed for science !
i think over packing is one of the biggest problems i come across my group of friends .
some of them just ca n't let go of things people end up bringing multiples of the same thing .
carrying wine is heavy a 3l adds 12 lbs !
thankfully we had learned from previous trips and packed proper clothing and extras to layer up .
we left a 40 oz thermos in the god damn car .
my friend left the dehydrated meat in the car as well so we had to cut the trip short since we ran out of food .
also estimating how much you can hike a day .
i wish i could credit the user who i found it from but i ca n't remember .
essentially what i do is blend some instant coffee some ice cubes almond milk and my chocolate protein powder taste great .
it 's admittedly hard to tell due to everything that was happening during that scene but it seems as though the bite itself was perfunctory .
nagini strikes '' or lunges '' several times but it 's not clear how often she actually makes contact with harry 's skin .
she mostly seems to use her size to keep harry in place .
harry ca n't escape because nagini 's attack knocked his wand out of his hand and he 's too distracted by the massive snake hitting him in the face with her tail doing her best to bite him again crushing him with her weight dealing with flying debris and generally creating chaos .
and all of this is happening in a small cluttered bedroom with very little light .
many venomous snakes can bite without releasing venom and a perfunctory bite like that could easily be a dry bite . ''
the longer the snake holds onto you or the more it chews the more venom is usually released .
when harry wakes up hours later mind you both he and hermione are more focused on the horcrux that nagini 's weight and voldemort 's anger burned into his chest .
i could n't get the horcrux off you '' hermione said and he knew she wanted to change the subject .
you 've got a mark i 'm sorry i had to use a severing charm to get it away .
the snake bit you too but i 've cleaned the wound and put some dittany on it ... ''
and as others have mentioned it makes sense that nagini would n't release venom or try to hold onto harry because she was n't trying to kill him .
she just wanted to keep him distracted long enough for voldemort to arrive .
he did appeal to 600 extra voters in the state of florida .
it 's just that these people were turned away from the polls by jeb bush and katherine harris in a contemptible act of voter suppression .
yes the suppression effects will still be cleansed but remember there is a leash on the damage component so unless you move out of range you continue to take damage .
if someone called the ref an idiot would you be mad ?
im sure there were kids who failed stuff in school and who were made fun of for it
or what if someone told another player they were bad at hockey i 'm sure lots of kids were treated poorly for being bad athletes
mac users can use all mods that the pc community can as long as it does n't use a .exe installer .
chances are the same goes for you if you 're over 25 .
sadly it 's extremely rare that a dog lives into its 20s .
there are only a handful of dogs documented to have lived that long .
it 's very likely that there are others but here https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_oldest_dogs are the known documented ones .
you can set yourself up as a contractor i would n't even go with any type of corporation llc scorp just do business as a single proprietor .
the problem is you will get very heavily taxed on your stated income depending on where you live think up to 30 40 .
depending on how much you make its also a good idea to pay your taxes on a quarterly basis vs eoy .
yes there are the benefits of write offs but you have to be very aware of write off and how much because you 're in a sketchy business .
if you were to go this route i would highly recommend getting an accountant as well .
i just maybe got into something similar and my live-in partner had a good talk with me last night where we calmly gamed out some worst case scenarios and it really helped .
just being able to say okay there are three likely ways that this can go .
i have n't decided what i 'm going to do yet but i could live with any of these outcomes '' made me feel a lot more in control of the situation .
some advice that i got once that helps me stop catastrophizing is to game out the thing that i 'm afraid will happen in such a way that it causes the end of the world .
so this mono guy and i will start dating and i 'll catch big feelings at which point he 'll immediately leave me for someone he can settle down '' with .
i 'll go on an eat pray love style trip to soothe my grief .
since i 'm too sad to do my research i 'll make a social misstep in a high conflict area that awakens existing tensions triggering violence and bloodshed .
it certainly puts the potential for romantic heartbreak into perspective .
i think blade flurry probably limited design space by being too good .
now anytime you print a weapon or a weapon buff oil you do n't have to intentionally undertune it because 2x blade flurry is a given in every rogue deck .
i actually resubbed last month and guild shopped till i found one i fit in with .
i just hit 100 and am enjoying having so much to do .
not looking to make any alts anytime soon but when i do ...
30 years a gamer here and 20 years of working in it besides .
large scale false positives can happen but are rare .
7 urges the united nations security council to take such further action as may be necessary to protect civilians in libya from attack including the possible imposition of a no-fly zone over libyan territory
trust me i do n't think the game 's perfect far from it .
the pricing for the dlc is absolutely insane etc. etc .
i was annoyed at the relative lack '' of heroes/villains too but i 've grown to think that they actually suit or could suit if they 're played well a tactical purpose as opposed to the old-bf style of i'm-just-going-to-rush-in-and-kill-everyone-with-a-lightsaber ! ''
i just do n't think the game is absolute dog-shit .
i have fun with it in a casual way because the audio/visual aspect makes it feel like sw like i have n't felt in years .
we 're not shopping him because we love him as a quality backup but the jags have chad henne on a 2 year 8 million contract .
i very much doubt that he necessarily wants to be a starter at this point in his career because he probably could have shopped himself around a little harder and gotten a bigger deal .
but if he really wanted another chance to possibly contend for a starting position i think caldwell might be willing to trade him for a mid round pick or two .
in your case the character that explains the lore is n't introduced only for this purpose is he/she ?
also it 's not breaking current events or taking a huge amount of time to explain or does it ?
my complaint focuses on a few points but very important to me
lack of adequacy of the length of explanation vs current events the character explaining the lore should be brief if they are in the middle of a pursuit/action it lacks belief that it can go on and on for 30 pages while things are going on and people is searching for them and disconnects the reader from past events there 's only that much that can be stored in the readers memory specially if they read on their way to work or before going to sleep .
stops any momentum the book may have gained sometimes it 's hard to get rolling with a book and when things start getting into motion a sudden stop to present something new may put readers off .
then momentum needs to be built again which not all authors do and just continue where they were as if the lore exposition was an afterthought .
there are better ways to introduce new information without the need to completely stop the flow of the book like people doing some comments about that thing '' as if it was something they still remember and would have been an important part of their life or giving a rant about it in the middle of a conversation where two characters are of conflicting opinions or even having one of those joking characters who makes a dark reference to it in order to introduce the back story .
point is it can be done gradually to avoid a 20 page brick in the middle of the book so it can be slowly introduced even if it 's just part of the characters back story or it starts as anecdotal stuff and if it needs to be explained in a bit more depth it does n't feel like it splits the story in two distinct parts but rather that it 's seen as the natural progression of the events and something that emerges from the character 's past as in makes memories more vivid makes the character re-live it basically it makes him/her react to something which can be used to build and evolve the character too .
i 'm quite sure that it 's mostly preference and it depends on at what stage of the book the explanation is given and how long it is but as an example having a deep explanation of why an evil '' character did what he did by the end of the book is ok it can add tremendously but if it 's in the middle of the book while lots of stuff is happening and you get such info dump out of a deus ex character it trows me off big time as it feels like the writer did not plan the structure of the book at all and shoehorned the lore in as an afterthought because else the rest of the book does n't make sense .
the bosses in ds3 are incredibly difficult if you 're not using a few cheese weapons .
just running into a knight can use several estus flasks .
long gone the employee that was responsible was terminated and since then we 've taken steps to make sure that something like that can never happen again .
we regularly submit audits to an industry leading third party specialist in order to ensure your privacy and safety .
you 'd probably have been better off consulting an epidemiologist about that .
i have n't read the paper but the linda example sounds familiar and i do n't know about you but i find looking at it mathematically helpful .
if you want to find the probability of two things that are independent events happening together the probability is the probability of the first multiplied by the probability of the second .
since all probabilities are between 0 and 1 the product of two probabilities multiplied by each other can only be smaller or the same as either of the initial probabilities and they can only be the same if the probability of one or both events is 1 .
the probability of linda being a bank teller or a feminist is not 1 therefore the probability that she is both is smaller than the probability of either on their own .
for example say there 's a fifty-fifty chance of her being a bank teller and a fifty-fifty chance of her being a feminist .
then the probability of her being both is 0.50*0.50=0.25 .
so there is a 1 in 4 chance she is both .
the likelihood of her being both can never be greater than either on its own .
with adequate framing however people will mistakenly put the probability of both higher than the probability of her being just a bank teller indicating we are irrational .
probabilities are assigned like this say you have a 1 in a hundred chance of something ?
if you had 1 in 1 chance that 's 1/1 or 1 .
if you had a 1 in 2 chance that 's ½ or 0.50 .
that because a player was n't punished a year or two ago whenever it happened that a totally unrelated incident should be treated the same way ?
edit hah the response below me is yes that 's correct '' and there are downvotes .
but yeah i totally agree guys nothing in the nhl should ever be punished because staal did n't get suspended that one time .
do n't have any other way to justify your existence ?
give some of your bodily fluids and we 'll be happy to lie to you and tell you that you matter !
just look at how happy we made these two future alimony-dodgers ! ''
i think last time when i sold my avatar package with shop doll i paid 0 tax .
i just figured maybe i 'm missing something haha .
sometimes star players end up making their teammates all-stars ... like dwight made jameer nelson one or lebron made mo williams one .
btw i was way off about the limit of requests .
as long as you 're the only one using your api key it can update once a second .
to be safe i 'll have it update once every 2 seconds .
i 'll add another comment here when it 's done .
do n't be afraid to trade 1 for 3 or 4 .
strike when the opportunity presents itself as in if the enemy fires get in there start doing some damage .
try and look for flanking opportunities too but be sure you can fail back or have support when clipping .
i 'm amazed this is so hard to understand .
its not that humans are unnatural its that their impact on the world has nothing to do with the tenets of evolution .
i 'm assuming there 's holes in the board that eat your dice and someone hits you with a golf cleat every once in a while .
yeah that 's how it feels to me too .
i only got an xbox one for all the exclusives i missed from 360 and the thought of having to upgrade to stay with those exclusives really irritates me .
on a side note i think this is the best conversation i 've had on reddit haha it 's cool to speak to someone else who knows their stuff
i 'm so excited that it 's a summer round and that i 'm not entirely swamped this year !
i discovered this community right before round 11 started and thought i 'd give it a try to see if it stuck '' .
i always have goals rolling around in my mind but i never put them on paper .
it became a regularl part of my routine and it 's definitely helped me accomplish a lot of my goals !
i have been an inactive mod the last few rounds with life but will back to handling the thursday posts this round .
a bit of background about me i was a pretty lazy person after college and about four years ago i had a breakdown/epiphany/a-ha moment that i wanted to change my lifestyle and habits during trying on jeans of all things you fellow women will understand !
my husband and i joined a gym and i have been working out and watching what i eat since then .
not nearly as exciting or dramatic as some of the awesome people here but for me it was a huge change .
working out is now a regular part of my life something i never would have thought just a few years ago .
i never ever saw myself as being someone with a gym membership !
it has really made me feel accomplished and good about myself so i never want to go back !
besides the weight loss/toning up i have seen stats at yearly physicals go from slightly high for someone of my age to ideal numbers it 's not just about looking good it 's about having a healthy active body to keep you going for decades to come !
in the past i 've focused heavily on wellness goals but as i 've progressed on that i 'm focusing more on professional and personal life goals .
welcome to all the newbies and i hope you learn to love it here as much as i do !
workout at least 4x a week this round will be running gym classes kickball volleyball home workouts
restrict internet time on weeknights to a max of two hours .
try three new healthyish recipes this round goes right through when we start getting our csa should help with this one !
plan out where to hang some things in house and do so !
fun things with husband musical opera do some fun summer stuff !
landscape work most of the grunt work will be done when the round starts but ya know water stuff and keep it alive .
this is all very nebulous right now as i await more official happenings on a major promotion/role change ... not sure at what point in the next few months it will be happening
so it 's hard to say whether my goals should be related to my current role or learning the new one .
i said this last round too ... ..still waiting to see what happens !
workout at least 4x a week vacation is coming up !
find a day to get shopping done for vacation if possible
point out that 150 years of 'modern prophets ' were wrong and if they were wrong then how can we trust today 's prophets when they spew hatred toward gays democrats and trump .
in fact ask the quorum if there was ever a revelation that was right over time ?
because every team i went up against in the dz would pop back up again double rez had insane health mask heals and my team would constantly wipe to them .
you ca n't compete with glitchers unless you do it too .
if you do n't and you just constantly wipe to them then your friends just stop playing the game .
brian has gone in pubs after games with the fans before .
i tried everything to combat the redness and irritation for almost 20 years and nothing worked until i found colorescience . ''
any chance at making another appearance on whose line is it anyway ?
my wife and i will re-watch the greatest hits sketch where you constantly fix wayne 's mic because of how perfect that was .
you might need to find someone else tomorrow night though as i have previous engagements .
ya my old 2012 ram 1500 i had custom retroshop.us projectors .
i 've been to scratch they have awesome beer !
wow i had no idea you could buy reddit accounts .
he has three different ccs in his kit two of which do not involved any risk to himself .
a passive that can safe him and put you into a cc if you get too close .
being the worst doesnt mean a player should be hated .
players like steve blake and dangelo russel deserve our hate for being shitty people
i 'm not sure that 's something i would be able to be happy with in a relationship though i 'd have no problems being friends with such a person .
i 'm not sexually demanding toward partners though my sex drive is higher than most i 've been with but no sex at all in a monogamous relationship would eventually be a problem for me .
i 've run across a couple polyfidelitous relationships in which one of those involved was asexual yet was very much a romantic partner in regards to the other two .
so you can thanks for cracking that knowledge egg over my head .
i think jeffree certainly has enough information to be able to judge .
a lot more involved and knowledgeable than most of the judges they get that 's for certain .
i doubt they will solely due to ratings reasons .
they 'll probably drag it to 20 or so if indeed exit polls are what they seem
surely manual control will let me stop the camera !
the confused look on her face when i tried to pay for a banana with a banana
this might be the most i 've ever laughed at one of these .
do n't pretend you care for empowering afghani women or being able to buy alpaca socks..
have you tried luring him up and down with food/toys ?
boy are n't you going to be disappointed once you realize how little airtime bernie is going to get after tonight since he 'll basically be done for .
because this subreddit is too a slope and slopes are tilted
i 'm saying that the dozen-plus people i asked could not tell the difference or in some cases thought the non-retina looked better .
so for all practical purposes the higher resolution does n't make much difference .
say what you want but the kid 's a good ball player .
i know my picture is garbage but i have these 2 others https imgur.com/a/lvmc6 that i got from my sister .
if not then i really need advice on how to take pictures of myself .
i do n't take pictures and i live in the middle of nowhere so there 's no place to go to take pictures either as well as my friends living 2.5 hours away from me .
if i 'm actually just frighteningly ugly let me know .
i 've been using tinder basically every other day for about a month now and i 've had 1 match and she unmatched me right away .
someone in another post told me that my bio is too passive and modest for a male 's profile .
so if i 'm doing that wrong let me know .
yo chatbanned currently but we can gchat if you want to squad up right now .
the aoe for it does n't seem much larger than base w and it really does n't seem meaningful for spheres since qs already have an extra 2 seconds now .
they just wanted to make it super easy for people to hit 7 sphere ults i feel .
i would have preferred the opposite a higher ceiling that gives more options .
however your submission https www.reddit.com/r/sandersforpresident/comments/4fknky/bernie_already_won did not meet the requirements of the community guidelines https www.reddit.com/r/sandersforpresident/wiki/rules and was therefore removed for the following reason s
rule 6 submissions which provide little content or in-depth material are considered low productive such as unsubstantial text posts or link posts to text conversations screenshots memes photos or other low content material .
if you have any specific questions about this removal please message the moderators https www\.reddit\.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fsandersforpresident subject=about my removed submission message=i 'm writing to you about the following submission https www.reddit.com/r/sandersforpresident/comments/4fknky/bernie_already_won .
hateful or vague messages will not receive a response .
id like to speak to the person who thinks this is a good idea
i 'm just wondering where he got his facts from .
i swapped the motors a/b motors on the x and y pins and everything was homing backwards so then i also inverted the plugs on themselves and everything homes correctly !
but it does print correctly so i can just live with this .
i 've got a few minor issues to work thru but these are unique to the solivoron hybrid printer not the voron design .
i 've gained several mm of z height vs the old setup so i will have to design a new height adjustment for that end stop .
if it were a few mm higher i would have to lengthen the z rod or switch to a volcano to get a little more depth .
also with the bed up higher the probe holder on the x carriage hits the bed holder before it reaches the y end stop so i 'll have to mod or trim that piece easy .
then just solve the bed thermistor issue accurately define the printer center and bed size set e steps correctly then it should be printing !
to an extent i agree but the line is so fine sometimes it 's indistinguishable .
they are not giving conor to lawler after his loss .
he does n't have the power to knock lawler out .
you knowingly do something that results in a low win .
this article has to be written by a college student with very little actual knowledge of these things
seriously that should fall under false advertisement or something .
if they say we are increasing cost due to x '' then the cost should return once x is no longer an issue .
sure they 'll just say something else to increase it but at least they ca n't give time sensitive excuses .
mal has n't even hesitated in saying that he is not being picked for the anzac test because of the origin ban
i challenge you to a dance off worst dancer wins .
i have to be careful what i wish for ... what an awful cactus . ''
i turn to pain should we keep going through walls ? ''
tom does n't need to be saved he needs serious help and possibly jailtime .
i was in your son 's position in college many years ago i cut the guy out of my life another friend decided to give him a taste of his own medicine and beat the shit out of the guy of course the guy went straight to the cops .
man i hope conley stays one more run for the grit n grind
using your point though if you failed to contest the first dragon say because you had a very weak early game team or your team just misplayed then in various scenarios you would get punished to various degrees maybe fire dragon is really op and after getting 1st fire drag teams win 60 of the time whereas on release it happens that water dragon is under tuned so team that gets 1st water dragon only wins 53 of the time in this case the team that got the dragon would 've been much further ahead if they had gotten a luckier spawn .
making spawns luck based will naturally cause luck to affect the course of the game to a higher degree than if it was not luck based this is a given the question then becomes if increasing the role luck '' or rng has on the game is worth it for higher variance which ultimately comes down to preference .
my guess is high elo/competitive will hate the change but for 90 of players the net effect will lead to more fun '' since games are more variable which they value more highly than lower rng games .
it 's a good way to get people to start saving by investing i guess but the way the ui is designed gives you the impression it 's about quick transactions when investing in indexes is the exact opposite of that .
the ui plays more like an etf trader but you should be thinking more like sending messages in a bottle .
using the vanguard website feels like 1994 but in a way it should because you should n't be quickly making transactions .
they should be methodical thought out and over a very long period of time .
sorry i guess that 's just a rant more than a reply .
besides the cheer early power of elise she offers way too little as a support .
i think a lot of the people who were faithful to the company/said it was better than wwe feel the same way .
the wrestling was easily better for a sting in the third quarter of the 2000s i want to say ...
but it all went downhill when they brought in hogan and bischoff .
a few fans saw the signs before everyone else and unfortunately it went the way of the titanic ... . just slower and more sad to watch .
i think you need to calm down a bit bud
the intentionally miscut 'fake error ' notes come from uncut bep sheets and the serial numbers all start 96 or higher .
still gives me chills this is the right way to promote a movie .
only the hawks would do tinder nights and fat man striptease halftime shows .
haha well thank you yours was pretty stacked as well !
i 'll wait until you 're deal for path of radience is done just in case so let me know !
the thing is what bill was responding to bastardi said it was gon na be a very hot year this year but asked bill where he thought the temperatures would be in 5 years .
if it cools to the point where bastardi thinks it will cool by 2020 we will have no average increase or decrease of temperature over 20 years despite having an increase co2 .
instead of answering bill just said it 'll be hot this year and bet on the fact that no one would read the article but most people would watch his video .
he also did say that getting subb 'd years ago his other loss was devastating and he has n't got over it since .
gotten the netflix deal and instead faded into obscurity ?
no i 'm pretty sure it 's every 3 kills it goes up a level
darn i actually have tried the solution in q3 but i still get the problem .
oh well guess i 'm gon na have to wait
i do know legendaries are the rarest cards in game but legendaries work differently .
firstly legendaries can not be bought from the shop and are incredibly hard to get .
secondly legendaries are used because of the elixir advantage and versatility and not so much because of their damage or hp so using legendaries even at level 1 is viable .
no personal experience with this but i do n't believe specific educational needs would impact your children 's medical clearances .
rather it would be on you to determine where those kinds of services are available family liaison office could probably help and bring that to the attention of your career development officer as a entry-level officer .
i think you could be pretty confident state would not send you somewhere where your children could n't access those kinds of services .
not sure about availability overseas but you could probably serve in ciudad juarez or tijuana so they could drive across the border and receive therapy .
i did n't have any issues but i witnessed someone else being turned away .
she said she 's an independant but wanted to vote by affidavit ballot due to the pending lawsuit and was told that only registered democrats could vote .
she called the albany board of elections and they hung up on her .
she decided to go home do some more research and hopefully get the board of elections to hear her case tomorrow .
so this is what samus will look like in the 2nd other m game .
susie wins because marcus and corinne have no time to convince randy to vote en bloc as the onions for bob .
i have a friend with way over 20 years of experience making a 100 .
as some people say some people claim to have 10 years of experience but they actually have 1 year of experience repeated 10 times ''
now this would be a funny company policy hey we lost a lot of our guys .
lets hire the guys that did this and pay them money to do it for us this time ! ''
but indeed it sounds too good to be true ''
what the hell did you just do to my brain ?
do you understand why that is n't a very meaningful answer ?
what if you asked me why do you believe that the defendant is guilty in this case '' and i said facts '' ?
it 's not wrong but it 's a completely useless answer for a discussion .
holy shit where did you get that rainbow sport band ?
it may or may not get better it depends on you .
i 've worked dt my four years with the company and i do n't think i could survive in a cafe only store .
as a ss you set the tone for your team it sucks i know .
but if you manage your time and jump at every opportunity to work on tasks between customers laughing in the face of fate then it may be possible to get stuff done .
every once in a while circumstances wont allow that and that 's fine that if fine we are n't superhuman .
just keep on keeping on and you 'll find your rhythm .
i get x-men and the foosball table in the corner .
hahaha god damn estonian nationalists are just as kooky as ours .
i 've been really stressed in the past couple of months and that resulted in me having more hormonal breakouts than usual and 2 were on my nose the last time i broke out on my nose i was like 16 ? ? ?
they 're gone now but i swear the nose is the ugliest place to get a pimple it being the highest point of your face .
only polish surname which sounds somewhat like ricks is iks but still it 's highly unlikely to make any connection between them .
hard to care about much of anything when you 're sleeping
people are so fickle with coaches and so few really can say they have an accurate perception of a coaches impact or reasoning .
for a coach still extremely young in the nba with a young team that is overperforming he 's more than exceeded expectations .
i could n't be bothered to max experience a few of the epic pros .
the only problem is that it spoils the identity of sidious .
yeah yeah most people watching clone wars will have already seen the movies .
but i still feel they should have written the show as if it were being watched chronologically between episodes 2 and 3 .
this defensive tenacity makes you more dangerous than last year 's team imo .
millsap had an off night but he 's such a fucking impact player
i do n't envy your car payments or insurance but then again i would never ever own a porsche either
you admit that you 'll never be done but also admit that you 'll never release the raw data files due understandably to your source 's privacy .
especially as journalists and the public move on '' from the story much like they moved on from the snowden disclosures it seems like a significant amount of illegal activity could go undiscovered and unpunished .
this is the second emax250 i build and about the 3rd quad i ever build so no excuses for me..
vader did n't throw luke down the pit luke fell out of his own volition .
vader was n't even trying to kill luke he was trying to capture him and recruit him .
the only bad guy who wins in esb is jabba i guess .
esb is a movie that has a bleak often uneasy tone but i do n't think it 's really a tragic film .
i mean the areas might be 'nicer ' for the time but ds3 is still far more modern .
i did n't realize that tomas tatar was a us service member .
i 'm sure i had a bit of a bias
i assure you it had no effect on the end result .
all bias has an impact and everyone is imprecise .
do n't kid yourself does n't matter how hard you try bias seeps in .
somebody quell my concerns so that i may rest my head
kind of freaking out about the denimio oni v. samurai thing .
first off i think i might have fucked up sizing .
i pre-ordered the oni 512xx in a size 30 no wash which apparently measure 34.75 '' in the waist .
which i am seriously concerned about because i 'd realistically want them to shrink to 33.25 '' .
so ... do i need to size down at the last minute when the order process comes ?
second does anybody have fit pics of the 512xx because i 'd love to know what these are going to end up looking like .
the skin on lg 's phones are n't exactly stock but they 're way lighter than the s5 's version of touchwiz and yes you can .
pull the bottom out take out the battery and clip on another on the bottom and insert it back in and boot it up .
i would be curious how much overlap there is between questions easily answered by search function '' and those most likely to read the sidebar . ''
i always joked that the job of admissions counselor would n't exist if people did even a modicum of research .
did n't see a list i just tried the kallang wave mall cos i work there .
there may have been a historical person/s behind the jesus myth just as a few historical men have been postulated as the basis of the robin hood legend however hood did n't exist and neither imho did the jesus of the bible .
whoever inspired the jesus legend was lost to history long ago .
the nt is thus as much fiction as hood or harry potter .
there is no such thing as a 'real man ' .
at best you have 'over the hill frat boy in hiding ' and at worst you have 'over the hill frat boy not in hiding . '
i really hope you re-read this and noticed that you come off as such an entitled jerk which i hope you are not in 'real life ' .
i think a great deal of my positive experiences with hotel staff is the result of me treating them like people not servants .
good on you for treating actual live human beings like human beings .
i do n't understand what you think the bitch '' at the front desk should have done .
i understand that you checked in and found your sheets to be less than satisfactory which by the way would fall under the umbrella of housekeeping and not the front desk .
but since i 'm assuming you checked into a smaller property after 5pm when housekeeping had already left for the day which probably meant that the woman at the desk and the houseman were all that were on property .
so when you complained about the sheets she followed protocol and sent up the houseman to replace them .
i went back and calmly but with rage in my eyes asked if that was acceptable .
but since hk was gone for the day i was on my own .
so you complained about a problem and the problem was then resolved ?
i 'm honestly curious ... what else were you expecting ?
i went back and calmly but with rage in my eyes
to be honest sir this part makes you appear to be a real jerk .
especially if you used the phrase as a diamond member ... '' while voicing your complaint .
i worked at the front desk for 2.5 years and had many grown adults screaming in my face and personally insulting me over small issues that were both our of my control and easily remedied .
i can only really assume that this is how you handled your situation with the woman an actual person who was only doing her job and i hope that i 'm wrong .
and the giants have the longest active losing streak .
both jumpy as shit assassins who having strong early to mid game but fall off late .
leblanc 's dash is her main source of damage crowd control and poke .
kinda like fizz except less of a bullshit champion overall .
as soon as she does that do a standard weq combo and switch shadows .
if you are quick you will avoid her damage completely .
if not you at least would have got a decent trade on her which at worst would be an even trade .
post-6 ult her when she q-w you if she is n't full hp .
she just used her dash and the only way for her to escape your zediness is to ult which you can follow because you have as many dashes as her .
leblanc is n't too hard of a lane for zed if you play it right .
he has also given very simplistic responses to that problem whereas hillary 's have been less so .
they both want to change the system that just seems to be about 1 of the 3 issues bernie talks about .
humiliating but the consolation prize is knowing what you should change from a bunch of mostly unbiased people .
not nice but there 's a lesson in everything .
every single game so who 's gon na get aegis ?
well you do n't have to work every day you can just find a better job .
benchmark politics thinks hillary will gain only 31 delegates https twitter.com/benchmarkpol/status/722629422575030272
that would be a great result for bernie given the 15-16 point spread .
... not sure if i love you for using zeal or be dissapointed for using worst clan .
still in education and not particularly good art installation .
mostly constructed from found objects some of which have artistic merit but showing an overall lack of skill in basic composition .
if you want to practice on a german-speaking sub check out r/de which is basically everything in german .
this post was removed because it is not from the approved domains r/nsfw/wiki/hosts .
please read the link on proper way to post .
the currently approved domains are imgur.com gfycat.com .media.tumblr.com images.sex.com and img.pornhub.com .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/boobies if you have any questions or concerns .
who is this scorsese tarantino '' because we all want to meet him/her .
3 grass games and the away and one home v dallas .
that 's pretty 50-50 in my book leaning gio cuz he trained with his team all this time .
if it was n't for dgws i 'd get both
did n't noah 's game glitch and he had to do it again ?
cos if so smartguy316 might beat him to it in his stream
you sort by top '' and then scroll to the very bottom .
same reason why user karma is capped at 100 admins do n't want people to start the who can be the worst '' contests .
..and some threads can keep you laughing for a long time .
60fps will dominate multiplayer or will everyone have to play 30fps ?
can you really see him fighting for the promotion that pulled him from their biggest card ?
honestly my favorite representation of that argument is jibbers crabst https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=zz_btz-5o60 an invention of the oatmeal matt inman .
jibbers is basically the flying spaghetti monster but introduced in a more vulgar and direct fashion .
yeah but it 's the way they went about it .
they were clearly the best team in 2012 and should 've beaten sydney .
so what your saying the husband stepping out on his wife had no role in this ?
i do believe it is his actions and hers that started the affair .
keep in mind emotional cheating is just the foreplay and it will have led to them two in a physical indiscretion at some point .
the castle have each corner be a small hotel and in the centre make it like a community area with shops and stuff .
p tc is an old '' world of darkness book not a cofd game .
i get what you were trying to say but it 's really misleading to describe a first edition new world of darkness game as old world of darkness .
to most people that 's masquerade apocalypse and so on .
i know they 're using new terms for those games but owod and nwod are still pretty common terms around here .
god damn what 's with all these amazing cosplayers in this sub ?
well cassette taps are making a come back local bands throw back bands to the days of early metal and hip-hop and sorta grunge but not quite like styles of music put releases out on them .
they were dynamited and destroyed in march 2001 by the taliban on orders from leader mullah mohammed omar 4 after the taliban government declared that they were idols .
while the afghan foreign minister claimed that the destruction was merely about carrying out islamic religious iconoclasm .
oh so that is how it 's done i have a photocopier i wish i knew sooner .
the temeraire books are basically horatio hornblower with dragons .
death of a necromancer stands up really well and the raksura books have a pretty good following .
connie willis writes a ton of very british time-travel stuff .
home gateway '' is a more generic yet also more specific more jargon-y term for what most people call a router .
in other words the thing your computer phone etc .
connect to to get on the internet but not the big expensive likely cisco branded kind that a big office would buy .
there 's no such thing as a gaming gateway '' .
this is just language ambiguity caused by not using the oxford comma as people should https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=ptm7fzyjtrk .
i cant believe we as a a nation are so stupid we continue to allow this shit to happen .
goyard gets to the point of being a veblen good something that is expensive because it 's expected for it to be expensive .
the value of a goyard item is mainly derived from its price .
you can make the argument for quality and craftsmanship but the price of a goyard is so far beyond the point of diminishing returns per dollar spent that the quality argument is essentially a moot point .
if supply was heavily restricted while price is decreased the value of the card holder would go into being based on exclusivity due to scarcity rather than price .
i 'm sure they would then resell for higher than the regular 400 simply because demand is way higher than the supply of 100 items .
in the words of men wiser than me it 's worth exactly as much as your dumb ass is willing to pay !
wow you dragged this post out of the wood work .
as far as your first statement yes thats true but every single time he brings up compatibility the only issues he mentions are npc markers being hidden which are easily visible in the ck and even more easily visible in game via an ini tweak .
none of the mods on his incompatibility listing are there because of ai conflicts they are all there because they block access to markers .
i ca n't say on the memory front as far as the new mcm menu as shurah banned anyone who was friends with the etac author from their page me included so i ca n't access the latest version but over on step we did some memory tests and found that icaio on a step game increases memory usage by anywhere from around 2-5 .
this was written 4 months ago before an mcm was ever released which means at the time it was written there was absolutely no way to accommodate for npcs added after icaio was installed .
no i was n't incorrect the mod has just developed further which is a good thing .
etac author got threatened with a ban for a match after shurah decided that 3 months after it was released that it was 'stealing ' .
its well documented you can read up on that .
there have also been two other cases of people making patches for icaio that shurah has told the author of them to remove the patches or they could get banned from the nexus both of which are visible in the public comments in his mod .
the evidence is clearly there if you go looking for it and very well documented especially in the case of the etac situation .
quick lesson for when you reach 18 string bets are illegal in poker .
btw if you ca n't download to check the source here is the whole database list http www.aoimirai.net/app/history_events.html
you 've previously cited eve as one of your other games .
i like the karma system in bdo as it is very close to the sec status system in eve .
you kill enough dudes outside of null red battlefield/the desert or outside of a war dec guild war and you lose sec status karma .
go negative and the faction police guards come after you in hisec town .
getting beaten to death by an army of taylor swifts is my dream
get the gringo was the most recent thing i saw of his and he 's still got it by which i suppose i mean he 's not any worse at being mel gibson '' .
at this point he 's like bruce willis it does n't matter what film he 's in because he 's playing bruce willis in this film '' .
he needs to see a doctor for ibs if it is so bad .
self diagnosing and self-medicating with an illegal drunk is a terrible idea .
your submission has been removed for the following reason s
eli5 is for requests for explanations to complex conceptual questions .
if you do n't like an offer just say so in a friendly manner .
might work for some couples but i would n't write it up as generally applicable advice .
jeremy lin is one of very small number if not the only asian basketball players .
there are many incidences when he was blatantly fouled and should have been called flagrant foul similar to yellow card .
but not only they are often only given a normal foul there are many occasions when no foul was called .
there was a time when he was elbowed until he bleed and no foul was called .
nba was asked about it by journalists and they responded by practically saying there was no foul there '' .
search in youtube jeremy lin flagrant foul '' and you 'll see collection of it .
still more useful since you can cut wood with them and they can be used as melee weapons .
i 'm glad baseball is fun to watch again .
save your money and put it aside in case anything goes wrong with the car .
.. clutch job fluid flush plugs all filters belts new tires battery etc .
she told me she never used silicone based products .
normally she uses this shampoo http uk.melvita.com/gentle-nourishing-shampoo,8,1,10230,107555.htm with this conditionner http www.hollandandbarrett.com/shop/product/dr-organic-manuka-honey-conditioner-60083585 .
she dried her hair after the nopoo without diffuser .
i 'm just here playing my level 51 berserker ... spins and wins
run in t10 public rifts to help gear up .
while you wo n't be crushing anything to start you 'll be able to leech and wo n't really impact the game .
once you get a little geared up do t10 split bounty public runs to get the mats to cube everything you got and do n't need when rifting .
i wish i lived much closer so i could go more often
i have a 7970 and it still performs well .
i do n't have to upgrade but i 'll probably pick up a pascal or polaris for vr .
even still i could probably get a couple more years out of the card .
wow you can read this in like 4 different ways .
i did n't choose ps4 because i liked it more it was because i could n't download my profile to xb1 or any other x360 consoles so i was forced to the ps4 but im still playing x360 but just offline and i think they would get more players to play 360 too and i dont understand how you can be against making online gaming for free on 360
check out more of my work on my website http jzakko.com and follow me on instagram http instagram.com/jzakko
2 he 's way higher ranked than you or anyone in this thread .
you were over reliant on sweep which is extremely punishable especially at close range .
if you think the opponent is going to jump you can knock them out of the air with st. hk lariat and air spd .
gief does n't have an overhead so there is no high/low mix-up just strike/grab .
it 's just as good to keep the opponent from running away since knockdowns mean diddly squat and can also be cancelled into rbg or v-trigger .
it 's good that you do n't try to anti-air everything especially since bison has some very high priority/deep jump ins but when you can anti-air you should .
it 's a bit of damage and a very favorable situation right afterwards which is great for any grappler especially zangief .
you fell for the same tick throws a few times in a row .
it 's important to make adjustments to the opponent 's offense .
i get the feeling that you knew he was going for the tick throw and tried to ex spd it but trust me it 's better to just tech .
command grab motions are hella slow to execute on reaction to a light/medium tick throw .
you should n't v-trigger an aerial opponent that is in range for a jump-in v-trigger does n't have anti-air properties or a high hitbox so it will always lose to jump-ins .
if the v-trigger activation does n't hit then just let it go and save it for a cr.jab conversion .
works and jump forward ex borscht dynamite works after a high juggle .
learn when you 're positive or negative after a knockdown .
nothing that ca n't be fixed with time in training mode .
there 's only so much you can write about some 'just friends ' spooning '' .
this submission has been automatically removed because you did not include a question mark ? ''
reddit does not allow post titles to be edited so if you would like you can post the question again .
please write your title in proper question format and include a question mark thank you .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
it keeps the color of your name so people will still know whether you 're a hostile spirit or a host/allied spirit .
but apart from that and the fact that the host will be embered but not the spirits it is an almost perfect disguise .
oh wait this is just a photoshop mock up and you do n't work for oculus .
if i recall i do n't think they could get him out
lots of the people i see wearing band shirts are wearing band shirts that do n't fit them which is a much bigger issue for me .
it 's also boring if someone wears all the same clothing all the time so if a guy pretty much only wears band shirts that 'd be a negative for me .
being able to dress to your environment is important .
i am also not even remotely into concerts or live music which i 'd assume would be a negative for a dude who constantly wears band t-shirts .
yeah i basically went with them because their domain registration costs were cheap and they had a good deal at the time to combine with hosting .
i knew nothing about it then now know a little better !
yep 29/mo is a little high for my needs .
i 'll check out those other companies though cheers .
by the way is migrating as simple as downloading the backup uploading that to the new host then updating the dns records ?
i do not consider myself responsible for his death ?
you punched him he fell he died if you had n't punched him he would n't have fell and subsequently would not have died ?
there are some rumours of impact joining c9 and metoes joining back on the main team so they can work up synergy with impact and keep rush on the challanger team till spring 2017 when he and impact can declare na residency .
that way spring 2017 they can field impact rush jensen sneaky and fufu or get a korean support lets say piccaboo .
sure they will try their hardest but noone will expect them to win the split .
one piece is working with opengl in the lab and the other is coding a graphics engine from scratch at home .
the graphics engine was going really well at first i had 2d and 3d vector classes frame buffers with functions to rasterize lines triangles etc .
now we 've gotten to ray tracing and i 've completely lost understanding of anything that was going on .
i understand the concept of ray tracing but implementing it feels like i 'm reading a cryptic language .
'i 'm going to a university course and i do n't understand what they 're teaching me ' .
you are fucking paying them to teach you this shit .
i have n't been able to complete any of the opengl labs this way .
sounds like your teacher 's not explaining things properly to you .
if you are n't able to complete your labs that 's something you should be seeing someone about mate .
now i also took an artificial intelligence course last year which i just straight up failed .
did n't even have the slightest clue as to what was going on in that course .
when you say course do you mean a course ie a year 's work or a subject part of a semester 's work .
ie in .au your entire degree is called a course and is comprised of 4 subjects per semester .
shit 's hard it 's meant to be hard .
do n't fucking smelt yourself over it just do your best make use of time outside class to seek additional resources lecturer tutors other students who do get it online resources etc .
i 'm still extremely interested in game development but when it comes to the courses that are most relevant to the field i ca n't seem to wrap my head around any of it .
ai and 3d engine development are n't even close to the 'most relevant ' parts of the field my friend .
considering how many games are still put out in 2d and the fact that 3d engines are available easily and for freeeeee i 'd say that 's one of the lesser aspects of the field .
yeah absolutely people who write engines are fab thumbs up but no one said that person has to be you .
lem me let you in on a serious secret here .
games use zombies as their enemies because all they do is move toward the player and can be coded with the shittiest simplest ai .
they are an excuse to put in the minimum effort ... and players fucking love em .
so what i 'm saying is you do n't need to worry about this shit now apart from getting through your course .
should i just give up my dream of being a game developer ?
'i failed a little and now i 'm having a pretty damn standard crisis of faith that i 'll get over in a few weeks '
i know there 's other options like art music etc .
i 've spent 4 years learning to be a computer scientist so that i could apply it to game development
i could just rely on using engines but it was my goal to learn every aspect of game development .
'oh no my work wo n't be good enough to satisfy my ego because i used resources that were publicly available rather than toil away for years nay !
decades redoing the work that so many others have done before me even to the point of ignoring how many highly successful games like spelunky nuclear throne hotline miami and a raft of others were all made using game engines . '
are you going to learn to manufacture your own arcade hardware ?
mine and smelt iron ore so you can cast yourself a new pc case to work from ?
as for 'all aspects ' of games even without being as pedantic as i just was realise how silly this sounds .
does that include card games board games tabletop games physical games fpses rpgs dungeon crawlers walking simulators shootem ups vscrollers sports games aviation simulators ... the list goes the fuck on into space .
mate i want you to think about how ridiculous it sounds that you want to learn 'every aspect ' of game development at university .
academic stuff is nice and all but you 're gon na need far far far more than four years .
here 's how you know if you 're cut out for game development you try making a fucking game
john fogerty heard the singers playing but in the end the rain kept falling on all of our ears .
ever see pictures of the trash left-over after woodstock ?
meh is n't complaining about not being able to get a word in edgewise against the bernie circle jerk expecting people to take the high road on the internet '' in the first place ?
far as i can tell it 's childish from both ends .
generally speaking from what i 've seen if someone wanted to kindly and calmly discuss why they support hillary rational bernie supporters would respond in kind .
sure there 'll be brigades of assholes that will downvote and argue but i could expect the same treatment from r/politicaldiscussion or r/hillaryclinton .
it 's just too often you get the dickheads that have been trolling or just have some snide shit to say then bitch and moan about downvotes .
i 'll pre order if i deem it worthy .
although its creepy i call bullshit that its a shop that you happen to pass by .
it is too staged and it looks like the photographer is inside .
actually they should stay in jail except on the other side of the bars .
he 's staring into the cage trying to figure out why he 'd go in there ?
all she had to do was put out a little and this schmuck would have gone for it !
he would have been thinking in spanish oh good they called the police ! ''
probably saw summoned to another world ad their minds went blank .
as well when they raid places they do n't haul off all the customers .
they usually are only after the employees so the whole maximum impact thing does n't really exist .
second the recommendation on the costume design specials they really go into detail and it 's amazing
t 's the 2015 chromebook 2 if that makes a difference ?
she is with that other dude and too scared to break up with you so she 's doing the coward way out ignoring you till a breakup is implied .
ele is generally terrible without wiz 3 for quickcast .
wiz is either 1 or 3 since wiz 2 does n't offer you anything useful .
ff is basically unplayable without pyromancer and linker due to melee range skills .
it is very difficult to get in with low health safely if you are unable to cheese dps bosses with fireball links .
i 'm a pyro 3 linker 2 myself i must say that pyro 3 is not necessary '' at all 1 pyro is enough but 2 linker is absolutely vital to get the link duration and hangman 's knot duration up .
if you choose to go pyro 2 it is largely for fire pillar fire pillar is amazing crowd control .
pyro 2 enables permanent uptime for flame ground as well which is nice .
tldr linker 2 pyro 1 basically mandatory for smooth ff play unless you are full con or have a death wish
can not wait to sit and watch this saturday !
i work the dota2 international championship every year as the video engineer i switch the big screens .
everyone kept talking about reddit backstage but it was just background noise .
until ... there was this really hot 22yr old production assistant i was a mildly flirty with and i asked her what she was doing when i dropped by the production office once and she said redditing .
and i have n't had a fucking life since .
the phrasing change your membership status '' makes it sound like reactivating a facebook or twitter not altering your eternal destiny .
in ireland as a first year electrican i took home around 200euros a week
she was gon na be the one who performed the x ray on chuck
all i 'm missing is scavenging locations and challenges for the most part .
what i 'm really not looking forward to is the car challenges .
did you leave any of the convoys on the map to use for the challenges ?
first look into nintendo 's secret genetically engineered species habitat nicknamed the safari zone ''
while the mazda likely has better steering feel the civic is faster in a straight line and has better tech inside the car .
you should drive both to see if the steering feel of the mazda sells the car to you .
we were given some vintage cb and ham radio equipment and my son is very interested in getting them to work .
first of all i know i need an antenna but i am not sure what kind .
like i said this was given to us as a project for him and we really have no idea what we even have .
a kenwood 7950 with a pyramid phase iii dc power supply model number ps-12 .
i know that diabetic service dogs are a thing but i was wondering if anyone on here has one .
i heard they can be upwards of 20,000 us just any information would be nice .
since grey is neutral anything will match with it right ?
it always kinda bugged me that the vongola x family are all middle schoolers .
i live near a bunch of middle-schoolers and not a single one 5th grade or 9th look anywhere as dangerous or strong as those two .
also ages in relation to other characters is odd .
fuuta is around 10 i 'd say and he 's short as fuck .
tsuna 's short for his age but according to the 1st year middle school thing he should be the same age .
now his wiki page says he 's 13 at the beginning of the story which would put him around 7th grade .
that 's like the junior year of middle school .
if my observations are correct most kids do n't get as tall as yamamoto until like junior year of actual high school which is what ryohei actually looks more like .
kinda like the opposite of how ichigo is only 15 at the beginning of bleach yet looks like he 's 25 .
speaking of old-ass kids what 's up with overly-masculine-chinned lieutenant of the discipline committee whose name escapes me ?
but he 's got ta still be in middle school ... .right ?
he 's not like a teacher in disguise is he ?
his age is 16 which makes sense in jojo 's .
but that would make him a high school student no matter how you look at it .
but everything would be so much better if they labeled the gang high school students instead .
i have netflix but i just got hulu too .
they have both raw and smackdown but how are the edits ?
will i still get the same value or do they hack it to bits ?
i noticed raw is only 90 minutes and smackdown is about 70 minutes .
honestly if done right it might be refreshing since the shows can sometimes be a chore to sit through but i 'd like some feedback from you guys if you do n't mind .
i am writing this mostly so i can link it to people in the future but i hope it helps people here and now too .
the simple explanation is that using projectile weapon officers firing a torpedo has a chance to cause all your torpedoes to finish the cooldown part of their firing cycle quicker .
the more torpedoes you can fire in succession the more likely the cooldown proc will happen allowing you to continue firing more torpedoes in succession .
these duty officers only reduce it to a minimum of 1.5 seconds or 1 second if you have the ferrofluid hydraulic assembly from the terran task force reputation per torpedo .
i used this calculator http www.calctool.org/calc/math/probability/4_events which you can access from sto builds wiki on the right then follow the builder 's toolkit first putting in the proc chance of the pwo to find the chance of one of the ones you have equipped then plugging in that number a number of times equal to the number of torpedoes you might have .
number of torpedo launchers number of pwos chance of pwo procing at least once during torpedo fire cycle
number of torpedo launchers number of pwos chance of pwo procing at least once during torpedo fire cycle
number of torpedo launchers number of pwos chance of pwo procing at least once during torpedo fire cycle
now for basic photon torpedoes or any other torpedo with a six or less second cooldown one activation gets you down to the global cooldown and the fastest fire rate you can get .
not all torpedoes have a six second cooldown however and those ones will need multiple pwos to activate during the firing cycle in order to maintain rate of fire .
this is where rarity of your pwos becomes most important because any rarity has the same chance of procing but reduces the cooldown by different amounts .
for example if you used three common pwos you would need all three to proc during the firing cycle of your torpedoes .
mean while if you used very rare ones only one procing would reduce photon torpedoes to their global cooldown but it would take them procing two times during the cycle to do the same for quantum or transphasic torpedoes .
you can use the calculator i linked at the beginning of this post to calculate the chances of all the procs you need to happen actually going off with based on the quality of duty officer you are using .
for the most part though vr ones are better .
edit thanks for pointing this out u/sirkiren if you fire one torpedo per second and have four torpedoes with the ferrofluid console your cycle would take 4 seconds and you would only need one rare or better pwo to proc to reduce them the rest of the way .
you would n't really need more than one to proc unless you use torpedoes that have greater than 9ish seconds ?
assuming four torpedoes one second per torpedo plus the 5 second reduction for the pwo .
even then the break between torpedoes would n't be that big if only one procs .
edit thanks u/odenknight for bringing up this do note that the pwo 's have a chance to proc for each torpedo that leaves your ship .
in the case of salvo torps multiple torps fired at one target via hy you can have n+1 based on the rank of hy being used .
if your pwos do not activate during the cycle however small the chance then your torpedoes will have to wait for their normal cooldown to finish before they can fire again .
once your torpedoes reach the global cooldown then there is one more thing you can do to increase their rate of fire get the ferrofluid hydraulic assembly universal console from the terran reputation .
i am following the enb management and use guide https www.reddit.com/r/skyrimmods/wiki/enb_management .
i had to delete all my old enb files as per the guidelines .
the last part of step 4 states for the enblocal.ini you will need to configure the memory section according to the step guide '' .
my problem is that i have 4 enblocal.ini files .
they are in the following locations which one should i edit
i definitely remember deleting all the enb files from before when setting up my enboost .
i do n't know now which one of these 4 i should edit .
i recall earlier i had to move the enb file into the skyrim last folder but like i said earlier i deleted all those files .
and edit it there and now i have 4 files .
straylight enb v1.0b for enb v0.262 should work for 0.264 and 0.265
villain has been chip leader pretty much the whole time i 've been at the table .
has n't made many mistakes capable of plenty of bluffs as is anyone playing mid-high stakes mtts but nothing makes me think he 's a maniac .
hero is in sb with 7c 7c 7h 7h stack of 34k
hero raises 4550 this was the best flop we could ask for besides a set/quads .
it 's crazy likely we have the best hand and i 've had a lag image that includes 3betting 77 every now and then so i think my hand is pretty disguised .
it 's possible but he 's been playing pretty straightforward tag and i do n't see him minraising with something better than 88 here .
needless to say we 're crushing villain 's range and even if he called with two overs he 's missed completely and should n't continue this flop .
hero bets 7703 i ca n't think of many hands with a ten that he would continue that flop with .
hero checks if he rivered a 9 or did turn a 10 he 's never folding .
anything else and he will fold so why not give him a chance to try and bluff ?
i intend to call any bet of half the pot or less and will re-evaluate if he bets more than that
it 's either a two pair or a set but which hands that would give him those make sense given this line ?
it does n't make sense but is he ever really bluffing here ?
also just evaluate my play and thoughts behind why i 'm doing what i 'm doing
i was doing the ee with a friend and we both got the electricity stuck on screen .
it was n't too much of a problem as we just kind of coped with it and it went away for him after he grabbed a nuke went away for me when i went down the elevator .
but just in case it happens in a future game is there a quick fix ?
did n't really know where else to turn and have actually never visited this subreddit before but i 'm happy to see that there are a lot of proud mazda owners on reddit .
i 'm looking for a little advice on essentially exactly what 's in the title of this post .
i 'm trading in my '04 mazda3 which has been my car since i was 17 and i 'm looking for some advice because the dealer mentioned it would very likely be scrapped .
i 'd love to be able to keep something from the car outside of the owner 's manual as a keepsake because it has been an awesome car for all these years and it does n't seem right to let every part of it become scrap .
i was thinking the shifter knob because it 's one of the only things i can really think would be easily removed .
or am i just weird for getting sentimental over a car that has inevitably met its end ?
i accidentally updated to 24.1 carrier settings and now i cant get any service .
my phone is stuck in searching mode and i brought it to att and the apple store and told me they ca n't do anything for me but they said it was the carrier settings that caused it .
i need your help in anyway possible and is it possible to downgrade the carrier settings ?
i would be even willing to jailbreak it to fix it if i needed .
my friend won this on lounge and thinks it 's worth something your guys ' thoughts ?
the backside is fully gold as well which is pretty cool
disclaimer-i 'm a computer nerd not a beer nerd .
it seems as though the brewing industry is really lacking in software .
a friend and i want to make online ordering websites for the small breweries out there that self-distribute to help take some of the sales load off the handful of people wearing all the hats at the brewery .
picturing the site being for regular business customers grocery stores bars etc to be able to log in and place their monthly order for kegs 12 packs and so on .
problem is we do n't know the industry very well .
for those of you who do-would this be useful to these nanos/micros ?
any features or even kinds of software in general you think would be useful for them ?
asking because a friend wants me to send her the best/worst american junk food .
bunch of us so far lol are gathering at hidden falls for some wheeling and camping on june 3,4,5 .
planning to be there by friday evening set up camp wheel all day saturday and return sometime sunday mid-morning .
all jeeps are welcome ... all laid back and just wanting to have some fun .
edit hey sorry if this post did n't get deleted .
i was writing it up and had to go back to work and i had thought that i had deleted it .
i was applying for a pre qualification for an affordable housing unit in my city .
a lot of these places get divvied up lottery style and if you want to apply for a room/apt you can only use two pre-approved places to get the loan .
this condo had a packet of information and two applications one for each authorized loan source and a variety of other paperwork .
i have previously worked with a woman named alice not real name and co-signed for an apartment about two years ago .
alice was not from one of the approved loan offices and referred me to the queen of hearts .
alice was on vacation during the time that paperwork and pre-qualification needed to be compiled and also her mom passed away so her mind was definitely elsewhere .
my issue is that during the time that i was working with the queen of hearts she never once called me to get straight what paperwork she needed from me .
she kept emailing alice and then forwarding or cc'ing me on emails about tax returns and then claimed that she had asked me for a completed checklist of documents three times when in fact she did n't tell me everything that was needed .
basically in her email she stated that i needed to stop wasting her time because there were other people who had completed packets that she needed to work on pre qualifying .
it was approaching the deadline to get the pre-qualification letter completed like 72 hrs .
i finished the paperwork needed and sent what was asked for by this condo 's registration packet and what she needed after clarifying it through emails .
i asked alice if it was ok to ask someone else from this pre approved loan bank/office rather than the queen of hearts and she advised me not to is it taboo to switch horses ?
i emailed the queen of hearts and called the next day because the deadline was approaching .
the queen of hearts did not call me back nor email me an update .
the deadline for the pre qual paperwork passed and so i emailed her asking if i should just throw away whatever else was in this packet required for the housing lottery .
the queen of hearts responded that i should do a wait and see approach as although i did n't meet the listed deadline that there may be changes or opportunities that may arise if other people who have met the deadline for housing changed their minds or became disqualified in the latter stages of the lottery .
this to me sounds like bs and i feel like i have wasted my time .
she is a svp loan officer/manager and may be second in command at this montage company .
what can i do to let it be known that i have had poor customer service ?
esl one manila brings esports to one of the largest dota 2 playerbases in the world on april 23rd and 24th .
featuring 8 international teams a 250,000 prize pool and an arena full of dedicated fans the atmosphere in the mall of asia arena for this two day esports event is sure to be electric .
you wo n't want to miss out on the region 's largest esports event to date !
eight teams divided into two groups of four teams each and played in a gsl style format
my computer just is n't as snappy as it used to be .
we 've all been there no pc lasts forever ...
i put it together about 2 years ago and it was n't really the greatest back then either since i was working around a 500 budget at the time .
so i 'm looking into upgrading it in the somewhat-near future .
i do n't have a specific budget in mind since i do n't plan on upgrading right now anyway but cheaper is always better for me .
let 's say 100-150 give or take just in case i get in shit for not having an actual number ...
i feel like i can squeeze a few more years out of this thing and not have to worry about building a new pc just yet .
but i just do n't know as much about pc stuff as i used to so i do n't really know what is causing me problems here .
like what 's the weakest link here what should i upgrade first ?
my first instinct is just to get another stick of ram since that would be the cheapest .
but maybe 8gb of ram is fine and my money would be better spent elsewhere .
but then i wonder about my processor as well since it seems like a lot of people choose intel over amd these days so maybe that was a mistake ... and same with my graphics card i know it 's not the highest model and it seems like more people are choosing nvidia over ati as well .
in a perfect world i 'd just swap everything !
but alas it is not perfect so here i am .
so if you were in my situation what would you do to help speed things up ?
if you have any suggestions for specific parts that would be great too !
pcpartpicker part list http ca.pcpartpicker.com/p/dzgrvk price breakdown by merchant http ca.pcpartpicker.com/p/dzgrvk/by_merchant
i do n't remember my power supply but it 's 450 watts .
anyone else having problems where they ca n't find a ranked match ?
i have waited up to 30 minutes without being queued but i have sometimes found teammates .
guy 1 has had 15 years of training in the martial art of karate but was drunk during every lesson .
guy 2 has had 15 years of training in karate and was sober for each lesson .
you cheap ass son of a bitch i could n't even see him ''
1 stattrak™ m4a4 faded zebra minimal wear http steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198043769584/inventory 730_2_5807138921 0.14864176511765 http csgo.exchange/item/5807138921 sticker virtus.pro katowice 2014 http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c virtus.pro 7c katowice 2014 sticker ninjas in pyjamas katowice 2014 http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c ninjas in pyjamas 7c katowice 2014 sticker i conquered http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c i conquered 5
1 awp sun in leo minimal wear http steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198043769584/inventory 730_2_5807138904 0.11609448492527 http csgo.exchange/item/5807138904 2
if someone took 7000-7200mg of gabapentin/nerontin for the first time to get high staggered over 6 hours after taking it for a few weeks at therapeutic levels of 1800mg daily could they induce acute kidney failure despite not experiencing any overdose symptoms and feeling fine 72 hours after the last dose aside from the anxiety ?
one is a 4 year old female that is very small gentle and fragile weighing 6 lbs .
our boy is a 7 month old male who likes to play rough and is extremely durable and already weighs 8.5 lbs .
teddy our boy is not an aggressive puppy but he 's very energetic and bouncy and sometimes just plays too rough .
honey pompom our girl loves him and just wants to play gently and give him kisses .
she 's an extremely low energy dog and very passive most of the time teddy is still learning how to dog .
we only let them interact when someone is watching because a. he is a puppy and b. he tends to jump on her and grab her fluff with his mouth in a playful way that we do not approve of when he is over excited .
we always reward him for playing nice and give him a time-out and a no '' when he gets too rough .
however honey pompom is the type of dog that overreacts when she gets hurt and if she gets bumped slightly she runs for comfort .
i realize people have dogs with much greater difference in size and weight and it seems to work out okay .
so my question is how do you get you dogs on the same playing ground in terms of roughness and energy ?
he is a puppy should i anticipate him learning to play more gentle with our older girl ?
am i just over worried i 'm known to do that and i should just count this as puppy behavior that he will move past ?
i just do n't want him to hurt her .
title says it all i honestly ca n't believe the current state of the game .
just saw the glitch and tried it myself posted by smileb4death https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=gszss-xjjaw .
you can literally get unlimited dps if you just keep doing the glitch and can get over 200k per bullet on smgs/assault rifles .
the talent is also broken because you do n't have to use the skill if you have any skill that is deployable at a wall or that you have to aim simply aiming the skill activates the talent .
ok here is the deal i am uninsured but i have high blood pressure that i ca n't get etiquette care for because i have no insurance .
anyways i received a job offer last week my first real job '' that would provide me with insurance however i need to pass a dot test in order to get this job .
i was worried i 'd fail due to my blood pressure so i did quick search to see how i could possibly lower my blood pressure quick 2-3days the search let me to doing meditition and into taking bunch of garlic supplements and bayern aspirins .
i took about 6 a day leading up to the test well to my surprise it actually worked it somehow lowered by 30-40 and allowed me to pass with flying colors .
what i did n't take account was the drug test its been few days now since i 've heard anything back and i am currently worried it might be because of the drug test .
when i did a quick search about aspirins showing up on drug test all the results were about it masking the fact that you do drugs so my question is will the aspirin cause me to fail my drug test or will they be suspicious that i am trying to cover something up ?
i 've taken drug tests before but i had heard back from my employer much quicker than this .
as stated in the title i get no fb notifications .
checked both fb settings did get the question about notifications when i logged into fb and phone setting everything is set as it should .
also tried a website that test push notification and that one worked .
she was working for time/life at the time and supposedly around 30 years old .
she interviewed yasuji okamura on the morning of 12/5/1945 he recalled this event in his memoir but the names was lost in translation .
i am very interest in what she wrote about him .
i felt like wasting orbs so im like kk ill just spend some orbs between accounts .
so i start spending and i get down to 31 and im like ya probs not gon na get anything but then boom 5-star momo .
and ive got my 5-star ticket coming on that account on friday so ill have a full team of 5-stars w kenpachi momo and whatever else i get from the ticket .
i 've payed my dues with 80 hours and 5 characters so far .
i forgot i had an assignment due when i decided to take them .
i have no opiate tolerance but an extremely high benzo xanax tolerance if that matters at all .
do you guys think i 'll be okay to knock out this program .
and how can i tell if i have an opiate high ?
i 've heard time and time again that it is a bad idea to use codes ciphers and crypto algorithms you create yourself .
however is it also a bad idea to write your own implementations of algorithms like aes rsa or rabin 's algorithm ?
i 'm wondering because i 'm taking a crypto class right now and we 've gotten to asymmetric cryptography and it seems like it would be fun to implement them in haskell or clojure or something else with a builtin large-integer library .
5 hours long no replay value and the unlocks are awful .
i have a roster of 14 4 4/40 and 2 5 3/35 but simply ca n't get any further because of the lack of t4ccs .
i 've completed act4 but having 8 different t4ccs so far still ca n't get me anything yeah i 've total crap luck so fml .
just do n't ask me to grind on arenas as part of the requirements i 've grinded quite enough of them .
pm me here so i can reply with ign .
does anyone else here buy notebooks and pens like they 're a drug then find they ca n't actually write anything with them because then they 're 'ruined ' ?
here https www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/4dh5ob/closer_look_series_2_running_and_hitting_telvin is the hub post for the telvin smith series .
play 79 q3 3-5-tb 40 3:26 r.fragel reported in as eligible .
j.winston pass short right to c.sims pushed ob at jax 48 for 12 yards t.smith t.alualu .
football is the ultimate team sport and sometimes because of that assessing a single player 's performance becomes difficult .
quite a bit of a defense 's overall performance is due to synchronization and communication so called defensive chemistry '' .
players get used to each other and understand how adjacent players move and react .
defensive schemes are now so complicated and depend on so many duties being handled and handed off simultaneously that it 's difficult to learn it all .
this is why it is so hard to bring a unit together very quickly and why teams that do so are so surprising .
typically good defensive units have several core members playing together for several years in the same or similar system .
so far we 've seen a few examples of good play like when cyprien takes 2-for-1 and keeps telvin clean or bad when telvin is trying to play coverage while a fellow linebacker has lost his assignment .
here 's another play where we 'll have a look at the jaguars ' defensive synchronization and cohesion .
3rd and 5 should be a passing down but the buccaneers are in a run personnel and formation .
jaguars are in base 43 with cb 22 aaron colvin dropping down into the box to cover the te 82 brandon myers .
s 37 cyprien once again drops into the box and this gives jacksonville a 9-man box against 8 potential blockers in the run game .
bucs show a g power play to the left .
down blocks by the left side of the ol and then pulling the offside guard and the fb .
on a power play often the rb will take a small counter step ie. a short step to the opposite direction to set his spacing and timing and then attack the target gap .
this time the rb 34 charles sims takes that counter step and then keeps going .
qb jameis winston naked bootlegs ie. waggle '' while the te 82 brandon myers releases downfield and rb sims breaks to the flat .
in man coverage it also sets up a potential pick play .
this play sets up similar to the sprint-g covered earlier in this series .
sims is breaking to the outside as the defense is trapped inside chasing the faked power play .
there 's no containment and the only coverage defender is telvin smith .
as the te myers makes his release the cb 22 colvin completely whiffs on his jam .
once colvin misses his jam he 's trail myers downfield .
with the rb sims breaking to the outside telvin has to break from inside to the outside .
that causes a natural pick '' where colvin and smith run into each other .
winston is reading the play deep-to-short and looking for myers to break to the outside .
colvin has nice makeup speed compared to the te and gets back in coverage .
by looking reading deep winston is late to get the ball to sims underneath .
sims is looking for the ball as he breaks into the clear .
with pressure from tyson alualu winston gets the ball off but with a little bit too much touch '' .
it 's a nice play and a nice pass but since it 's just a bit late and the ball floats in the air a little bit long it allows smith to break back and make up ground on sims .
when sims catches the ball he tries to turn the corner on smith .
it could 've been a footrace down the side of the field but smith 's speed is able to keep it to a 12 yard gain .
what is clear is that it is a bad play by the defense .
on a 3rd-and-5 they give up 12 yards and put the offense in a position for a breakaway play .
that 's not good and the jaguars are fortunate to have held it to only '' 12 yards .
it 's a great play by tampa bay though .
dirk koetter 's design was to get the defense flowing in one direction and then to throw it quickly to the vacated side and give the receiver te or rb really a chance in space .
it has some similarities to the kubiak waggle plays from the houston days .
there 's one thing that makes it a bad play and that is the collision of smith and colvin .
if they do n't run into each other then smith gets out 2 steps quicker and may have great coverage to take away the throw and possibly totally disrupt the play .
best case for the defense would have been jameis holding onto the ball and getting sacked by tyson alualu
even the best defenses get trapped and get run into pick plays .
but it seems that this young jaguars group is still struggling with functioning well with each other .
tampa bay was forcing the issue with difficult plays that do n't give the young defenders any time to read or think leading to problems .
this play was n't a problem with understanding what was happening or being at a talent deficit it was just a moment with 2 players getting in each other 's way .
this naturally improves over time and it is something that the jaguars defense should look forward to in the near future .
it would be great to be able to host weekly internal clan tournaments .
i think this would create a more social experience for the clan .
so basically the leader sets the tournament date/time and people pay gold to opt-in to the tournament .
also people competing in the tournament all have the same level troops .
the winners of each weekly tournament enter winner takes all tournament at the end of the month .
heck if you 're going to go down this route you could easily implement a clan vs clan style tournament too .
if you 've ever played online poker there are these things called satellite tournaments where you keep moving up in the bracket each time you win .
the florida panthers and new york islanders are now tied 2-2 in the 1st round series !
i was the only one on the floor today for about 20 minutes and this guy came in and ordered a dirty chai .
he tells me he likes it extra dirty so i ask if he wants two shots .
he says no he likes it really dirty extra filthy .
he says filthy '' and dirty '' a couple more times and i 'm standing there writing on the cup and can feel the heat rising up my neck and on my cheeks .
i want so badly to believe he was n't trying to be weird but i just ca n't get past how many times he specified how he likes it extra filthy . ''
what do you even do in that situation ? ?
i 'm just at a complete loss because if i call him on it and he was n't trying to be weird i look like a bitch and he could make a big deal out of it .
but if i say nothing who 's to say he wo n't do it again to me or my coworkers ?
i 'm looking for some thc e-juice do n't want to buy from some shady vendor .
i was hoping someone would know where to find some .
i am not looking for synthetics like cloud 9 i want actual thc .
maybe it was the fact that i 'm a basketball fan but i was rooting for scot .
he created good television and even though he was n't the best athlete turned survivor player jeff kent .
he clearly made everyone extremely nervous because he was a smart guy .
i do n't know if he will ever be back but the big giant is alright in my books .
just finished downloading the new characters on the wii u version and noticed ganondorf is not on the view warriors screen in the gallery .
your cleveland cavaliers knock off the detroit pistons**107-90 in game 2 to to take a 2-0 series lead !
are you worried at all with how close these first two games have been at least in their respective first halves or are you more optimistic with the way they 've been able to fight through adversity and battle back to win ?
do you think detroit will be able to steal a game before the end of the series or will it be a sweep ?
are there any particular mismatches or weaknesses that they could exploit to beat the cavs ?
who has been the best player in the series so far in your opinion ?
is there anyone in particular you 'd like to see more from as we head deeper into the playoffs ?
what do you think these first two games say about our ability heading further into the playoffs ?
have they either raised or lowered your expectations from here out ?
as always feel free to share any other questions comments or concerns you may have regarding this game or the cavs in general !
your cleveland cavaliers continue their quest for the city 's first championship in over 50 years friday as they head across the lake to the palace at auburn hills for game 3 of the eastern conference quarterfinals .
that game can be seen at 7 pm et on espn .
i opted to continue my 1.0.5 career until the official 1.1 update came out .
unfortunately all of my crafts mostly an extensive remotetech array disappeared which is kind of shitty but i digress .
the real issue is that no parts show up in the vab sph or under any of the tech nodes in r d .
this was true for a new career file i created as well as in sandbox .
it 's as if the part files themselves do n't exist except there are part files in gamedata for all of my mods as well as squad parts .
i tried going on steam and doing a command called verify integrity of game cache '' which returned as all good but i still have the issue .
have bs and tom send me a message on psn hamii91 with info .
so a desktop tech calls me today says he 's having a problem getting an application to work .
he told me he already granted rights for the normal user non-admin to run the program .
i know sometimes you have to give users write access to the folders in programdata/program files so i continued on .
a few minutes into troubleshooting i asked him to show me how he granted those rights .
he right clicked on the desktop icon the shortcut and told me he set security there .
i told him he gave the user full control of the desktop shortcut .
as an audiobook lover i could n't be more excited about the idea of stepping into the world while listening to an engrossing story !
ca n't wait to pick this one up when i get my vive !
there has n't been any communication for 12 days now .
just curious if there is a deadline they are waiting on to batch everyone up for the portrait ?
right now there are over 400 replies to that post .
i think my cat is going to have to go through concussion protocol .
hey all i 'm gon na be smoking right after school at my friend 's house on friday but i 'm worried about being caught high when i go home .
i will most likely have to be home by 8 or 9pm after starting smoking at 4ish but i 've never smoked before in my life and i 've only been drunk twice so i 'm worried about being obviously high .
when i get home my parents must not be able to tell i 'm high because they would flip their shit .
i can probably get in the shower as soon as i get home and launder my clothes without any major suspicion but i 'm looking for any advice anyone has .
also i 've heard stuff about people getting schizophrenia from weed .
i 'm guessing this is bullshit/only with laced stuff but i do n't want to take chances so any experience/knowledge is very welcome .
in general any important info for a first time smoker would be great thanks !
thanks for the advice but i have one last quick question how long should i wait after smoking to drink fully safely ?
any good mods that do n't totally change the game but are good to have ?
so i am gon na download replays at each bracket to get an idea of skills so please help me reddit .
and post dotabuff of any recent ranked game with the mmr .
u/el_capi_sanchez and i decided to create a new subreddit dedicated to liga mx and everything alike called r/soccermx .
if you 're interested on liga mx feel free to check it out and subscribe !
it 's a brand new subreddit so do n't be afraid to submit whatever you 'll like about the league .
sanchez and i are working on the css so if you see any problems feel free to message us about it .
the falchion has a very good pattern check it out !
i also obviously could not price the flip at 85 because its more than market price .
i was invited to a co-worker 's wedding coming up later this year and i 'm very unsure about going .
first off although i quite like this woman i really do n't know her well at all i have just been helping her out for the past couple months with a new project that she was given by our boss .
i wo n't know anyone at the wedding except a few other people from our office including the head of our department 40/m who i find very intimidating not very pleasant and socially weird his supervisor 65/m that i speak to very rarely and one other co-worker 23/f that i do n't know very well .
i 'm worried that i will be seated with them and have to make small talk all night which is already somewhat difficult for me because i have a bit of social anxiety but made worse by the fact that there is such a huge age gap between myself and the others .
i also do n't know if i will be given a 1 as i have not received the formal invitation yet but i suppose this does n't matter much because i really do n't have anyone to bring .
any thoughts on how i can make this experience not completely awkward ?
or should i just decline to save us all the experience ?
if i do end up declining i 'm not sure how to go about it .
update thanks for the perspective guys i 've realized i 'm being a bit of a baby and probably over-thinking this whole thing .
i know i can make conversation with people for one night just hoping i wo n't be sat near my unpleasant boss .
but who knows maybe he 's a riot at weddings
it was mentioned in the march report that they 're working on components which help develop more or less skilled npcs .
it 's been kinda made clear that player characters are genuinely controller skill based however this could n't obviously be the case for npcs .
my point is does this mean npcs we hire can be forced to grind their way up to 100 cargo loading yet hold a phd in repair scrubbery ?
surely this will develop a market for specific crew ?
edit haha i was more intending for this to be about the viability of trading crew members for cash but npc loyalty is fine too p
i 've been using an ego-c protank same pack of 1.8 coils from fasttech same fluid mix .
i used to get a week or 2 out of coils now i 'm lucky to get 1 refill 24 hours before it tastes acrid and burnt .
so i 've been trying to clear the stairs that lead up to the dragon room to get the cog instead of using the gobblegum .
i 've tried taking the friendly trasher there to see if it could take out of the way what blocks the stairs and nothing .
i did the same using the skull with an enemy trasher and nothing happened either .
so i think that maybe around the map there 's a broken poster with lab a 's layout simmilar to the one on the bunker .
maybe we can use the skull with it and then on the stairs to clear the way and go up without using the gobblegum .
there has to be a way in without the gobblegum
edit another thing i tested that seems to indicate that you can go up without the gobblegum is that the monkey bombs activate properly when thrown at the room where the stairs go .
samantha wo n't laugh and take the monkey bomb away like when you throw it outside the map or a zombie spawn window .
that room has a door that leads to the dragon egg room so you never get in that room if you use the gobblegum .
hello i 'm just theory crafting some builds to try out some new things .
as my maths is dodgy and i canot find the gains does anybody know the maximum crit chance you need when aiming for 100 and knowing you will have fury spotter and banner ?
this post is intended for the discussion of fabrication restoration repair customization and all things related to the making of wet shaving products .
this is the place to talk about projects product customization and basically anything that is n't off-the-shelf retail .
want to know how to make your own aftershave ?
i 'm looking for any dom to fill my pet 's ass .
i am looking to cashout 400 keys and 50 ak-47 redline ft through swish .
not gon na do it through paypal or anything else .
selling the keys for 19kr each or 18kr each if you buy more than 10 .
if you are interested in buying anything simply just add me on steam .
i talk swedish and english and if you want we can talk on teamspeak/skype/discord or anything like that .
since swish is only a thing in sweden this post is only for people living in there .
i know most of the people here do n't but i thought i would still try my luck here aswell .
if this is against the rules in any way please just tell me and i will remove it .
fucking seriously kripplekike can you do anything right these days ?
i have a 40gb 100million row database that i currently host locally on my own machine in an sqlite database .
i pull data into a python environment using sql queries then do analysis on the data .
i 'm having problems in that my queries take too long so i 'm wanting to move to a database server .
typically the queries i return from the database can be about 4gb in memory themselves .
i would need the database to be permanent as i would be updating it every few days .
i would also like a python environment that i can use to analyse the database .
i 'd love it if blizzard could implement a tick box allowing you to queue only with other people who are solo queue .
as in not in a party of any kind .
i understand they 'll never do this and the reasons why but it gets frustrating .
pretty much every game i 'm in involves at least a duo queue if not more and it 's extremely difficult to compete against a couple of bffs who are likely on voice chat when my team is full of strangers .
does anyone know where i could download the review edition ?
also i used to have it but my hard drive got corrupted and i lost it c anyway if anyone knows where i could download it i would greatly appreciate it
here 's a screenshot of the title screen http images.akamai.steamusercontent.com/ugc/545278974033573432/418705f4a2e58acc701d61470c88edcb9a05ab09
here 's a screenshot of me playing knight artorias http images.akamai.steamusercontent.com/ugc/545279073623145091/74d2c3836cab81534b1c2b17381d606928000dd7
and here 's a screenshot of why i want to have the review edition again !
before knowing a hydra ling bane build order i just played it exactly like i would 1 1 roach ravager .
hatch gas pool take off at 100 gas when natural at 16/16 drones add gases 2 and 3 back on gas .
my goal is an upgrade missile or melee or carapace bane speed and hydra range done .
i was on pig 's stream and some guy told me how he does hydra ling bane .
he does 17 hatch 19 hatch 18 gas 17 pool .
pool queen ling speed 1 set lings keep on gas .
32 supply 2nd queen i guess as you have lots of larvae off 3 bases making queens too early cuts into drone production .
so i tried it vs comp and here 's what i have so far http ggtracker.com/matches/6604025
3 base saturation 5 gases filled 63 drones by 5:30ish seems a bit late not too sure .
by 7:13 i 'm at opponent 's side of the map 16 hydras 20 banes 20 lings 127 supply .
edit macroing slightly better i managed 63 drones at 5:20 instead of 5:30 and 135 supply at 7:15 but skipped safety spores at 4 which i do n't think is smart .
just wondering how everyone else does the ling hydra bane zvp not sure if what i 'm doing is efficient or not .
edit 2 i think i was starting hydra den and evo too soon as the attack si 7 mins but upgrades finished at 6:30 .
starting hydra den and evo was cutting into my minerals and more importantly starting hydra range and 1 too soon was cutting into my minerals and at those times i should have been droning .
managed 135 supply at 7:05 and this time including 1 spore/base .
still would like to know how other ppl do hydra ling bane though .
edit 3 i think attacking at 8:30 as u/schwarzerrhobar and u/t3chn0g0at suggested is better .
u/pigrandom responded and using his 3 hatch before opener i managed 183 supply at 8:31 with 28 hydras and 31 banes 3-4 seconds away from finishing .
very impressed by all the little details you 've managed to include in the background .
however unfortunately for me crimea has erased the gothic culture off the map .
theodoro managed to conquer some other provinces before their homeland was annexed but they are n't converting .
what cheat must i use to help '' them along .
i am a bot designed to create a new post each day so we can all discuss today 's afterbirth daily challenge !
please post all scores discussion and thoughts and today 's daily in the comments below .
if you want to avoid being spoiled about the daily do n't venture below this point .
also feel free to use https greedbutt.com to link to your score so people can compare .
the planets shown in the latest ign video were all very different .
and they were all in just one star system !
do you guys expect the game to keep coming up with such variations 18 quintillion times ?
but how much variation can procuderal generation bring to such similar planet themes ?
just grabbed a room at the westin but have n't seen much talk or discussion on it .
i 'm curious for your thoughts on why/how you think no one noticed that the e-2 flash looks just like their most infamous serial killer ?
his face was plastered all over e-2 's media and their flash 's face was clearly visible so how could they not put 2 and 2 together ?
the situation is this i have been playing living end for quite awhile now and have optimized it 98 as far as my mana base only missing one grove .
i want to play blue because i have the most fun with it .
i obviously know i will need to spend money aside from trading my money cards .
please tell me what exactly i have going on here it looks very nice .
i 'm not necessarily looking for special software but more of a general discussion .
a feature add to windows 10 you could say .
as in today 's age in technology more and more people are pushing the limits of what the norm is on house and work computers .
in my case more audio outputs than most people use or have .
i 've basically got in this situation the computer of the apartment/house which is used for multiple things at a given moment .
the only reason i have n't split things up onto other computers is due to the ease of dragging/moving windows or playing games on the livingroom tv from my pc without the overpriced streaming hardware .
everything short from data/media server which i 've bought a network drive for this .
since windows 7 i 've had to manually change my audio output between speakers and headset via the volume controls .
for a while i did n't have much of a problem of this until i decided i 'd replace one of my side monitors 1024x768 with a slightly better one 1920x1080 with built in speakers and added another monitor ... err tv in the living room connected to pc with 25 ' hdmi cable .
the main speakers the extra monitor headset and the tv .
the new monitor with speakers is used for local '' video watching while the tv and main monitor are used for other things .
great for watching youtube/podcasts/news while doing other interests and fiance has taken over the livingroom tv .
also nice to keep the stereo limited to the monitor the video is being played on .
i 've tried videos on the tv using general speakers .
some cases i 'm better off listening to it in mono .
better sound quality than any of the other outputs .
when i 'm not needing to limit myself to a headset during games and/or music when fiance and roommate is out of the apartment .
headset used when i want to listen to stuff no one else wants to hear such as games music or just do n't want to hear what 's going on around me such as my fiance 's tv shows .
watching youtube/netflix/etc is easier with a keyboard+mouse than using the smart tv or console controls .
yes windows 10 does have the xbox app i 'm still exploring that option .
i 've recently been playing final fantasy ix on the tv from the computer with an xbox 360 controller .
i 'm currently doing some research to keep the controller on the game window and in control while i or my fiance is gaming and the other person using the computer .
once the game screen loses focus because of the mouse the game either pauses or just sits there .
i 'm aware some games ca n't be done but those in window fullscreen borderless generally keep going with little to no issues .
half if not most of the software such as browsers and maybe half my games do not have settings to choose which audio output to use .
sometimes nice to have separate browser windows or clients on different outputs .
voip clients such as teamspeak and skype majority of the music players such as vlc or winamp and most/half of the videogames do .
generally i do n't have more than one audio source going at once such as music playing while watching videos .
i have no clue how my m fiance f is able to pull this off without ignoring one or the other which i swear she does but says otherwise .
though i ca n't argue i listen to music while playing some/certain games .
i have even used voip clients on my headset while playing games over the general speakers .
i 've gone as far as hulu/netflix on the tv youtube/game on the monitor s using general speakers and voip through the headset .
that 's my limit trust me i 've tried i 'm not data star trek tng reference .
months ago i believe it was before i upgraded to 10 from 7 .
by setting the default to the livingroom tv start the video then change the default to something else the audio would stay until flash was no longer in use on that output or such .
i found this out while on youtube when i was wanting to switch my my headset to my general speakers to let my fiance see what i was watching .
i had to close the video page wait a few seconds then reopen it .
lately not sure for how long i have n't been able to pull this off on either chrome or firefox .
if i am watching a youtube video and change default sound output mid video while playing it changes on the fly !
sure made some things easier but it broke a glitch '' that was useful .
today i set my livingroom tv as the main output and put hulu on the tv .
while watching/listening i saw something on facebook that peaked my interest so i decided to watch it .
whoops that was a bit loud and my apartment roommate and my fiance jumped in confusion .
i did n't even realize the tv was still the main output .
usually when i 'm watching something on youtube/facebook/whatever on my own it 's through my general speakers or new monitor .
note i use firefox and chrome depending on what i 'm doing .
that way if let 's say one were to crash usually firefox the other can keep going .
in this situation would have been great to have chrome on the livingroom tv output and firefox on something else such as the general speakers other monitor or headset .
i know i 'm one of the rare few that has this/these issue s .
it would be nice in the volume controls to click the software listed as outputting sound and choose from a drop-down list to choose which output to switch it to since you can obvious see which programs are on which output .
ex teamspeak and skype shows up on my headset while everything else shows up on what the default is commonly the general speakers .
i will state it was nice to find out that i can rename the output devices .
after adding the two new output devices my fiance was getting frustrated trying to remember which of the two devices was the living room tv as the icons were the same and the names were model numbers which did n't help her but i understood them .
i 've got them as top monitor main speakers tv and headset .
edit after posting this i think i should have made a blog post or something .
all info is relevent kinda a history sort of thing of how i 've managed through the last few years .
i 'm sure some people in some similar way relates to this .
let alone a possible common future issue in years time .
she 's the best arouunnd never gon na give ya ... .crap how did the rest of it go ?
this is one of those threads that i now wish i had seen that i think merits being put in whatever faq gets made and stickied eventually so i guess i 'll make it
i 've been enjoying the game so far as a completely free-to-play player until a couple days ago .
i figured i 've gotten enough enjoyment out of the game to throw some support to ncsoft for cosmetics and i liked the dark specter so i bought some ncoins through amazon and got my trove expansion slots and then opened keys one at a time until i got the costume .
everything worked perfectly and instantly and at the end i had a bit over 600 ncoin left .
today i decided to also buy the cobalt captain and white night costumes as well so i 'd need 2000 more ncoin .
for several hours straight though amazon showed all ncoin as unavailable '' with no explanation there or comment from ncsoft elsewhere .
i tweeted ncsoft 's twitter account asking about it but got no response after several more hours .
it took 40 minutes for both the 1600 and 400 to go through but it did and i then went to purchase the costumes .
whenever i try to purchase them though it just says the following
the transaction can not be completed until the ncoin evaluation is finished .
please visit the support website for more information on the evaluation . ''
the support website contains no information about any evaluation '' and no warning is given of any prior to purchase .
not even the user agreement mentions anything about this specifically aside from the generic we can restrict anyone we want from using ncoin at any time '' legal carte blanche language .
searching the internet for this phrase yields pretty much only upset and surprised people who all had to wait 24 hours before being able to use the ncoin they 've purchased even though it 's shown as applied in their b s account .
because of this hidden and arbitrary practice i 'll be precluded from obtaining the very thing i was paying them for as the deal expires while they just sit on my money .
and yes i 've submitted a support ticket about this even though everyone else 's in the past appears to have failed .
so long story short even if you 've purchased ncoin in the past without issue ncsoft may arbitrarily lock you out of purchasing anything with the ncoin you 've purchased from them for an arbitrary period of time apparently 24 hours is common and there 's no way to even reserve the things you wanted to purchase in case they are to become unavailable after this surprise evaluation '' has ended .
as such do n't ever expect to actually be able to purchase anything within 24 hours through ncsoft .
update after reading some of the comments posted below i decided to give offgamers a try just to make sure i was doing everything i could to remedy this situation .
i bought another 2000 ncoin through them applied the codes successfully and had the ncoin show up in my account successfully .
upon trying to subsequently purchase the costumes again again the same error message came up .
so not only is this a 24-hour lock-out of any purchases using ncoin you just purchased it 's a 24-hour lockout of all ncoin purchases at least of certain items ...
i 'm not about to waste ncoin on stuff i do n't want just to test it .
so you could already have the ncoin you need to purchase something you want and then purchase ncoin for something else and not even be able to buy the first thing .
this is such a strange and frustrating policy to me .
knowing this now i would actually make the title of this post broader to do not buy ncoin from ncsoft less than 24 hours before you plan to spend any ncoin ever '' .
so i said i would post the results a few days after the initial post so in proud malazan tradition i 'm going to insist it 's only been a few days and if it seems otherwise i 'll remind you the timeline does n't matter .
i gathered everyone 's rankings 53 different complete rankings an assigned point values to the books depending on the ranking .
highest ranked book gets 10 second highest 9 all the way down to lowest getting 1 .
so to start out with the main event the entire series ranked from top to bottom and their comparative scores
before starting this i was n't sure what book would take the 1 spot but once people started posting the rankings it became pretty clear pretty quickly .
i have to say while i saw moi as a likely contender for best book from the beginning i was not expecting the commanding lead it took .
you can definitely see some tiers forming in this list .
moi really sits on it 's own at the top in it 's own tier .
then followed by tbh which has similarly locked down the 2 spot by itself .
then you have tcg dg rg and mt all real close together in comparison .
after that there 's another bigger gap before another tight race between tth and hoc then at the end we have gotm and dod ranked so close together a single person could easily change it .
gotm getting the 9 over dod is probably a bit of an upset over the common idea that gotm is the clear least great '' book .
here 's the highest and lowest rank each book received
and this here i think really shows the quality of the series that opinions can differ so much .
gotm is the only book in the series someone has n't ranked at the 1 spot though u/sleepinxonxbed had gotm ranked 1 his submission just could n't be used yet because he 's still reading tcg .
and similarly almost every book has been ranked as low as last .
at the same time it 's also telling that the subreddit 's top 3 books are the only 3 that do n't have a last place ranking .
standard deviation is a pretty complex thing we could talk about for awhile and confuse a lot of people so i 'll keep this straight forward .
the higher the number the less people could agree on the ranking of a book .
so as is probably a surprise to no one tth is the most divisive book in the series .
it ended up in the middle of our rankings but it did that by being near the top or bottom of everyone 's lists .
dg was pretty divisive as well which i did n't see coming .
on the other end of things moi is the most agreed upon which should n't be a surprise seeing how much of a lead for 1 it has .
other fun things it occurred to me to look into .
no two people ranked the 10 books the same way .
in fact no two people even had the same top 5 .
anything else you want me to calculate from these stats ?
maybe you want to know how do just those clearly insane people who love tth rank the series ?
turns out pretty much exactly the same except with tth on top or how many people thought dod was better than tcg ?
try not to use it to be a dick to people as can happen once this kind of stuff is known .
none of this stuff invalidates anyone 's own opinions on the series .
a book being ranked low does n't mean its bad just that 's is considered not as good as the others .
so it 's basically a souvenir p420 weed smoke with faze golden sticker and mlg golden sticker it 's a very cool combination imo
i read they are trying to include more non white british authors in english to better represent the racial demographics of the country .
you know just think of all those brilliant black asian oriental and latino british authors .
these people seem to live in a world were britain and europe was always multicultural™ in the modern sense of the word .
but no europe really was white pale and stale '' for 99 of its history
it 's not like this 1 was ever a thing that was important to britain anyway .
attempting to bring up the empire as if it were an example of multiculturalism in britain is pathetic .
the population of which has traditionally been pale skinned and fairly light haired ever since its inception .
for real though everybody in every country should learn world history .
we do not have the time to teach everyone world history in depth and a bit of knowledge on many relatively unimportant subjects is less desirable than a learned knowledge of your own countries history .
i am getting a lot of cards with women who are extremely far away from me sometimes on different continents .
i get my share from my own area too but just curious if there is something i can do to fix the issue .
i have my settings set for 15 km and have chosen to swipe in my own area .
i am not even going to joke about it anymore this is so damn stressful .
me and my teacher printed it off another 4 times each stopping about an hour into it .
even with the new printer parts he got for the machines it still clogs up or stops .
so anyways onto what i am making this post about .
my teacher has one more solution before we give up .
so if it works i will release the images print file and make a video painting the throne !
but if it does not work next week then i will announce the sad news to everyone on here !
i will not release the print file since i have tried it on 4 out of the 5 printers in my school but each still failed the print .
i do n't want to release something that will just waste your filement and time .
i am so sorry for taking longer than everyone expected .
with that all noted have a great day/night everyone d
my location can meet you in amherst thursday or in boston fri-sun any time
it is the only item i 've held off on purchasing and that is mostly because i do n't see how it would affect my runs very much .
i get about 70k per run and that does n't buy me many upgrades .
also maybe i 'm not doing it right but when i retire i invest my crystals and then immediately retire again so my run gets the benefit of the upgrades i bought .
i understand that the drake would enable me to cut out the intermediate retire .
i 'd love your insight and to hear how you use it if you have it .
i 'm trying to get one of my friends to get excited about starcraft .
he has played with me a couple of times and i think i can make him into the fan that i am .
he 's still pretty bad but i want him to see the game 's full potential .
tl dr i want to get a friend excited about sc2
had an r/showerthoughts moment this morning thinking about the similarities between climate change deniers and the haes movement .
the more i thought the more identical they seemed to become .
they first must deny nearly all available science and logic to even exist .
97 of scientists believe that climate change is occurring and most of those believe that it 's man made .
i 'm not sure on the exact percentages because no one 's done an overarching study but i 'd imagine a similar percentage of scientists/nutritionists/fitness experts agree that obesity is an epidemic it 's harmful and avoidable .
climate change and obesity have only become issues in the past 60 years as the world has become increasingly industrialized and food has become cheap and readily available .
climate change happens because we supply the earth with too much co2 and not enough trees that use it for fuel/growth actually we 're actively destroying those trees to make room for places to grow food .
obesity happens because people supply their bodies with too much food energy and not enough activity to use it for fuel/growth .
climate change can be prevented by making more difficult choices that may cost slightly more short term to achieve long lasting life saving results .
for instance if we 're able to transition to solar panels and wind power for energy sources we burn less fossil fuels ... the earth becomes sustainable for a longer period of time .
it 's not easy solar panels cost slightly more per kilowatt hour and we already have a system in place that advocates fossil fuels via government lobbying gas stations on every corner ... etc .
obesity can be prevented by making more difficult choices that may cost slightly more in the short term to achieve a longer healthier life .
for instance a gym membership and investing in healthier food choices that may cost slightly more per calorie .
lettuce costs more per calorie than donuts and there are systems in place that advocate sugars high fructose corn syrup ... .etc over healthier options via government lobbying/subsidizing and having fast food available on every corner .
climate deniers typically act as if the earth has it 's own climate set point and there 's nothing that we can do to change it .
that it 's always moved throughout the earth 's history and throughout the history of civilization and it has nothing to do with the amount of co2 that humans have put into the atmosphere in the last 100 years .
bodies all have their own set points they move regardless of cico .
some people are skinny some people are fat and there 's nothing anyone can do about it .
you 'll hear climate deniers say so what if it 'll be a couple degrees warmer ?
we 'll just get more summer ! '' ... .
so what if i 'm fatter ... .there 's just more of me to love ! ''
ignoring that ocean levels rise with that and we could meet a tipping point with no return .
95 of diets fail ... .similar to the republican argument i 've heard that the us should n't try to combat climate change because there 's hundreds of other countries out that there wo n't do anything ... .so any impact we may or may not make has little significance overall and will likely be a failure overall .
hey you guys i am wanting to become a escort soon in the dmv area and i just wanted to know your opinion advice on escorting especially considering i am a bi racial female i really want to know the pros and cons of it all .
btw im 18 and a college kid i 'm only wanting to do this because i 'm low on funds ...
russia 's attempts to provide logistics to its forces in poland have been hampered by the resistance 's efforts .
this is a golden opportunity to begin a counteroffensive along the polish lines .
we will push the russian forces out of poland with particular attention in recapturing warsaw .
note all us aircrafts are stationed in germany the uk or the us itself
b-52h stratofortress https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/boeing_b-52_stratofortress variants strategic bomber 15 equipped with cruise missiles and dumb bombs for bombings over massed armor or strategic military installations
e-4 nightwatch https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/boeing_e-4 airborne strategic command and control post 1
ec-130 compass call https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lockheed_ec-130h_compass_call electronic warfare ew suppression of enemy air defenses sead offensive counter-information 2
the ukraine forces have stalled the russian armada and a counterattack has arisen .
the forces mostly stationed in western ukraine are reinfored with from troops in slovakia https www.reddit.com/r/globalpowers/comments/4e1g77/conflict_us_positions_in_europe and reinforcements from the us .
the force is to work in conjunction with the ukrainian military to laaunch a counteroffensive to retake kiev and the rest of western ukraine .
the us will continue to hold the line on the dnieper river .
ec-130 compass call https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lockheed_ec-130h_compass_call electronic warfare ew suppression of enemy air defenses sead offensive counter-information 1
has anyone else played someone who does a network glitch that causes the pause screen to stay stuck and you do n't get credit for the win ?
i had a guy on ps4 psn rastymcnasty actually threaten to do it during the game over his mic .
i figured he was just bull shitting but sure enough right at the end of the game when i was up he got a whistle and did the glitch .
i planned on a security system like brinks or similar .
outside lights are already in place with motion detectors .
i plan on doing the reinforced doors with good deadbolts .
i'v considered a video system that i can access from my phone .
i 'm just going to ask a general question ... bc i might be overreacting .
but i 've never met a girl that says the stuff that my roommate does relating to boys .
she tells us story about her night out and i want to listen until she says things like he really wanted me last night '' or he literally came to that thing only because he is in love with me '' or he is literally in love with me '' or something along those line .
i mean great for her that guys are into her but why is it so freaking annoying for me to hear things like this come out of her mouth .
what i do n't understand is she is easily one of the most self conscious person i 've ever met in my life and it drives me crazy because she wakes up an hour and a half earlier to get ready for class and changes outfits like 10 times before class .
not saying that thats bad or anything i do that too but when i go out .
like its just so confusing bc she 's like i 'm not good enough '' and then she says he wanted me so badly last night . ''
you guys might think i 'm just trying to start shit but i 've honestly had enough of her saying shit like that its like who says that .
playing on coastal highway i 've finished looting all the town houses .
spent about over a day inside repairing organizing things it 's been a much needed break from dodging wolves outside .
i 'm happy to see my water bottles in a line my food neatly stocked and my tools laid out in rows .
i'ts a bit nitpicky but i like the visual feedback of stockpiling .
after about a day my heart returns to a normal pace .
the wolves had shook me up it was nice to take a rest from outside .
packing up some things to leave bam a blizzard whips up outta nowhere .
i 'm not worried though i just organized all my stuff .
it 's quite comforting and feels warm and cozy with the wind billowing outside .
i the player am cozy secure and well stocked and suddenly my character is freaking out ?
it does n't fit the immersive mood i 've just created ...
mood aside mechanically i can not pass time or rest with cabin fever .
so i 'm now having my character stare at a wall to pass time while i browse reddit on my phone
cabin fever has stopped me from playing the game .
i like the idea but cabin fever after a day and a half indoors is steep .
it feels atmospherically awkward and is forcing me to stare at a wall .
though i 'm sure it 'll be iterated on the threshold for its onset is too low .
at least have 'mild ' versions where i can pass time but not rest .
it 's insane that i am not allowed to sleep indoors for two days straight .
i was mulling over this recently and i made a breakthrough .
1 day 1 day 1 day 0.5 days oops 2 days 4 days 15 days and counting .
the reason i just kept failing over and over in the beginning is because my brain did n't truly remember '' how fucking awesome these superpowers are .
for me these superpowers are increased confidence improved social conversations with both men and women and increased urge to meet new people among a host of other things .
these are super dope so why ca n't you convince yourself to stop fapping !
the reason is because your unconscious only factors in short-term gain
your unconscious brain which plays a huge factor in your willpower looks at the two options .
on one hand it has what it believes to be something better than sex studies suggest porn can deliver stronger dopamine releases than real sex .
on the other hand it has ... pretty much nothing .
on day 2 there 's not much of a benefit .
i mean i ca n't blame the little bastard .
what would you choose between sex 2.0 '' and nothing ?
however if you manage to make it through that 3-5 day period all the sudden the decision gets a lot harder .
at day 5 your unconscious has a new choice to make .
it can have sex 2.0 '' or it can lose all of these benefits i mentioned above .
it 's not an obvious decision anymore so it sends the decision to the conscious brain .
lucky us because that means the decision is far more in our control .
i think this does a great job explaining why the first few days are so fucking hard for so many people .
at the very least it 's food for thought .
edit wanted to attach at least one resource so i 'm not just spouting nonsense the study below explains the divide in our brain between the conscious and the subconscious if you are curious .
so i would just like to know how you guys deal with consistency because having an upload schedule and trying to stick to it can be difficult especially if you are n't feeling motivated that day and your videos come across as boring or it looks like it is n't something you want to do so when you are feeling demotivated do you guys push through and record anyways for consistency 's sake or do you skip a day and record when you are feeling energetic and happy ?
i saw it a long time ago on this subreddit and have n't been able to find it since .
the gif is of the shield cutting one of their backstage promos where they talk into the camera .
rollins is at the side of the 3 and tries to pull a menacing looking face only to realise how stupid it looked and starts to laugh and turns away from the camera .
it 's very funny and if anyone can find it it would be greatly appreciated .
i would like to know the value of this knife
i killed 34 graceful followers of armadyl all called kree'arra .
i killed 2 graceful followers of armadyl all called kree'arra .
i thought they were n't supposed to be a cult ?
so this is a plan that i think most will frown on which i understand but i find it necessary given the way my life is structured right now as committing to 6 months straight is not possible .
and yes i realize this will also increase the cost quite a bit but will safe a lot more than doing the hole program in 2 3 or 4 terms .
basically i want to transfer into wgu with as many credits possible so i can ensure i can finish bs-it in a single term .
if i transfered in with only clep exams and all the bs-it certifications you are supposed to earn with the degree how much work would i have left ?
anyone have any experience with this or its effectiveness ?
the transfer list is a bit confusing and from what i hear i may be able to transfer more in than it leads on .
how do i go about finding a shaman i am about to go on a spirit walk .
nvidia is booming in today 's machine learning craze while intel had to cut 12000 jobs to stay afloat and it 's future seems bleak .
can someone explain why a gpu chip is so great at this compared to cpus ?
so i want to pick up running/jogging and i really want some music to do it to can you recommend any ?
title i remember feather arrows being really good for the pharis bow in ds1 is this still the case or should i just use large arrows ?
i 'm curious on why all you tentacool people wanted to pick up on the kraken priestess !
also my reason for picking up illaoi i picked her the day she came out in a normal game .
watched them try to fight me and all die one by one .
now i get excited when i have an exciting ultimate it literally makes me shout out of happiness and adrenaline !
when i logged into my phantom today i had been farming for a few hours with hardly any lag besides the pet loot lag but when i logged into the beast tamer to train later on every time i killed one mob the game would freeze for a good second even with pet loot turned off .
we have a smallish raid group that left star wars the old republic about 4 months ago late dec 2015 for the greener-group-content pastures of wow .
since then we have been able to clear all of the current heroic content up to and including archimonde with the help of some other redditors who joined up to bring our raid group to 11 members .
having finally cleared through archimonde a few weeks ago we are itching to smash ourselves into mythic hfc prior to legion 's deployment .
the goal primarily is to expand our raid roster to mythic-capable numbers 20ish in anticipation of the legion long-haul .
we maintain a very relaxed raid group and are firmly entrenched in the semi-casual but generally skilled player niche .
we fuck around a lot and thrive on the banter of the group .
gear is less of a concern we can mostly fix that and we 're looking more for competent people who jive well with our group atmosphere .
we can wait for you to get your ring we can wait for set pieces .
show some semblance of competency and game knowledge and we 're off to a fine start .
post here pm me on reddit or add me on bnet sisyrx 1198 if you 're interested or want to know more .
needs we 're keen on a flexible rdps who can offspec heals if needed .
additionally we 're a bit skewed towards mdps so a ranged pure-dps to balance would work as well .
we do however have some flexible players who can shift from melee to ranged should we find the right new guy
scim information 2 or 3 hossin or esamir bases will be decided on the day
are you ready for some high quality h3h3 video game rips ?
unfortunately i came last mainly because i wasnt paying attention at the start and got behind on shops .
luckily i had enough stock to keep me afloat while i bought out properties .
mario had too much stock and by the end was getting 50k gold just from pouring money into his monopoly due to them .
the game is definitely not designed to be played this high .
the average shop price was about 1200 gold while all players had a few hundred thousand in stocks making each payment nothing more money was made from a buyout than shop prices .
the natural scaling of shops peaked around the time everyone reached 100k net worth and the majority of the game was spent buying each other out trying to obtain monopolies .
mario was the majority owner so most money went to him boosting his account .
i was without property for about 1/3 of the game and had to aggressively buy other players out .
yoshi was also without property for a quite a while but by then he had 400k in stocks so it didnt matter .
on the topic of scaling due to inflation trying to get promotions was pointless .
everyone got more money from stock returns and later even dividend payouts in a single turn than from 5 separate promotions .
there was no reason to go around the board and it sort of broke the game in that sense .
it really became a game of playing the stock market and little else .
the only real properties that were even viable were tax offices as they allowed huge one time payments whoever landed on a tax office immediately bought it out since its only 1000 gold .
you can see that 99999 payment from mario which was enough to extend the game another 10 turns later on i was able to crash the stocks and cause mario to lose another 150k just by swapping my vacant plots back to tax offices .
of course by that point he had 800 stock at 700 gold each so simply pouring a couple hundred gold into a property gave him another 50k and all we ended up doing was delaying the inevitable .
while the game is certainly not balanced around it 999000 gold games are not half bad .
it does turn into a game of monopoly early on with a focus on boosting stock instead of promotions and simply following the die like monopoly .
i think if i played my stocks better i might have been able to catch up if not control the market .
however i do not recommend these settings with 4 humans .
this was with 3 cpus and it was 12 hours over 3 days .
it was also on a fairly small board delfino plaza .
i couldnt imagine what this would be like on something like slimenia or good egg galaxy .
unless you can somehow pour thousands of gold into them within the span of 2 or 3 turns you will lose it .
having to refocus your stock is normal in a game like this and if you dont get in on a district early you will never ever see that district again .
once you start making a few thousand from raising stock prices per turn forget about promotions .
by a certain point not even the dreaded 13 will be an issue .
partially because it affects stocks so little and partially because shops trade hands so much they reset value anyways .
if you play with vacant plots buy tax offices .
you probably wont keep them for long but they can change the tide of the game and since vacant plots are cheap to buy out you want the one time someone lands on them to be worthwhile .
if you are playing alone dont bother trading with cpus .
my little bro is 15 and absolutely hates me because i 'm gay .
it 's kind of hurtful because we used to get along great when we were kids .
for a defense item it has a lot of protection is it as useful as i believe it is i mean 60 magical and physical defense and 15 cool down is it as food as it seems ?
edit 6 may 2019 new link to replace old one
recorded live at the air canada centre toronto on 23 march 2006 this is probably one of coldplay 's finest shows .
featuring hits from parachutes arobtth and their latest album x y the band were surrounded by a stunning 3 story high panoramic video wall encompassing the stage .
the band started with a bold rendition of square one before turning up the tempo with a phenomenal performance of politik .
the usual classics of yellow clocks gpasuyf and the scientist are all out on show with the x y era songs providing new depth and variety .
this show was originally recorded for dvd release but the release was scrapped in favour of broadcast on tv .
it was only shown a few times in 2006 and 2007 and often in a cut-down version .
most new fans since the vlv era probably have never seen this or only seen clips so this is your chance to relive the coldplay of 10 years ago that i first fell in love with .
i spent years hunting down a high quality full copy of the show often believing one did n't exist .
i 'm pleased to offer this to my fellow r/coldplay fans to watch relive and enjoy in stunning 1080p .
edit apologies it 's actually 1080i for those who care .
but it does have full 5.1 surround so ¯ ツ ¯
i 've been playing melee and i recently started playing a mage .
i heard that if you want to mainly pk which i want to do .
currently my character has 24 defense and i have no intent to raise it any higher .
is 24 defense too detrimental to my combat level for a f2p mage ?
i do n't want to make a new character but if i have to i will .
just started playing uo about a month ago i 've been having a great time on uor but i 'm also curious about other shards as well since there seem to be so many different variations/etc .
does anyone play on multiple shards and is it troublesome to keep your clients sorted out ?
j-roc will not be in season 11 of trailer park boys if it even happens now https twitter.com/torrensjonathan/status/722788449036607489
is it okay to use this mask every week while on tret ?
i like svg but i have to wonder how he can watch steve blake play all year and think that he 's a capable backup pg .
my favorite part of bravely dfault was the use of defaulting .
ive had a ton of fun creating bots that play flash games .
and at one point was even able to re purpose one for work automation .
check out this tutorial it 's pretty simple uses python and windows so it 's pretty accessible
i 'll admit that i would like to see the cavs winning over golden state if it were to come to that .
i hate the warriors even more than i dislike the cavs .
how about the government explains to its citizens what would happen if they did this and let them vote on it .
your naivete and your trust in the intelligence of the average american voter is beyond laughable .
jimmy carter told americans to put on a sweater and immediately lost 20 points in approval rating .
ronald reagan told americans that they were special snowflakes and if anything goes wrong it 's the government 's fault .
lesson 1 no one has ever suffered politically by betting against the intelligence of the average american voter .
lesson 2 there 's nothing to gain politically by explaining stuff to the average american voter using anything more sophisticated than campaign slogans or sound bites .
the storylines about kelly coming out of philly have been beyond absurd and now after this wacky trade by the eagles you really start wondering how much of a problem kelly was compared to roseman .
eagles could be worse than the 49ers next season and have no 1st round pick to show for it .
i meant that naviance is so much more reliably accurate '' whatever that means in a chance me post than cc that there 's not much need to even compare .
s1mple back to f3 not gon na happen all the drama after he left before
s1mple to gambit not gon na happen couz he was not in good relationship with mou and adren
s1mple to hr not gon na happen he s1mply hates oskar
s1mple to navi maybe but still not.. the way navi is build around guardian i think it will be for person like s1mple to go full rifler and play more support roles sooner or later lot of problems will happen within the team
s1mple to faze only if fox s1mple and he 's main awp and he also better in englando than fox so why not ?
most people have been going ie third on this build .
post pop depression sounds nothing like other iggy pop albums
i have a marketing position open at my company for whoever had this idea .
if you look closely you can see that they speed up the video right as the stick moves forward .
same here i only want a single target so it 's either one phantom or the host .
does n't mean i go for the target right away though ...
better to play the other side first and get a backstab once the target trusts you .
i 'd say dcs world just because edge is a fantastic engine .
that said xp10 has a ton of advantages as does fsx/p3d and any sim has its good points .
dcs is the best sim by far if you want to fly military anything and it is not only beautiful but runs well .
there 's nothing quite like doing river runs in a p-51 .
dcs is reputed for its system depths and realism in its full fidelity planes but those are in small numbers at the moment and the only civilian '' aircraft i can think about that it has are the huey and mi-8 which are obviously still technically military helicopters .
x-plane is my preferred civilian sim because it does helicopters and gliders really well and has sloped runways .
it 's good about using both gpu and cpu not that it does n't necessarily run faster than fsx/p3d just more consistently .
though p3d does this pretty well now too so that 's less of an issue .
x-plane tends to have more good freeware but the payware scene is still growing and lacks in some areas .
there are a lot of great addons coming though like the ixeg 737 coming out in a couple days the dreamfoil helicopters are all great and airfoillabs makes the only xp10 a2a style '' aircraft in the form of a c172 .
also of course the fjs 732/727 duo are popular .
p3d/fsx are of course the time tested proven and most built up sims .
they have some perfomance issues due to being based on an old platform but p3d has improved and still is improving that area massively .
along with that it has by far the widest range of high quality addons available .
it 's probably the most beginner friendly due to the interface being super straightforward compared to xp10 's and the sheer amount of tutorials out there for it .
it 's also backed by devs like a2a pmdg vrs carenado has more for fsx/p3d than xp10 .
flightgear i do n't have much experience with because it does n't support trackir and that 's a deal breaker for me personally but i 've had fun with it and it seems like it has potential and it seems to be making massive steps forwards lately .
rise of flight is an awesome wwi flight sim .
while wwi dogfighting may seem slow and boring believe me it 's anything but .
sometimes you 're doing scissor turns so close that you could probably reach out and slap your opponent and the planes are easy to get in the air fly but unforgiving once it comes to combat maneuvers .
and of course war thunder if you want something less realistic to just hop in and fly .
no real systems simulation the aerodynamics are sometimes great and sometimes terrible depending on the airframe .
it 's also pretty dang grindy but it 's still my go to wwii simcade game if i just want to hop in and shoot some things without any real setup .
i think that just about covers the issue in as much depth as i have time to go into .
you just need to get all other nations with immediate warring range under your heel before stopping military tech
2 strokes are not more reliable but they typically are easy to work on/find parts for .
you 've got to mix oil and gas in the tank usually which is easier than it sounds .
the main draw for them is that they are about 25 quicker than 4 strokes are usually cheaper and generally more fun at lower ccs .
aprilia makes a 2 stroke 125cc sport bike that is renowned for being about as fast as most 500cc bikes .
the rough house would be my pick out of the lot to be honest .
wow i admit have n't read much sontag but i assumed she at least knew her ass from her elbow .
guns can be made if a person know what they are doing .
sure price would go up hence the black market but it would most definitely price terrorists/criminals '' out of them .
australia is a special case since there is not a good way to get anything to there .
it 'll be easy to smuggle guns across the mexican border from south america .
australia does not have that problem since it is so far from other countries .
so what you end up with would be the drug cartels getting even more powerful by smuggling guns and drugs across the border for high dollar .
bimmer owner here that must have been an older model as new ones have an extra cigarette lighter port there to plug in my phone so i can text more while driving i 'm charging my vape in the center console lighter .
to be honest it was probably an accident while he was trying to flash his high beams to the driver in front of him to speed up .
like you 've been ranting and raving this is a whole new die size therefore how can a 1070 even be something close to a rebadged 980 ti .
everytime nvidia does a die shrink even when they do n't most of the time their previous flagship cards are always beaten by the new step down from the flagship .
not to mention the other advantages that come with a new line of chips which is normally a lot of things from extra v-ram to better power effiency and better clocks as well .
it 's kinda silly with such a big jump in architecture not to expect a 1070 to outperform a 980 especially with all the promised features of pascal .
there is a type of fetish for everyone i guess
i get a bit of a mount and blade vibe which is a good thing
i hope you have some way to deal with sword swinging spam though like i should n't be able to wagle the sword around like a madman with a wiimote and do well .
i should kill my own horse or stab myself or maybe run out of stamina if you want to be boring if i 'm swinging wildly .
looks great though i 'm excited to try it out
kangaroos do the same at night they wait in the dark on the verge until they see your headlights then hop onto the road .
true but it 's only for 14 days and all events do come back eventually .
the power of fm radio is pretty impressive is n't it
when i used to live closer to downtown in my small rural north central texas town i used to be able to get a talk radio station in amarillo
no supplier and your addicts '' for lack of a better term either have to stop or go through you
yeah the war on drugs '' was just a 70 year ploy to create the world 's largest drug monopoly
one is a super strong body builder and the other is skinny and weak .
the strong man is tasked with pushing a boulder 100 feet .
he does it but with a lot of struggle .
the weak man is tasked with pushing a small stone 100 feet .
i do n't follow ... who is being forced and how does that relate to a boycott ?
i tried to remove the pop up to login but i ca n't make it scroll .
can only notice the bee is driving in the wrong lane .
one of the problems is that the terrible quality of their news actually leaves viewers less informed http publicmind.fdu.edu/2011/knowless about current events to the point that someone who does n't watch the news at all would be better informed .
add the fact that they intentionally deny the truth http www.theguardian.com/environment/climate-consensus-97-per-cent/2013/oct/11/climate-change-political-media-ipcc-coverage and alter facts and photos for their agenda and the result is a viewer base that does n't exactly agree with reality .
it ended so abruptly and they could have definitely made more episodes based on where it ended .
damnnnnn grandy back at it again with the base on balls !
josuke 's stand is so close to josefumi 's in execution that josefumi 's flashback moves could just be incorporated into josuke .
kira does n't have many moves to work from since he 's a flashback character who never got what i 'd call a full fight by jojo standards unless he shows more the designers would have to bs a lot of his fighting style aside from the sheer heart attack barrage .
the main thing we 'd miss from not having a separated kira and josefumi would maybe be unique dialogue during outros and specials josefumi talking about how he already died at the beach as he unleashes on someone .
i do n't exactly agree with how he went about it but i can see his point of view .
the way his tone and demeanor changed seems like he has experienced someone who committed suicide .
yes because black people celebrate culture and historical significance not skin colour .
white supremacists want to celebrate being white which has no historical or cultural significance in and of itself .
there are european cultural celebrations but none of them are based on skin colour because that 's just silly .
they need to both be out not just equipped right ?
i 'm in my school 's symphonic band so anything wind ensemble is playing because i 'll never get to play it
even if these qbs are stars they still basically shot away the chance to use the cheap years of the qbs in a championship window .
their best case scenario is a team like the colts .
2d you may not post link posts to crowdfunded campaigns .
instead post a text/discussion post linking to it and describing why you are bringing it to the attention of the subreddit .
for example if you are the publisher or designer tell us about the game and why you think we might like it .
if you are a backer tell us what brought the game to your attention and why you think it 's worth backing .
if you abuse the substance alcohol is far more harmful than marijuana moreso at a younger age but that is still true at any age .
but the government is not expecting people to abuse the substance just consume it moderately and it only makes sense to design the laws as such .
moderate alcohol consumption has not been shown to have an adverse effect on brain development abuse definitely does but not moderate use .
smoking it even moderately can have an effect on brain development .
i believe part of this is a result of thc staying in the system for weeks instead of flushing out after a short period like alcohol does .
tl dr in those words no but if we 're talking about moderate consumption then yes .
edit just for clarification many studies that claim alcohol is good for us are not exactly accurate but moderate consumption has no real negative effects the claims that it can be good for the heart and stuff i think have been questioned .
this prevents owens ' lawyer from subpoenaing the acct 's post history oh did i mention owens ' is talking with her legal team about all this ?
it does n't actually twitter still has those tweets on their servers twitter can still hand them over at court order .
gary the goat is from one australian comedian that loves his goats .
gary is one of his goats who he even preforms with and takes around .
https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=yuwprxaasv0 here 's kevin being a cunt .
now the stars are trying too hard to win it in a single pass
yeah i have a strong feeling they may not have known it was a prosthetic and instead thought it was a dildo .
just see how things go they may end up being too embarrassed to say anything at all
if you ca n't see that or want more check this out
guess i need reminding every once in a while .
bling bling '' ... no chance that catch phrase will ever sound dated ... let 's throw it on our ring for eternity .
but if it is and you 're trying to counteract the point i can probably dig up comics showing that he does .
i definitely thought this was going to be a ted cruz joke mildly disappointed .
seems to have cleared up a bit at the moment
they 're charging 4.89 for a big mac here though .
there 's a reason it 's always combo 1 aside from tradition ... you get a mcdouble with a bun in the middle and it costs 3 more .
try to re download the game but copy your save to your computer first .
it is definitely possible wading on foot but you need to do some homework or ask someone in the know .
not all flats are wadeable and you need to know when the tide is right on those wadeable flats .
also for safety 's sake do n't try and wade on flats with tall spartina grass those have the thick pluff mud and you 'll sink up to your neck .
this blog post gives you the gist of it but it would be a good idea to contact a fly-shop on the coast for more specific info
what i really want is for slayer to replace the 2 point brutal fervor 30 increased damage and 5 increased attack speed while leeching with something like add 10 of the amount you have leeched recently as extra base physical damage to attacks and spells '' .
the first earthquake would overkill any trash mobs around rares/bosses making the boss melt on subsequent hits with all the extra damage you got from leeching due to overkill .
claw flicker with endless hunger aiming to get most of its damage through flat damage from the node .
this would be very tempo-driven and long chains would be rewarded .
physical casters using either of the above two styles would also work giving the option of slayer as a physical caster class might not be the best but it is more options .
you need to have more interaction https www.reddit.com/wiki/commenting wiki_commenting with the r/globaloffensive community before posting video or stream links .
unfortunately this has become necessary to combat video spam people who only use the subreddit to blatantly advertise their content .
members of organizations and other high-profile individuals can be excluded from this restriction in some cases per request .
please do not contact the moderators asking about the participation level required for submitting content we do not typically reveal it but it is quite low and any reasonably active commenter should reach it easily .
you can find our rules regarding advertising and self-promotion here https www.reddit.com/r/globaloffensive/wiki/rules wiki_8.29_advertising.2c_self-promotion_and_interaction .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/globaloffensive if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'll hold two codes on the side for you then .
are you ready to trade the seven you do have now ?
i think bifrost needs some footfall love barely can see it at all i know its a rainbow that shoots up but it so dim
i think every single aspect of his character was perfect and the localization team did a spot-on job of bringing him to life by not only translating the words appropriately but by slotting him and his personality directly into a western culture mindset .
i suffered hours and hours of that game just to get more sazh .
but sazh alone does not an enjoyable game make so i ended up throwing the controller down in disgust shortly before reaching the end of the game .
like you i 've been debating whether or not it 's worth going back just so that i can knock it out and know what i 'm talking about when i engage in ff-xiii related discussion with other final fantasy aficionados .
it 's the only ff game i 've played that i did n't enjoy .
i found a random frog about four houses away from a creek with its side open exposing its bearing heart .
now i guess it was flesh eating bacteria and im gald i did n't touch it but at the time i was pretty confused .
doubt i 'll ever randomly see something like that again so i think it counts
my wife was gifted my grandmother 's wedding ring and wore it for a couple of years .
went to quiznos one day and she lost it while wiping her hands off from the extra guacamole .
she tells me that it has to be in their trash and to go find it .
i go back to quiznos and they tell me all the trash has been taken out to the dumpster .
wife tells me i have to go climb in the dumpster and find it .
i tell the wife to fuck off and then of course ...
spent about an hour digging through people 's half eaten toasted subs dirty napkins and a 1000 uneaten hot peppers .
6 months or so later i walk into the bedroom and the dog is on the bed .
sitting next to her on the bedspread is the fucking ring .
i can only think of two possible explanations either there was a transdimensional portal between my bed and the quiznos dumpster or my wife is a fucking idiot and did n't wear it that day and somehow knocked it onto the bed next to the dog later on after making me climb through people 's waste .
it 's silicon valley they gave stock options in some app startup
i 'm hoping s/he meant they were sad that op is leaving so op was hug-tackled .
how do we know who the good guys are ?
'' we '' do n't care who the bad guys are .
you protect your own and defeat the pedophile worshiping woman stoning enemies who have vowed to kill or convert all humans .
you shouldnt have to yeah places have different protocols but the nremt is a national test that you should just take once .
man uncanny resemblance for a dog with an identical name !
i hope you all take good care of each other .
when people say that black lives matter '' should i go no all lives matter '' ?
why do the same people who complain about all lives matter '' then say that we should n't commemorate one of the worst genocides in living memory because all genocides matter '' ?
the idea that we ca n't commemorate the holocaust specifically and specifically commemorate other genocides is frankly pretty stupid .
this and then the president claimed that zionist-led media is a problem which is a pretty clear play off the whole jews run the media '' conspiracy theory ...
make up geek do some nice duochrome eyeshadows and their only £4.95 ! !
you ca n't monitor your decks through the headphone out .
i thought last year 's flagship is screwed because of snapdragon 810 ?
not just in throttling but battery life as well .
depends entirely on how far away the nearest sink and soap are .
5 is probably the bare minimum if a sink were nearby .
50 i would grab even if it meant having shitty hands for an hour or two
not sure what tests you were looking at the 380 is n't even close to the 970 its closest competitor is the 290/390 class cards
they paid 115k to hire two brit mercs to snatch children from their father and spirit them out of the country .
even if you take away the fact they were trying to profit from the story of a divided family and the fact that they will make things even weirder and harder for the kids involved the whole scenario sounds incredibly dodgy for a good reason this is not how you resolve custody disputes .
60 minutes acted shamelessly in this instance and should be held to account .
difference between us and the kings we score kings push hard to answer .
kings score we let ourselves get dominated and play like we 're killing a penalty for the next 15 minutes .
i remember working with a program that had really good decoding messages .
they were specific and understandable however the program itself was terrible that it was drag and drop ...
do n't get me wrong the atlas is cool but i always thought it was silly that it did n't actually do anything with its arms .
i think that 's a bit too aggrandizing strange as that may seem .
or at least it makes it seem like the version of 'playing pretend ' that actors do is so deep and special that it 's in fact dangerous psychologically .
at the end of the day it 's just a job and actors are the people who do that job well .
i ca n't handle the recoil and play on laggy servers so the pvp in this game sucks
it 's great for leaving dents in the table and when used as a projectile !
u can get a seer that is better then xmas with this offer imo
holy shit you dropped a pretty penny on those fuckers !
the ceos of companies make way too much money compared to the regular workers .
it 's never been this high of a gap and it 's causing issues in the economy .
i accidentally punched my riolu once and almost cried .
there 's no need to quote the entire chain fam imfo .
did n't expect to see this story waking up sad stuff r.i.p .
lucky for you its only gon na be your inbox thats getting annihilated by strangers .
well powers of the president allow for 60 day military action w/o congressional approval .
i bet he could really make a mess in 60 days with the us military under his control .
get the kothophed and griselbrand 's pictures of them with lilliana demonic tutor and ...
with two other evil looking demons lord of the pit and the like and put them over the art of basic swamps .
maybe instead of pictures of the demons you can have art with lilliana that looks like an ability of the enchantment killing wind for the deal 4 and gain 4 ability for example .
if bernie comes up short i would be really curious to see how much of the popular vote stein got if all of bernie 's supporters threw their weight behind her .
it is certainly the murder victim 's ancestral country going back innumerable generations whereas the murderer is almost certainly nothing more than a mere second or at the very best third-generation descendant of a very recently as in within living history recently colonist family who probably immigrated from europe given his reported religious nationalist politics which seem to be most prevalent amongst ashkenazi orthodox/ultra-orthodox communities .
the very fact that so much effort is expended on the palestine is not and never was technically a country '' point by pro-israeli apologists is in itself an implicit acknowledgment of the base immorality underlying the zionist colonial project 's expulsion of hundreds of thousands of people from their homes .
it 's an argument that consists of well sure it would have been bad to take over a country but since there was n't actually a legal state in place our violent displacement of the native population from their homes is perfectly fine '' .
that argument attempts to completely sidestep the basic moral problem at the heart of the illegal settlements or any colonialist displacement of indigenous populations but i can assure you it does n't actually trick anyone other than israelis themselves who seem to genuinely believe their own propaganda and lies !
it 's entirely disingenuous and reliant on semantics not the most solid of foundations for any argument .
if there really was no moral issue with ethnically cleansing vast numbers of palestinians from their homes and forcing hundreds of thousands of people out of their homes and into a stateless existence of living in refugee camps suffering a life of poverty and bleak prospects then it would not be necessary to constantly parrot the old palestine was never a country '' shibboleth so core to israel 's narrative about the palestinians .
single dad is to poor to afford an ipad .
but we make due with my old iphone5 and the apps in can handle .
i keep looking at ads on craigslist but by the time i figure out if its a good deal or not they are usually sold .
i think more likely that the guy wrote it and attributed it to his son for some reason .
it was n't a masterpiece or anything but it was decent enough .
submitted email on website yesterday should i email yall anyways for a code ?
or they 'll look at linkedin like every other professional recruiter .
seko advise me to link normal att to him and take out dodge because it wasnt as useful as vanilla aizen
when the bosses would n't allow me to give my shift to another guy .
i had a shit day at school and the guy offered to take over my shift but it got denied .
so yeah make the guy that does n't want to be there be there and do n't let the guy who wants to be there actually be there .
i showed up grabbed my work shorts that i stashed there and left after making sure my coworkers could handle that shift by themselves i liked them enough to make sure
no you see they will be empowered to ... be garbage men ...
there 's a huge assumption here that basic structure jobs will just ... be there .
if i was a waiter and received a standard pay check .
i could use that net to chase my dreams yes so we all go chasing our dreams .
sounds great but the bottom of the economy either falls out from under itself or we make robots do everything for us but why would you want to be a robot repair technician if you could once again be paid a standard to chase your dreams ?
there 's just a flaw here you simply ca n't gloss over with the go-getters will support the rest '' who supports everyone then ?
let them try the idea for sure i 'm intrigued but it 's just not sustainable .
it 's a crappy reality that some people just do n't get to follow their dreams but you simply ca n't have a functioning society where everyone is a musician or shoe designer .
someone at some point has to do a job that is n't fun is n't your dream and provides a much needed service .
if it 's garbage man or ai repair technician for our care free robot society is irreverent .
also not sure what makes a silicon valley startup entrepreneur more of an expert on the economy than you or i .
but hell i could be wrong and it 's all snow flakes and unicorns .
if they try it and it works what do i care .
edit who knows maybe having a basic pay but needing the extra bump in cash from a job for your etsy business is enough incentive to be that garbage man/woman but i doubt that holds true for the numbers needed to sustain all corners of society .
what do many of us say about free software ?
if it 's free to you you are not the customer you are the product .
come over to linux we 've got cookies and penguins
he 's obviously made lebron disgruntled if he done what he done .
i personally find bp is better for drying up pimples and preventing new ones from forming not bringing them to a head .
i think google maps is a tool we should be using more often .
i know it always helps me to see where things are in relation to each other .
if you read my comments thoroughly you 'd understand that i never said or implied that i am entitled to anything other than the maps when i bought the season pass .
i stated that because there were bonuses in the past i feel duped for not receiving them now .
if you look up the definition of dupe '' and the definition of entitlement '' you 'd understand that dupe '' is actually the right term .
i like many others feel a little duped for buying the season pass based on prior years .
you needed 3 consecutive yawn '' in order to me be offended toooo bad you were sooo close try again when the narcolepsy kicks in .
civ v is not good with the expansions in my opinion .
we do n't have a release date on civ 6 or even a confirmation they are doing it .
does the pattie end up sticking to the tin foil or can you still add oil ?
if this was reposted sincerely in 2016 that would be so hilarious .
ok so his mil and his family decided to set up an account for benefits without us knowing and using hubs personal info including identity information for our kids .
i never answered the income question so she called hubs .
i texted her explaining we already have an account seriously i 'm not stupid or computer illerate .
it shows me exactly how they see me us .
i do n't need this its none of their businesses and its not their business to take care of .
now i have to go be with these people who think its their business to take care of our business for hubs birthday .
i 'm gunna cut the party short were leaving after a few hours .
a 7 yo 5 yo 3 yo and newborn need to be home for bed in time anyways .
i have respect for hubs mom for being pregnant giving birth everything after and raising him but its taken about 14 years to get him to realize his family puts their business and interferes with everyone 's business .
seriously we are adults in our own home with our own lives and our own children .
i ought not to go at all but its my hubs birthday .
he 's been so good helping around the house and been so supportive .
he doesnt deserve for me not to be there .
tell you what i will go back to sweden and you can come to texas .
i only need enough time to get my blonde and bring her back .
su-25 and a-10 loiter around after using up their main armament .
but high lord wolnir killed me so many times that i lost count .
as i 've said on another topic like this artanis had a similar thing going but people canceled pre orders on legacy of the void from like gamestop and people got him for free by exploiting that .
you can thank those people for honest players like you to not be able to do that .
we have like 5 flavors of dio in eoh .
sorry but society has told men that they need to make the first move if that means trying to talk to the pretty girl on the bus then so be it .
if she declines then i will of course leave her alone but to say that men should n't even try flies in the face of what we 've been taught our entire lives .
the only time a blow-up doll 's been a good thing is yoshihiko 's existence .
back then it was so much worse so now they 're considered balanced .
i 'm around the same height as you so i totally feel your pain .
spirit has the smallest seats of any airline in the country .
i 've flown them to guatemala several times and it has n't been particularly comfortable .
however if i shelled out an additional 50 i could guarantee exit row seats with more leg room than your standard 30-inch pitch seat on a legacy carrier and still save some money over airlines like american or united .
that flexibility in cost/comfort is hard to compete with right now .
exactly what i imagine someone who ranted about cultural marxism and pussification of society '' would be like .
turn your drawing into a raster image and just use it as a reference to model on top of .
you can also only go one step at a time .
you ca n't go from say copper straight to gold .
no way jose is going to be easy to make on 2k16 every move is an arm drag except for the heavy grapple which is an airplane spin .
no one said it was the principle of the thing .
that really really helped me out especially the advice about locking out my legs before extending my hips .
i did n't want to max out today but i was able to build to 505 and take an alternate grip move my grip to shoulder width point my knees out more to get them out of the way basically tip 1 in the video and better lockout my legs before extending the hips .
2nd time doing sumo but i think for the heck of it i will try it in my meet next week why not !
i will however continue to pull conventional in my normal training since my main goals are olympic lifting and that has the better carryover .
i was n't aware of that otherwise i would n't have done it .
i feel violated anytime one of them is one scene .
no the revisionist sanitized version is what you are claiming .
everything has a multitude of facets and justifications and causes and effects and detriments and benefits .
everything from hitler to ghandi and its made worse by the fact that we hadly ever know all the facts and even when we do it is nearly impossible to interpret them impartially .
if you think anything in history is absolute you are very poorly educated .
reddit can be cruel like that at times for sure .
that one is n't as sloppy but it 's definitely not something i like either .
i am convinced it was the night that dh could not be bothered so i filled a soft cup with preseed and made him go in that then up it went and there i stayed with my hips elevated for like 45 minutes .
it was about 8 hours after ovulation so i think i got there in the nick of time !
it was cycle 9 and i was determined to get it !
i 'm just putting it out there no matter who ends up winning this season julia is the best player this season .
if you are putting better with it it is because you are putting better nothing to do with the disc .
i 've firmly not accepted as much work the work spills over to my team members .
i do n't know how far i would have to push it to get fired no one has been fired in roughly 8 years people have retired or 'voluntarily ' quit .
the job is 90 client facing so i personally have a tough time selectively screwing over clients by not completing their projects for no fault of theirs .
do not let anything get between the critical site and the wind .
also do n't put it near the edges where there is turbulence .
so if someone gave you a twenty you could say rub-a-dub-dub tanks for the tub '' ?
i am in williamsport for college i definitely plan on making a trip to buffalo this coming season to see the bills play .
would be an interesting take on watching a team that i am not a fan of but have a lot of respect for bills
of course someone biking around with a cat on his shoulder looks like that
it 's funny because the picture says you live for video games and crying about your micropenis .
i feel like if you are having to rework a champion 3 times within 3 years you really need to take a second look at your design philosophy overall
yup but it also is good that he 's making them .
it 's obvious that there is still a lot of anger and aggression against the people who have land .
it seems like this anger is with them always .
how can we deal with each other when this anger is behind some of us all the time .
i do n't know but this is why i want to talk about it openly .
their are totally gaters in their which is way worse then some sewage only seen a couple in the deep parts though
well this made me laugh so that is a plus
also i would not care if we would call ourselves the personal computer master race '' or peasant collective magnificent resemblance '' .
what would happen if the wale did get the diver ?
honestly the cost savings are all in games not subs .
gaming on pc is way cheaper than console so long as you do n't require release day purchases .
a safety squeeze in the 4th inning with no outs .
he probably does n't have a ton of product in his hair .
maybe a lite hairspray but i would n't guess much more than that because of how little texture his hair appears to have .
i can achieve this look without any product but it wo n't stay put for very long .
if i were to add just a little hairspray it would stay put much longer .
when aiming for combat medic is cool for a bunch of reasons .
assault rifles and resurrecting teammates are the two best parts .
health regen is nice because it lets you carry c4 whilst still being able self-heal or my favourite saving your skillkits to deny kills with the invulnerability frames .
the shield bubble is a fantastic distraction/bait but also a useful tool for being able to constantly peek and disengage from the fight without having to take asc .
take the shield bubble max your med tool and take revive grenades with bando .
you 'll be rolling in certs and it 's still possible to be a proficient fighter given you peek a lot and utilise skillkits to accommodate for the loss of direct combat abilites explosives/suit slots .
i could argue that if philosophy '' is taken as something that plato invented in modern academies it '' has devolved far from what plato invented or intended to be discovered .
plato 's academy was officially a religious cult with close ties with ta mysteria eleusian etc .
i 'm just saying it could be argued not that i would necessarily want to so argue .
i was trying out a bit of mid lina to practice thanks !
i wan na see tai flip and then a scot/jason split vote .
a few bad-apple psychiatrists troll for college students completely undermine them and effectively ruin their lives while garnering a tidy weekly income pretty much until retirement .
so no i 'm not in the wrong subreddit .
ontario needs quality control in psychiatry and many aspects of medicine .
people restating what they heard other people say and was probably originated from a theory .
i think i 've always been turned off by the warnings of how dark the ending is .
are you telling me i can safely invest in doomed characters because the ride is worth it ?
no it was n't why would he give up morras people it was a plant like they brian said ... was n't suspicious to you how there was only 1 little bag of finished product ?
my guess is that his buddy was probably told no by his doctor and just went around and told people he does n't qualify rather than find a different doctor probably did n't know .
i mean it is a pretty recent program in illinois .
i 'm not a fan of the chants in this situation but the time before that he went 0/3 in the shootout
ahah thanks i 'll be sure to contribute if i can .
just got in the last few days of alpha and have played about 50 games since then so i do n't quite know the game well enough yet !
float around the discord and reddit a bit but i 'll show up on the forums sometime ... maybe after i do n't embarrass myself every time i play a game !
it was funny i saw that person 's posts just moments after asking the question here .
i do n't think i have the crate thing they do though .
by far the best skin i 've seen posted here no question .
we could be building a healthy lead over the rest of our division aka the giants by beating a garbage team but nooooo would n't want to do that !
when global warming is well along say the year 2050 there wo n't be any articles about 160 dead instead it will be articles about tens of thousands dead hundreds of thousands dead even millions dead .
i know you are probably right but are we sure ?
can the engines produce enough of a shock wave/bow wave/etc at higher thrust levels to create a buffer ?
is n't that what they do now to bring the first stage back ?
no doubt quality control is not high these days .
it 's a hard problem but it should n't be as bad as it is .
the extra power will definitely provide opportunity to get some better performance for console users .
but for certain graphics developers and for people making qa budgets it will be more pain that they 're presently spared by the virtue of having a single fixed target .
not only will users of newer console revisions get better experiences but pc ports will probably be much better since some of this work will happen up front instead of in a porting process and the typical shortcuts wo n't be available to trip up porting .
i 'm sick and tired of broken fixed 30fps releases coming out of japan and this might just fix that .
when playing as the hunter the dog barking at a chest indicates whether or not the chest is a mimic .
use this to your advantage in situations were the chest has a fuse on it !
i actually really hate heavy seas but that 's not the point right now .
been busy at work today i normally read the articles just like when i was able to get a copy of playboy back in the day .
it was n't a trick i 'm just this stupid . ''
marcus 's eyes cast downward and he shook his head .
it was before the funeral '' he continued quietly .
i know it was a mistake but we both felt alone and i 'm a weak fool for women . ''
marcus looked up at the dragonpit with a scowl .
he imagined getting ripped apart by a dragon and how that might feel .
red and stinging eyes looked back to the woman .
i know i 've betrayed you all '' he said .
daemon would have died for me any of you would have . ''
is that the from around the web '' stuff i see ?
you 'll end up spending a good percentage of the total price tag in annual service costs .
unless you have a friend that is giving stuff for free to you after a mere 10-15 dives you 'd have spent less money by owning your own gear .
kinda reminds me i 'm high as fuck and i should go to 7/11
i just love how everyone tries to compare it to other classes aoe removal and uses that to justify why it 's terrible .
they 're different classes why should they all have exactly the same tools for the same mana cost ?
rogue is more about removal with your face and single-target removal now .
that 's not to say it was a good nerf i think it should cost 3 and only hit minions but lol 6 mana arcane explosion '' or comparing it to consecration/hellfire is just wrong .
thanks and it probably will be eventualy im pretty new to this so im never sure what to focus on i want to cater to more than just one group so its not easy i guess
of course just like what happened to elements when they added rekkless the best team adds the best adc ? ?
well ... no team synergy just like you said has a big impact on the team outcome .
however it 's natural to think that putting together 5 great players would do better than 3 good players and 2 rookies but that 's not necessary what really happens
i was against it in my teens for it in my 20s and now against it again in my 30s .
that is a huge deficit for someone your size .
i am a female about 100 lbs lighter than you and i lose at that many cals .
use the ketogains calculator and choose a more reasonable deficit and stick to it .
unfortunately that is n't too far off from national 's economic policy auckland auckland auckland auckland ! ''
and thus you hear this giant sucking sound from up north draining the rest of the country all in the name of 'economic progress ' and 'super city ' .
his tantrum about the chicken is easily one of the most absurd things i 've ever read on this sub .
it sounds like this issue over the vacation is just the tip of the iceberg .
when i first read the title i thought oh lawd what 's this gon na be '' but you provided a good analysis and comparison .
they really should make the ictv easier to acces .
i 'm not sure on the execution until i see the actual skill trees though .
i 'm still convinced that we 're going to see some big changes when the beta actually hits .
they 've already told you no multiple times what do you mean silence ?
this is n't a matter of them keeping silent but you plugging your ears .
i love how these arrogant bastards apparently think god gives the first flying fuck about mortals ' laws .
it definitly is a good read when you also read the comments .
was a bit too much of hand kissing for me .
hi i come from r/all and i am mega confused none of these people tell me anything .
wtf is going on is there a tl dr ?
i dismissed it due to it 's art style but damn that series could get dark sometimes which made it seriously compelling to watch .
i think 500k would get you a nice place anywhere except auckland .
although yeah a block on the coast would be very nice .
i think hoki at that time was related to the dairy factory but the mining is a bit boom and bust at the best of times .
i am taking a screenshot of this so i can remember this forever
the agency can decide just as much as the police can decide if they wish to investigate a theft .
that made me imagine the flasher girl is the counscience on the reporter 's shoulder who is always trying to get her to do wild shit .
the point was that in a single day he went from 1 to 100 and got more pvp gear than he had on his main .
he 's against the idea that accelerated gameplay like this is possible .
does it require some farming some gold and some help ?
he effectively beat '' wow in a day from a pvp perspective .
his character http us.battle.net/wow/en/character/tichondrius/nostalruis/simple is 1 piece away from full 710 gear .
it did n't take 90 hours it took him like 8-10ish i 'd have to check the vod .
putting all that together it would take a single day of hardcore playing to reach 100 .
i 'd also like to point out although it is n't super relevant that i could literally buy a level 100 and full conq gear with real money .
i get that people hate sodapoppin he 's pretty obnoxious imo but he has a point .
this game should not be beatable in a day two days or under a week .
this game should n't have the option to literally buy with real money a level 100 and full pvp gear .
not to sound like a broken record of back in vanilla the game was hard '' but back in vanilla/tbc/wrath there was more of a sense of accomplishment .
i do n't want to go back to vanilla where leveling took months and some classes and specs were strictly not viable .
i do n't want to go back to tbc where it took weeks of hopping through hoops and rep grinds to catch up to current content and pvp was horribly imbalanced .
i do n't want to go back to wrath where classes were finally getting balanced and pve mechanics became more interesting .
i want a world of warcraft that feels more like a world .
i think the accessibility of the current game is suffocating .
i get a ton of trading goods for 5 minutes of effort per day .
i get a ton of gold for clicking 10 buttons a day .
i can literally afk auto or suicide in lfr and get rewarded .
i can raid heroic content with no more than two messages per boss sent to the other tank .
i could fit everything i say in wow over the course of a day into a single tweet .
censorship is proof that you 're side is wrong .
people should n't be so afraid of dissenting opinions .
you do n't see me censoring for example flat earthers .
because i know i 'm right on that issue i 've been in an airplane at high altitute it would be nice if others had this opinion on vaxxers but like many conspiracy theories the anti-conspiracy people are trying to make conspiracy theories illegal and again that 's how you know they are wrong .
another thing about the thing '' is that the protagonists are scientists .
the blood test scene and other examples shows that logical thinking is the way to beat any unknown threat .
the fight scenes are very un super hero i.e .
that 's typical for 70-80 's anti hero trend in movies some of them were so much more realistic .
i think this movie made me want to be a scientist .
employee hello welcome to insert fast food restaurant name how may i take your order ''
employee what would you like to order sir madam ''
customer proceeds to park and walk into restaurant with drive thru food .
to other users posting on this thread and not to the submitter of this particular thread offering on price check and question threads is not allowed .
failure to abide by this rule may result in a temporary or permanent ban .
sharking is not tolerated here and any attempt made will result in a permanent ban .
please refer to our subreddit 's rules as well if you have any doubts .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/globaloffensivetrade if you have any questions or concerns .
countries where iphone costs more than a month 's salary due to insane exchange rates .
they 're just doing that to get under your skin .
we scream murica '' when it does n't even make sense .
we know you breed the best and are the team to beat in international play .
hell you guys can have two ... even three international teams if it were allowed .
but when we make fun of the fact there are no canadian teams in the playoffs we are making fun of the canucks flames jets oilers sens leafs and canadiens and their fans .
making fun of those teams happen because they 're easy targets .
they 're in a country where hockey is the main sport and their fans are at least 5 times more passionate/hardcore than any us team .
both 分からない and 分かっていない can be used here though the nuance of the meaning changes a little .
in this context 分からない means to not know at this moment '' while 分かっていない means to be in a state where one did not know before this moment and one continues to not know at this moment . ''
the difference in nuance between まだ分からない and まだ分かっていない would be that the latter places more emphasis on the not knowing something in the past up until and including now . ''
for example still in the context of the above sentence
まだ分からない → i still do not know now . ''
implicit hinting that if you asked me some time in the past i still would not have known
まだ分かっていない → i did not know back then and i still do not know now . ''
explicit note that this is essentially the same translation as just 分かっていない as i could n't find a way to translate this extra emphasis well
the short/blunt reason for this is that people simply do n't say 知っていない to express the idea that they do n't know something at this moment .
your question about 知っていない actually leads to a frequently discussed topic 1 2 3 4 5 among japanese native speakers and linguists studying the japanese language
why do we negate 知っている with 知らない instead of 知っていない ?
「知っていますか？」 is a question that asks if some x exists within the realm of your knowledge at this moment .
if you wanted to reply i do n't know now/at this moment '' then you would say 「知りません」 4 .
similar to the above point but worded differently 「知りません」 expresses the state of not knowing something at the time of utterance which is a sufficient answer to the question 「知っていますか？」 .
the point being made here is that 「知っていますか？」 asks for a current state 「知りません」 responds correctly with a current state but 「知っていません」 responds with information starting from the past leading up to and including the current moment which is more information than is asked for 5 .
tl dr people say 知らない to express not knowing something at the current moment not 知っていない .
the articles linked below are interesting though check them out if you 'd like to dive deeper .
is n't the 〜ていない form supposed to be used when accompanied by まだ ?
nope you can say things like 「まだ食べるの？」 or 「まだあきらめない」 .
but i can understand why you might have thought that since まだ ... ～ていない is a common pattern to express have n't done x yet . ''
even for expressing not having done x yet '' there are times when you can use ～ない instead of ～ていない 6
「まだやってない」 → has n't finished or has n't even started yet .
「まだやらない」 → does n't want to work on it at the moment or is waiting for the conditions to be right before s/he can start working on it sounds like procrastination
「まだ送りません。」 → choosing not to send it out yet because it 's not ready to be sent out or just waiting for the appropriate time/conditions before sending it out .
is it grammatically incorrect to use the 〜ていない forms instead of the plain negative forms ?
if not is there a difference in meaning or nuance if the 〜ていない forms are used ?
it is n't grammatically incorrect as demonstrated above with the exception of the discussion about 知らない which is a special case and hopefully the explanations were enough to highlight the differences in meaning between the ～ていない and plain negative forms .
yea that seems right anyway good luck with everything tc mate .
those were all signed when the indigenous people in those countries were in much better negotiating positions .
the fact is indigenous australians were never as formidable militarily as those in america nz or canada .
do you want an update from how the campaign feels after ny ?
here 's 24 hours after the results tad devine explaining what he sees .
the ratings make their yearly change when you enter the regular season .
high potential players have a chance to make big jumps like that .
i 'm a sucker for movie quotes and if someone even quotes prepositions from movies then i got ta upvote it .
you 've picked a parts list which does the job .
many go for glitter over the raw nuts of a machine .
you 've managed to pick a parts list which should perform admirably and i do n't see any frippery or unnecessary bling which is a welcome sight .
i 'm a simple girl i see hellsing i upvote d
the room with the beds is just the original garage and op built a metal room on the outside of the garage .
it actually depends on a couple of things namely how recently it was bought as well as if the store has the other size in stock .
since they have to send off for a resize if it was bought within so many days and they have the other size in stock they 'll just exchange it .
either way the solution would be similar for all os .
dilaudid only ever lasted me about 30ins max banging two 8mg triangles .
the rush is heavy and euphoric but like he said no legs .
they 're normally a dollar an mg where i get em and you need at least 8mg with an opiate tolerance to have it feel like anything more than banging a 30mg morphine or something not shit to most users ... its 70 a g for sine decent powder where im from so fire bth at 80 a g is def the better choice
i 've built many machines and that sound still makes my arsehole pucker !
kk thanks for the hatch very much and have a good night .
it 's hard to imagine guys like louie and chris rock continuously working with a guy they do n't like or is widely renowned as a shitty comedian '' .
there are many comedians forced to work with other comedians beacuse they are popular obviously with rock louie and jerry they like gervais ' stuff but there are many other comedians that dont like him hell he only even has one comedy special that is popular one show that lasted two seasons that was a hit and he was good in that role but since then i think all he really does is mainly produce and make cameos which all be it as a business man he is probably smart as fuck the amount of cameos and how much i have to see him is fact of that .
some people like him i do not many other people do not reddit apperently has some kind of hard on for him because his new movie looked absoluetly terrible and i think its gon na flop super hard then again i may have to eat my words
it 's not an opinion when you say he 's widely regarded as ... ''
yeah that was a pretty big stretch but tis reddit
and it 's pretentious as fuck to say something like watch more comedy specials if you think gervais is good '' .
yeah but you should still go watch more comedy specials if you think gervais is good want me to get even more pretentious there is an art to crafting a special as well as an art to being funny when you do it as a profession when you go to wendys or something and you order a cheeseburger and they give you chicken nuggets youre allowed to say wow he/she is working like shit today .
that is ricky gervais everytime he is on camera minus select web segments the office his special and the golden globes and he is on camera a lot more than that id say like over half his stuff bombs but we can only say after his new movie
i was more referring to you talking out of your ass about the paul provensa show also rosaenne is actually really funny when she isnt on her show like i said watch a couple other specials might change your mind if not sorry i wasted your time also thanks for reading this small essay of a response and if anyone other than u/tenaciousdeev is reading this deep go outside or somethin haha
but yeah since your game is a grid you do n't even need physics and instead some kind of 2d array and per grid tile animations might have worked as well .
although i 'm really not sure how to do turn-based myself and really wanted to make a game like x-com .
also i think this project https github.com/randyyaj/godot_grid2d might have turns if you wanted to check it out .
personally i think the heat lost that series more than the mavs won it .
the heat choked and could have won that series in 5 games if they hadnt have gotten so cocky
if at first you do n't succeed please tell me what it is like .
so you pretend yo have knowledge of bandwidth yet you completely miss the most obvious .
because the server has a 1gbps card in it does not mean you get 1gbps internet bandwidth .
this means nothing also ... as a datacenter specialist '' you should be aware all the matters is the guaranteed upload/download speeds as per your sla .
this was a fantastic response to a difficult situation .
you have a good point i 'll try and find someone who will listen and help .
there 's the classic method of photocopying the one from the book or just writing the stuff down on paper .
as for programs to help you out you 've got a few options .
chummer is free if incredibly clunky and sometimes rather tempermental .
then you have herolab but that costs actual money .
it 's better about everything working right however it takes ages for things to get added in .
that 's not how you get a happy marriage .
i agree but i 'd still be a little concerned with tulo since he was bad with toronto last year also
yes in my head that 's what it means but obviously someone put that pillow in its little case haha ...
the repubs are so far up the asses of any oil security/revenue/infrastructure yes that includes the saudis its not even comparable .
no we already have a first name but i 'll hold on to this in the event we have twins
he 's not hated across the league '' because nobody thinks about him .
and we 're not talking about andrew shaw or brad marchand he 's just a shit hockey player .
hit on orpik was 100000 clean but you ca n't say he 's classy because it looks like he cares when his teammates are hurt on a legal play but also taunts the other bench when they have a serious injury on a legal play
i 've always said that i prefer a good burger over a really good steak .
how would i go about joining up it says submit an army and kill team list but you have n't given how many points we can use to submit that army .
also are there any limits on what races we can select ?
thinking back i do n't think i 've purchased a single game this year yet except tales from the borderlands in a sale .
during my college years i bought 2 games a month .
now i tend to get 4 games all year .
five brigadiers three colonels and one major general are among those dismissed by the army chief dawnnews reported .
update other sources are saying the dismissed include a lt. general as well so in total 2 general officers .
according to the calculator i 'll need to spend 22 love gems on tiering which should result in a break-even possibly even a net gain depending on whether or not i fc more songs and stuff which is starting to make tiering a lot more appealing honestly .
it is so refreshing to actually be able to quickly identify quality people through the common ground we share supporting trump .
even if it comes to it that the system is so messed up that he won't/ca n't change much i will forever cherish this community building we have witnessed these last months .
here 's an article on these things if you want to know more http www.htxt.co.za/2016/04/20/track-n-go-can-turn-your-car-into-a-tracked-snow-vehicle-in-15-minutes
what 's a good classification loss when doing multi task learning with regression minimizing mse and classification in the same time ?
sales keep listed on psprices even if they 've ended which is usually one or two weeks after they begin
not at ilford it was a dangerous and aggressive scrum today .
tfl need to step up commuter education efforts it 's getting to the point where people will be seriously hurt .
because you ca n't really have an argumented opinion on your own .
have you tried talking to support zombiesrungame.com with feedback about the feature ?
i 'm good paul just got an answer from cindy on support innokin.com
i do n't really rate pique and mascherano as great defenders .
they 're lucky they do n't have to defend that much .
its not a question of existince but of what is there before it is observed
just live your life your way and learn from your mistakes .
we all make them and we all grow from them .
we do n't know that valyrian ancestry is required for dragonriding .
i 'm kinda hopeful of that but i 'd put my money on a 1 or even two year ufa backup signing after next year so demko can stay down as a starter .
probably just a 1 year nothing contract to back up marky
i might have to bight the bullet and give it a go
tinder is the easiest way to get pussy without wasting time in bars and cafes talking to 100s of used up sluts who think they are the shit .
the declaration of independence was about state 's rights not taxation !
head and shoulders are now selling our new product electricity 100 chemical free !
wait ... that does n't sound right and when do light bulbs ever say 100 chemical free on them .
i think you have to give lallana a lot credit over the past few months he 's been our best player in my opinion .
i got a nice stack of computer paper waiting for you in my office baby
i hope these guys get fucking nailed to the wall .
as you know more about greco-roman world you could create a greek character any background could do .
this way your character and yourself would know the same amount of stuff about those weird egyptians .
a slave is totally possible then and any class could do i guess even some exotic '' priest of zeus or dionysos or a mage believing in hermes trismegiste or misteries initiate .
not sure what happened with em i re uploaded and edited my post above
there is hardly ever any info as to why artist pulls releases or tracks .
jeg vil gerne være en der har overskud til andre i bredeste forstand .
jeg gider ikke ende som et ensomt kynisk røvhul !
if somebody dies just construct a new instance of the universe .
you have managed to capture a high resolution photo of a meteorological phenomenon so rare it was an urban myth until the 60 's .
you should send this to your local news broadcaster .
it might be something the meteorology team would find interesting and maybe feature in a broadcast .
1 sign we have taken these lists of shit too far .
in any case modern western women are vermin whose vaginas are everybody 's and who love rapists .
what 's different now than in that 2014 post is that i now know it 's easy to get away with it just do n't make them know you 're incel .
you 're trying so hard that i think the only one you 're trying to convice is yourself honestly .
also they can see you 're an incel you do n't need to make them know your obvious lack of touch with the real world and women is enough for them to see it .
and before you argue that i 'm a normie chad or whatever i 'm an ugly 23years old virgin that only had one gf in his life for 3months .
well he had at least one good pass today .
i think it 's fucked up the way some fans '' treat him .
at the same time i still shit myself whenever i saw a lineup without carvajal .
i wrestle for hough high school and our club is husyky wrestling
et puis merde regardez la gueule de la gifle '' en question .
une gifle c'est un truc qui part de loin et qui s'entend à dix mètres quand ça arrive dans le tympan rien à voir avec la pichenette d'agacement dont on parle .
on n'est tellement plus habitués à réagir énergiquement qu'on déclenche des discussions de trois jours sur le thème est-ce bien raisonnable et réfléchi de coller une tarte à un gars qui vient te faire chier alors que t'es posé dans ton canapé '' c'est désespérant .
this is kinda like when i did n't get patch notes .
when you 're that fed up with the game you explore the options menu '' p
first if no one works the government stops collecting taxes which people do n't seem to realise come from the salaries that people are earning from private companies .
people would still work because most people want the american dream to be rich .
the ubi would essentially sit them right on the cusp of the current poverty line as i understand it .
as for income tax revenue those making under 15,000 only generated 0.1 of the total tax revenue in 2014 according to a pew poll .
and often these same people have a negative income tax rate due to certain tax credits .
so it looks to me like we 're already standing where you fear we might end up and actually we 've been here for awhile .
second if people earn a decent amount of money for staying home and not even trying that amount becomes the new zero .
in other words you 're just devaluating your currency massively without achieving anything .
eventually all goods and services would raise their prices to adjust for inflation and you 'd just end up with a much weaker economy for no reason .
how is getting rid of extreme poverty not an achievement ?
and secondly there would have to be certain regulations put in place for the things ubi covers to prevent it from becoming the new zero . ''
rent-control and ag subsidies are two examples of the types of regulations we already have in place to control prices of commodities .
there does n't seem to be a consensus on inflation yet but maybe with all of the new studies happening in the near future we may get some more concrete evidence .
third if people already get a salary '' for doing nothing that means you need to pay them more to convince them to work for you ... since they no longer have the incentive to work for survival so you either pay them significantly more or they 'll pass .
i would wager that most americans are never working solely for survival there is always another goal in mind .
people work to save money for retirement for their kids to go to college for nice cars for fancy gadgets to impress the opposite sex or even the same sex and much more .
for most jobs you would n't have to pay people more you would just have to stop treating them like shit or they could actually quit .
bosses would have to respect their workers because they do n't need the job anymore but that does n't mean they do n't want it .
certain positions like fruit pickers will definitely have a wage increase though but to be fair the current wage for that is too low and they only get away with it by taking advantage of migrant workers .
suddenly a mcdonald 's burger costs 30 just to cover costs a drink at a bar is 50 ... etc .
i know you are exaggerating here but do you really think people would pay 50x the price of something just because they did n't have to work for their 1250 that month ?
1250 rent groceries utilities insurance retirement fund ... and if they 're thrifty and eat at maintenance they end up with some pocket change to enjoy themselves .
the cost of a drink might rise but eventually people would stop drinking at bars and start drinking at home .
poor people would have only slightly more money than they do now except they would also have an additional 40 hours to either earn more money or get an education or pursue the arts or even start a business .
fourth if i have a business idea on top of the stupidly high salaries that i would need to pay i also need to give 90 of what i make to the government .
you are assuming your third point is true which it may be but we do n't know so i will ignore that part .
i also do n't see where you got this 90 corporate tax rate figure .
not really sure how to respond to this point to be honest .
i do n't understand how this fits any definition of communism .
could you elaborate more on why a basic income is a communist thing or how it leads to communism ?
after i wrote all of this i thought about just not posting it but i 'm actually curious to hear your response .
many people seem to be against what they perceive ubi might look like and not necessarily what it would actually look like .
i still think we need more data but we should n't take ubi off the table until we have a national conversation about it .
i wo n't give legal information but rather some practical information .
2 nights of a hotel and 600 dollars are probably cheaper then failing the test .
if somebody is reading this post and feeling like commiting suicide please reach out to people talk about your problems and do not neglect yourself .
someday when it is all over you will look back and see that it was so much worth it saving yourself .
also someone in this thread is either shadowbanned or had their comment swallowed by the server .
do n't forget you 'll get full value by disenchant at launch from old gods not before .
i used belif powder sunscreen before and it was too white to apply on top of my foundation .
or maybe it is just too white for my southeast asian skin .
still hoping i 'm also just not getting a tracking code or charge and my vive will be there all of the sudden d
they are the best '' option for ilvl i can get .
i refuse to pick lore weapon since i do n't raid
and this is why sanders supporters on reddit are not taken seriously .
give me what i want or i 'll throw my toys out of the pram and call you names ! ''
once sanders loses the nomination 80 of his supporters will go back to not caring about politics just like before .
just another reason not to take people like you seriously .
they were probably just waiting for him to sell himself harder .
it 's a bad way of doing it but i guess it could work .
this reminds me of the moment in the first season of red vs. blue where church and tucker are trying to explain the importance of the flag to caboose .
caboose they did n't tell us anything about a flag ... why is it so important ?
church because it 's the flag man you know it 's the fl ... it 's the flag it 's ... tucker you tell him why the flag is so important . ''
why would i even argue with you when you obviously do n't know what you 're talking about .
you could barely take on more than two mobs if you even could do that .
you had to kite you had to use potions scroll buffs and you almost always ran out of mana if you pulled more than two mobs as a caster .
in the haruhi novels there are two type of books ones where the whole book cover a complete arc and others that have a bunch of small stand-alone stories .
the books that cover complete stories are in chronological order but some of the small stories of the others books are not .
so it 's a mix of chronological and no-crhonologial but the main plotline is mostly chronological .
it 's like they 're trying extra hard not to be funny anymore .
can you deposit it now and ask for vivillon ?
actually i havent played it in nearly 2 months i think im finally free from the treadmill .
i would prefer mobile app that only buttons to confirm trades/market listings .
trading from phone even worse than trading from desktop steam client instead of normal browser like chrome or firefox
at our reception i was drying my hands in the bathroom when it flew off my finger bounced high and right at the sink ... with the open drain .
i managed to slap it to the floor and several guys were impressed with the bullet i just dodged .
we 're on our honeymoon and we go snorkeling .
i 'm having problems with my mask and go back to the boat then head back out .
a little while later i notice my ring is gone .
i go back to the boat and let them know what happened .
one of the crew members is diving for shells while we snorkel .
he asks where i was when i fixed my mask and dives there twice and finds it !
a couple of years later i 'm taking our son out on his first halloween trick or treat .
when we get back i notice my ring is once again gone .
i search all over our house and retrace my route that evening and the next day with no luck .
next spring i 'm doing yard work notice a glint in the grass sure enough there is my ring half buried in the ground .
there are more close calls but these are the notable highlights .
i have no idea what dark lord my ring is trying to escape to but screw him it is mine now .
me 32f hl well i used to be ... .
we dated 1 year then were in a ldr for 2.5 years and now have lived together for 1 year .
i love him and we 're a great couple in many ways .
we 're physically affectionate with each other cuddling kisses but ... we have n't had sex in over six months and it was sporadic before that .
had a rough couple of years with the ldr while i was in college and during that time i was raped which comes with its own baggage and then moving to a brand new city where i do n't know anyone except bf and being unemployed for almost a year .
throughout this i 've always had a higher libido than bf .
i would be happy having sex every other day-ish or several times a week .
about three months ago i made him talk about our sex life and he said he was n't attracted to me when i 'm so depressed .
this makes me angry because it 's not like i 'm mopey depressed every day or all the time i 'm usually just fine .
i feel like that excuse is just a cover .
i think in the past he 's been afraid to initiate sex in case he ca n't keep it up .
i 've tried to be supportive of him in the moment and i 've encouraged him to go to the doctor and get checked out to make sure it 's not a physical issue but we both think it 's mental .
to be honest sex often kind of sucks because he 's in a rush to get through with it before he loses it .
and now i find my libido being killed bit by bit the longer we go without sex .
i even find it difficult to masturbate because it just makes me resentful that that 's the only kind of action i 'm ever getting .
does anyone have any ideas on how to make this situation better ?
i feel stuck because i really do love him and we plan to get married and have kids and all that and i want that but i want sex too .
i have 3 keys for a csgo gift that is available in any region .
as much as we hate how assassination and data recovery play out .
now our main ship that require to warp out in order to win will have a chance to stuck inside the warp now .
can we just remove two of these game mode completely ?
they do nothing to make it fun to play but to make it worse .
this thing rotates so much differently than the fr cars that i 'm constantly underrotating and then snap oversteering such that my nose buries itself in the birm at the apex and my car is perpendicular to the road .
the few times i 've found hits to share i copy and paste each required detail from the hit page and it takes me a while .
just wondering if there is a quicker way to share a hit on hwtf ?
i am new this is true but i 'm a huge fan of shakespeare .
also to be fair i 'm entirely new to reddit as a whole but have found it increasingly useful over the last couple of weeks .
and to solidify my love of shakespeare i own all of his collective works in tiny blue books that were originally printed in the early 1900s .
what i really want to know is what your favorite play is .
i recently read henry v '' and found it one of my favorites .
it 's been a while since i have really got into his plays but i have read everything from the standard romeo and juliet '' to a comedy of errors . ''
having this collection at my finger tips i feel i should better put it to use now that i have some more time .
hello al i wanted to give an update after my whirlwind weekend introducing my girlfriend to my family .
i was the maid of honor at my sister 's wedding this past weekend .
both sides of my very large family were in attendance and this is the second significant other anyone has ever met .
i 'm lucky in that my family is very liberal and did n't even blink when i introduced her .
it went so much more smoothly than i anticipated .
my mom took her aside and had a short talk during the wedding .
apparently it was the what are your intentions with my daughter '' talk .
various relatives commented that not only do i look happy but that they hoped to see my girlfriend again .
i 've been busy all week but it 's pretty much a done deal that i 'll be moving in at then end of the term .
i 'm so over the moon and in love right now .
and i wanted to share a happy coming out story where my family is super supportive and loving .
edit for clarity 's sake here is my previous post https www.reddit.com/r/actuallesbians/comments/4cu6qy/my_girlfriend_is_meeting_my_family_for_the_first with more details .
i did n't make any grand announcements just casually introduced my girlfriend to people as we bumped into each other .
all immediate family were aware of my situation months in advance so most of the family was aware well before the wedding .
trust me there was n't any spotlight on me during the event and i made no reference during my maid of honor speech .
adding war goals like secede planet should be like adding planets to a sector .
while liberate and other ones could stay the same .
so my german class is full of hot girls .
it 's a small class with 15 people and 50/50 ratio of guys to girls .
i nearly die every time i walk in the room because of all the beauty that 's in there .
anyways there 's this one girl let 's call her ashley who is especially hot and she 's sweet as well .
we were doing a group project today and she sat in front of me .
as we were talking i looked her in the eye and felt no fear .
usually with hot or pretty girls i lose my cool and i ca n't even form a proper sentence but today was different .
i did n't mumble look down or say anything stupid like i usualy do .
i 'm only on day 4 but already i 'm starting to see the effects of subconciously knowing that i do n't indulge in vulgar digital filth take place .
i got a asus rog laptop on christmas and i 've been playing on it since .
however i feel that the performance is a lacking a small bit .
i want to know what kind of software/hardware settings i should go through and apply .
i need help mostly on the cpu as i do understand how the hardware works to an extent but i do n't understand how it should be setup regarding cores and such .
i had a problem with the gpus as it came with an 960m and an intel card .
the computer was using the intel card as its primary card and i somewhat fixed that .
i set the default card to the 960m but it always says that the intel card is used for the laptop display no matter what i tried in the computer settings my guess is that the hardware is just wired that way .
so 4 months in and i just need a checklist as to how i should set things up via system settings if you guys list something i do n't know i 'll either ask or go to google the specs of the top of my head are i7 cpu,960m and 16 gb ram .
i 'll post the specifics tomorrow if need be .
at long last i can enjoy the most eccentric parts of thamcraft 's magic .
we are an exclusive bordello that holds slaves with little to no limits .
this is a haven for those looking for that extra something .
if you 're looking for a good fuck do n't hesitate to message umbreal or flufiluff for an invite .
let it be known that we only accept the finest masters to have the privilege of playing with our slaves .
if you have little experience in roleplay this is not the place for you .
as a master you will be invited into the chat you will pick your toy and then you leave to continue in private messages .
masters will need to present a code word below and participate in a rather simple roleplay test .
if you wish to become one of our slaves you may message black.mercy with the code word below and you too will participate in a small test .
be reminded that this group is not for the faint of heart .
again masters and mistresses may message umbreal or flufiluff and slaves may message black.mercy .
i have deleted and reinstalled the android app 3 times i am a subscriber .
i can view and listen to apps on the desktop version which is pointless i want to download and listen to them on the go .
it is the strongest that you can get by prescription .
i will be using it to hopefully get rid of some bad sun damage and very mild acne .
i am terrified to use it for more than two days in a row .
my skin starts to peel i get scared and then i do n't use it again for a week .
can someone tell me their experience using retin-a and how you got through the adjustment phase ?
huntsman fade fn 95 fade with 0.007fv b/o 90 keys
some prices are negotiable just send me a trade offer .
a friend of mine on fb posted a status that there 'll be a gundam expo in the philippines this june .
do n't want to lead just follow and get experience .
i was just wondering what would be the best study package to get if you want video tutorials/lessons on certain chapters ?
i know youtube has a bunch but are there any other things you can purchase that teach well ?
looking for p exam material more specifically moment generating functions
i just picked up the new gf9 tarokka deck and man is it new !
i 'm shuffling it like crazy to loosen it up a bit but i feel like it 's way too glossy and clean to look like a deck the great madam eva would carry with her to divine her visions .
does anyone have some suggestions for a good way to wear and weather the cards without ruining them ?
since they are n't like a poker deck i 'm not worried about uneven wear that would mark '' the back of the cards or even minor damage as long as the deck would still shuffle pretty well .
edit apologies for what i guess was more of an arts-and-crafts question than a direct d d question .
my logic was that i 'm always impressed with the creativity and talent of the d d redditors that share their homemade props dice towers dm screens etc. and thought someone might have some good ideas for improving on a d d product .
personally i 've never been of fan of it just being called the organization . ''
the biggest and most dangerous threat looming over the land and it does n't even have a proper name .
although maybe that 's exactly what they were going for .
the more mysterious and unknown they are the easier they can keep their true intentions under wraps .
if you 're looking to cash out via keys or inventory i am your guy i can provide you with a safe cash out my rates are below .
comment here with your cash rep and comment on my profile before adding me
1 ak-47 frontside misty minimal wear http steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198119033540/inventory 730_2_5905829956 0.12377136945724 http csgo.exchange/item/5905829956 sticker luminosity gaming foil cluj-napoca 2015 http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c luminosity gaming 28foil 29 7c cluj-napoca 2015 sticker team envyus foil cluj-napoca 2015 http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c team envyus 28foil 29 7c cluj-napoca 2015 sticker ninjas in pyjamas foil cluj-napoca 2015 http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c ninjas in pyjamas 28foil 29 7c cluj-napoca 2015 sticker astralis holo mlg columbus 2016 http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c astralis 28holo 29 7c mlg columbus 2016 6
1 m4a1-s guardian minimal wear http steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198119033540/inventory 730_2_5818334424 0.078734673559666 http csgo.exchange/item/5818334424 sticker rain cluj-napoca 2015 http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c rain 7c cluj-napoca 2015 sticker ninjas in pyjamas cologne 2014 http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c ninjas in pyjamas 7c cologne 2014 sticker natus vincere cologne 2014 http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c natus vincere 7c cologne 2014 3
1 awp corticera minimal wear http steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198119033540/inventory 730_2_5818334144 0.12460657954216 http csgo.exchange/item/5818334144 sticker fnatic cologne 2015 http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c fnatic 7c cologne 2015 sticker awp country http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c awp country sticker queen of pain http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c queen of pain sticker fnatic katowice 2015 http steamcommunity.com/market/listings/730/sticker 7c fnatic 7c katowice 2015 3
following peace talks between fascists and spaniards none of which included the monarchists the monarchists have organized large protests in the town the talks are being held in .
the ministry of the interior has issued a statment incuraging people to protest in madrid instead of olivenza due to olivenza having a huge troop presence because of portugal claiming ownership of it it .
prime minister jurado also has made it quite clear she thinks that spain speaks for the monarchists who she has been dismissive of lately .
numbers of protesters have reached into the low thousands with no violence although the atmosphere is quite tense the monarchist did come armed in case of a fascist attack .
the prime minister and portugese president are expected to soon announce a new agreement which may cause trouble .
m rng will be if they turn violent grow in numbers or have demands met .
i 'll be there tomorrow bright and early at 8am !
anyone else get buzzed in the tower in se ?
sounded like they were pushing the throttle pretty healthy !
i have been looking for a specific professional ks original i finally found it on the scm and i would like to offer the person .
is there a way i can message that person ?
b/o 59 keys for m9 nilla 15~~14 keys for asiimov
we all know that the mp7 mp5 kapkan 's smg or any smg for that matter outclasses all ar 's .
you get the same accuracy and nearly the same range in exchange for a damage drop off that is nullififed by being able to spray your whole clip with little to no consequence .
constantly i enter a firefight with a smoke or bandit with ashe 's ar at medium range .
i fire in short controlled bursts at the head with 4 rounds even registering on my enemy 's killcam only to be slain by a torrent of inferior rounds .
rng comes into play when my tactical aiming and firing of my ar is outclassed by throwing the proverbial spaghetti at the wall to see what sticks .
smg 's pump out so many rounds that one of them is bound to dome you before you confirm the kill .
you can not execute the same playstyle with an ar due to recoil .
my question is what is the counterplay to smg 's ?
it was in the desert like everything around was desert and ruins in the middle there was someone/something buried only head was visible or whatever that was and some part of the body i ca n't remember it well .
the name of the patch was something like 'the coming ' not sure about that but word 'come ' was surely used .
also for some reasons the post wykrhm submitted only had 56 upvotes that image i can see clearly .
so yeah i thought it might be interesting and well who knows maybe i have some hidden talent to see future .
and yeah we all gon na ignore the fact that i was thinking so much about the patch i had a dream about it ...
i 'm really new to this game and i 'm kinda noob in abstract strategy in general .
but i love the books and the game looks very interesting and fun .
btw english is not my first language so if you notice any mistakes feel free to quote and correct them .
it 's the only way for me to learn .
so i was thinking about some terminology for the game in addition to the official one maybe some of those will become official .
so here are some of the terms i thought about
predator a wall piece dedicated '' for sucking up enemy flatstones .
i personally do n't use this tactic much but the term has a nice ring to it .
fed predator a predator that has reached the carry limit and can not move without releasing enemy flats .
fed overfed stack a stack that has reached or exceeded the stack limit .
usually i only refer to a stack as overfed if the bottom piece is a captive that will be released .
flat win/loss the extremely humiliating situation of losing the game before even a single stack was formed hence flat .
i was also thinking about flatboard flatboard win but i like flat win better .
win by flats winning by flats count replaces the official term flat win
zebra/zebra stack a stack which has a black-white-black composition .
does n't have any real strategic meaning but sounds nice .
max potential the maximum distance a top piece of a stack can move in a direction for example a stack can have a max potential of 2 left 1 right 3 up and 0 down
lossless potential the maximum distance a top piece can move without releasing any captives in a direction like max potential .
i 've seen other terms like influence and concentration .
but those are the only ones i remember and they are too complex so i did n't want to include them in here fearing i might give a wrong explanation .
what terms do you use and what do you think of mine ?
saw a little mini-debate in another thread and it got me thinking.it 's a pretty cliche concept for the guy who starts off incompetent as hell to end up ridiculously strong later on in the story especially after losing someone important to them .
but we already have ruby yang weiss blake and nora who are all one woman armies.so would n't it be redundant ?
not saying he needs to be useless but is there a way to improve him without making it completely pointless/redundant ?
has this happend to anyone first time in years that it has dropped sice my new pc .
to start off i am taking a year after college to travel through central and south america with friend who is completely fluent in both spanish and english however i wanted to catch up on my spanish .
i have studied 4 years of spanish two of which were in highschool and the other my first two years of college .
however it has been about 3 years since i was in a spanish class .
my major question is what would someone recommend in order to get back into the language .
i was thinking about buying a verb book in order to be able to catch back up .
are there any good common phrase '' books worth picking up ?
i 'm playing diamond dynasty conquer atm and was wondering is there a way to make my helmet like arizona 's batting helmet matte black colour
googling on it only finds me threads from a year back with people saying its fixed etc .
trying to see some new more recent outings in asian horror/asian extreme .
for those who do n't know you already have 2 free emotes .
go into the hanger jukebox room down stairs an go to the emote kiosk .
you have a nope '' and yes '' emote to pick up even if you have n't spent any silver .
i watched this on xvideos.com but ca n't find it anymore ...
it was a homemade film between an asian male porn star who had tattoos like keni styles and a white female porn star her first name starts with al '' ... that i had n't heard much before .
what was memorable about the film was that they were mostly the guy super intense throughout sex almost non-stop .
my run in with these slick devils was while i was on duty at the barracks here in okinawa being in the military i do n't fear much of anything since my combat tour to afghanistan but it was just a regular night of duty when i 'm making my rounds up on third deck when the automatic hall lights go out no biggie right except i can see this hulking figure moving in my direction think it was one my guys stumbling around drunk i waited at my end for this guy to come my way after about five minutes or so i saw it stumble into a room at the far end of the hallway i walked down to see if they are ok i notate the room number and knock but was greeted with silence so being it was about two in the morning i said fuck an made my way back down to my desk
next day i asked the barracks manger who lived in room 339 they told me the room is vacant .
an no one has been in there since the suicide of a service member
i have duty tonight so i 'm staking out the room and now reddit we wait
is there anyway to resize the coverlay to make the card list smaller horizontally or can you only resize it vertically ?
back in 2015 while running windows 7 i purchased a tp-link archer t2uh .
now after upgrading to windows 10 i am only able to get n band .
i read on tp-link 's website that the dongle is not currently supported for windows 10 .
after doing some research i 've found that quite a few dongles just do n't have windows 10 compatibility .
any suggestions for a decent-range i am looking for physical antennas ac wireless adapter that has windows 10 drivers or will definitely work in 5ghz ac with windows 10 ?
i hope this is the right place to post this .
i recently recieved the paperwork for property i inherited a few years ago from my aunt .
i have no idea what to do with it .
it is around 7 acres a few minutes outside of barstow ca in calico ghost town area if that means anything to anyone .
my wife and i do not personnally want to utilize the property and it is a vacant lot .
we hope to move out of state soon so holding on to it seems silly but i have always heard that you should n't sell california property so i 'm guessing there is something smarter we could do with it .
my question is what are my options for the property ?
the only business in the area is a tow yard next door that has made low-ball offers on it .
we are digging ourselves out of a massive debt and can finally see the end of it thanks to my parents for taking us in .
so seeing the value of the property is very tempting to just sell it and move on completely debt free but instead we want to make the smart decision .
i bought them for 55 k each and i have 3 now people are selling for cheap
a guy offered me 150 for 3 but i bought them for 165
v in this hand is a bit of an anomaly .
mid 30 's female very aggressive both preflop and post .
witnessed one hand where v raised 12 pf in lp .
v bets 17 bb reraises to 34 and v 3 !
bb folds and v shows the a hi bluff .
recognizes the power of position and she 's sitting directly to my left .
we tangled in a hand were she raised 12 utg .
i chk she bets 16 i raised to 45 .
i did a seat change so she may think i 'm savvy and recognizes my poor seating ... ... but otth
apologies in advance if this violates one of the trading rules i 've seen some giveaway threads in the past here and i am giving this code out without asking for anything in return .
as you may know in january pokemon gave away multiple mew codes via gamestop .
i was able to get like a dozen of these cards and gave away a ton on r/pokemon .
but i kept one code card for a later date .
they expire on may 31 and i 'm surely going to forget about it so i 've decided to give it away now .
guess a number between 1 and 1000 closest one without going over will get it .
will choose a winner sometime tomorrow around noon eastern time .
note you must use your code within 24 hours as i will be handing it off to the 2nd place winner to try and use to prevent someone from trying to sell my code .
i would really like to decorate a house with all sorts of stuff but i ca n't even put bottles on top of a shelf in my building .
a bottle on top of a table it 'll fall over and i try to get the bottle but end up picking up the table and everything falls
i 'm on console btw so idk if pc is different
i have a paper due in social tomorrow on the aztec and spanish interaction and i need someone to make sure they ca n't find any mistakes .
in an effort to push the old gods into viability it seems blizzard has made a lot more powerful taunt/defensive minions and spells than aggro-oriented ones while a lot of the nerfs hit some of the most useful tools fast decks used to have like owl and leper gnome .
now i know aggro/face decks are usually frowned upon by the community but is n't the existance these decks a necessity for a healthy deck variety on ladder ?
anyone else get this feeling almost every game will turn into a 10 minute long battle for value ?
namor seriously just buy the game rights to him from whoever has them marvel ... we need a little imperious rex in this game .
gladiator probably not likely until we start to get more into space exploration but i figured he 'd be sweet to have on your team or to take on sometime .
silver surfer an classic hero with lots of potential but i do n't expect him to get into the game until after ff goes back to marvel .
skaar we have a million spider people how about another hulk !
longshot we have domino how about another classic luck based character ?
scarlet spider kaine a dozen spiders and yet no scarlet spider ?
if we ever get another spiderverse spec op i expect he would be the lb hero .
spider-ham peter porker a spider bitten by a radioactive pig .
whichever outfit she does n't join the game in should be an alt .
original human torch/jim hammond come on we have johnny but how about the original ?
we also have spitfire who got her powers because of jim .
also i believe he 's connected to shield in some way .
polaris we have two of magneto 's kids screw that storyline that made the twins into not being maggie 's kids .
it 's asinine and was done just to spite fox why not her ?
also there 's not a lot of magnetic based characters yet so why not one more ?
strong guy a mutant that gets bigger and stronger the more he gets hit ?
could potentially get stronger and self buff 'pain ' since his powers are actually quite painful .
also where there 's one member of alpha flight ...
i think a couple canada based sos are in order eh ?
aurora honestly do n't know much about her other then she 's a mutant and in alpha flight .
sunspot we have cannonball why not his bestest buddy ?
lockjaw sorry kamala but lockjaw deserves to be his own hero .
hope summers not sure how she 'd work mechanically but i would love to find out !
justice kind of a bland character but we could use more telekinetics in the game .
i picture his as also dropping shields on his teammates .
i think penance would be the alt perhaps with classic or modern speedball as the base ?
ghost rider robbie reyes i freaking love this character if you have n't read his comic you really should .
he doens't have the spirit of vengeance but instead he has a satan worshiping ghost inside him with demonic powers .
thunderstrike eric masterson something old school giving us another thor type character for electric teams .
give him a few different attacks then brb and thor and away we go !
jubilee vampire i think if we were to get a jubes in this game its going to be her modern vampire powerset .
hopefully released with a '90s ' alt with fireworks though .
thor jane foster female thor made a big splash and i kind of like her .
ghost rider alejandra female ghost rider she did n't last too long but it 'd be nice to see her in here again .
toro the original human torch 's sidekick recently became shown to be an inhuman so it 's likely he 'll be in the game .
if we ever jump into an aoa or exiles storyline this would be a given !
really should have been more popular i would love for him to be in the game !
that was the first sleepwalker comic i ever read one of the first i ever owned .
just a note of what i think it could do .
he 's also an old standby and bringing him in could give us chase-hawk .
klara/rose red and interesting character and like the only runaway we do n't have yet .
sentry come on we have hyperion but not this superman knock off ?
though to be honest i want him just to run hyperion/sentry and superman all over the place .
nate grey/x-man an omega level mutant that deserves to come into this game .
armor a newer mutant but one of my favorites .
hellion we be needing some 'new x-men ' up in here !
dazzler gains a stack of some sort if anyone uses a sonic attack and one at the start of turn .
one of the oldest mutants not in the game yet .
songbird if you have n't read thunderbolts you should .
ruby summers freaking love this girl the best of both emma and scott sure she 's not from maa earth but still cool .
monkey king not super out there but i liked him during fear itself and we 've gotten some pretty obscure heroes in the past .
his old one is fugly and his newest comic version looks pretty badass .
captain america falcon infiltrator or tactician falcon is cap in the comics right now or last i checked and while i doubt this will happen in the game soon it 'd be pretty sweet .
classic flacon falcon infiltrator or scrapper another falcon alt this one more likely .
you know good old falcon maybe with a redwing passive like kitty 's lockheed ?
this of course is only if she gets released into the game .
zen-pool deadpool generalist or tact seriously a mostly pacifist deadpool ?
6. classic archangel blaster or infiltrator so far we have angel and x-factor why not give us his original purple/blue outfit ?
aoa sabertooth bruiser or scrapper most heroic sabes ever .
scarlet spider ben reilly infiltrator or scrapper not likely since he 's dead '' but still would be pretty cool .
maybe as an alt for kaine if he ever gets brought in as the scarlet spider .
thorr thor blaster/scrapper or bruiser/scrapper so after he became 'unworthy ' thor became 'thorr ' after picking up a corrupted version of mjolnir that only unworthy people could use .
toxin anti-venom bruiser/scrapper or scrapper/infiltrator eddie brock became the most recent host to the toxin symbiote after losing the avs .
classic venom anti-venom bruiser or infiltrator if you do n't want this you might be a monster .
ms. marvel moonstone blaster or tact they have this in game but not as an alt .
she 's pretty solid but it 'd be nice .
classic moonstone generalist or tact kree helmet and all !
meteorite moonstone tact or blaster another moonstone alt i know a bit much .
but what can i say she 's a pretty awesome character .
white queen emma frost tact or blaster mind control effects ?
classic whorish look when does n't she have that though ?
modern blizzard inhuman blaster or infiltrator blizzard with some extra powers .
chasehawk chase stein with darkhawk 's amulet scrapper or blaster nuff said .
take away old lace stuff give him dh stuff .
loki agent of asgard so preferable to rape face loki tact or infiltrator seriously give us any alternate option to the current loki .
strange blaster or tact maybe infiltrator http fast1.onesite.com/capcom-unity.com/user/brelston/ultimate_mvc3_tgs_2011/430d4b97ef18be4e2fc5a583102554cf.jpg ? v=270000 not sure what this brings to the table but it was just weird enough to be interesting .
not sure never was a big avengers fan so i 've never read his classic run .
yellow jacket hank pym scrapper or tactician i dislike pym as a character i do n't like his moveset .
johnny blaze ghost rider alt scrapper or blaster take away penance stare and such for hellfire shotguns and such .
witch hunter angela 1602 scrapper or tactician not very likely but she looks badass .
classic spiral generalist or infiltrator less about dancing more about war ?
the thing red hulk from 'future imperfect ' tact or bruiser just a rulk alt .
not sure how well it would work but it could be interesting .
modern spider woman scrapper or blaster sure she 's kuurth now but she could come back and get an upgrade !
wolverine x-23 scrapper/bruiser or scrapper/infiltrator this one is hard because it involves wolvy dying and who wants that ?
white vision generalist or blaster not sure on the passives .
horned loki infiltrator or tact maybe blaster over tact ?
and i 'm a big fan of the classics .
old man logan weaker healing factor but more durable .
tact infl scrapper it would be nice to see two interactive classes effective/weak on the same character .
sure you could blast a b/t but then you 'd give them a turn .
or a b/i you could attack them with a scrapper hit twice but they would get enraged !
iron spider bruiser/inf or bruiser/blaster possibly damage reductions abilities ?
future foundation dr. doom tact or blaster seriously i love doom love his kit but he 's useless in almost any situation other then some bosses .
losing a hero is n't worth it his health is n't high enough to make up for it .
thats it for now but that 's plenty let me know what you guys think !
gufw have a broken dependency on ubuntu 16.04 that prevents the application from starting .
there 's a very simple fix just install the missing dependency with the following command
there is a whole laundry list of stuff that has been done to the car while it was at the shop the po was a real shitter and this is what needed fixing
uninstall the ghetto rigged cooling fan the car had no thermostat .
the cooling fan was controlled by a switch on the dash .
surprisingly it managed to run albeit poorly after the fuel was cleaned out spark plugs cleaned and starter replaced .
he put a big as hell breaker bar on the nut for the eccentric shaft and just worked the motor until it was smooth and it managed to turn over .
it still needs a good amount of work done the biggest being fixing the exhaust leak where the headers meet the rotor housings it badly really badly needs a new fuel filter the throwout bearing is trashed and my gearbox just feels absolutely awful hoping a short shifter kit will fix that one or at least help it .
once all of that is done i 'll probably look into starting to get the interior sorted out so i 'd love to see if i can get anyone with custom interior work done to post some pictures in this thread for inspirations sake !
i 'm going to be cross posting this to other soulsborne subs but this is going to remain as the master-list if it generates any interest .
interested in knowing what some of your favorite channels podcasts and otherwise souls-related media hubs are .
whether they be streams youtube channels soundcloud casts or whatever else post em ' here with a short blurb please and i 'll get a list going in this op .
oroborotheninja https www.youtube.com/user/oroborotheninja mostly pvp content clips lots of playthrough stuff as well .
mriwont4get https www.youtube.com/user/mriwont4get really popular weapon showcase '' series pvp clips and general gameplay .
peeve peeverson https www.youtube.com/user/peevepeeverson mostly pvp content featuring a lot of discussion in addition to being a master troll .
vaatividya https www.youtube.com/user/vaatividya probably the most informative channel out there as far as soulsborne lore goes hours and hours of content really well edited and researched .
hellkite drake https www.youtube.com/user/hellkitedrakechannel/featured does quite a bit of musical remixes from the soulsborne games as well as other games with great soundtracks .
a german spy https www.youtube.com/user/agermanspy incredibly deep lore breakdown videos for the souls series and many others .
silvermont https www.youtube.com/user/silvermontgames lore gameplay big emphasis on staying spoiler-free !
poison arrow https soundcloud.com/enbsfx epicnamebro 's podcast covers way more content than i can fit in a blurb give it a listen !
bonfireside chat http duckfeed.tv/bonfiresidechat lots of content regarding the entire series self defined as every two weeks we take an area of the game in order and dissect it along with a guest '' .
mw redline w faze holo on wood and rekt holo in back fn nitro w 3 gambit holos mlg holo 9k
i wan na use some green leds to make a fishing light !
my ideal build would have a bright green someone focused beam to penetrate deep into the water.. im looking for something in the diy '' realm to give me some good idea on how to do it .
i am wondering if anyone has found an alternative to using the stock clamp that the thrustmaster comes with ?
i have a thrustmaster tx and my desk is just too thick for it to get a solid hold .
the wheel continuously slips off the desk little by little .
i do not want to drill through the desk and a rubber pad under the base did not work .
i do n't like the idea of wobbly wheel stands but i was looking at maybe trying a fanatec wheel base clamp ?
has anyone tried using their clamp with a thrustmaster wheel ?
just thought i 'd mention this as a lot of people seem inclined to take off their way of blue as soon as they have defeated the area boss .
i used a knife today brand was kershaw i mean that thing is super sturdy does n't look like the lock will snap was thinking of getting one for my work .
my job consists of cutting rubber pipe and taking thread out of threaded pipes .
i hope that makes sense anyone know of an even sturdier compact knife ?
edit it has to be a knife that flips open and has a clip to put on my pocket thanks again !
i am constantly losing with spectres in the game .
personally i have no issue with spectre as i know you must finish early .
if the team is coordinated its actually quite easy .
but what do you do when you 're ahead in networth and your team does n't close out the game ?
it seems so ridiculous this patch that you can do so well and with a couple of simple haunts spec starts ruining your team with comeback gold .
should you as a position 1 in these games focus more on fights and pushing rather than farming lanes and jungle ?
i do n't mean skipping creeps altogether but always be looking to push them and kill etc .
so obviously we do n't have a cdq and never will have one of the song but which one do you prefer ?
album version vh1 version with heartless my personal favorite or the hollywood bowl version ?
looking to join an active league asap i am a very active player and avid trader .
i 've played in madden leagues as well as a few on the show .
i would prefer the league use groupme and would rather mature league but open to any active leagues .
is anyone willing to share their course notes for the advanced calculus classes or tell me where i can find them ?
i 'm using a nexus 5x latest version of android .
i 'm trying to create a folder setup for audiobooks so it would be
but aft is n't letting me put folders within folders .
i 've tried creating main folders for each book but then the audiobook player i 'm using smart audiobook player does n't seem to detect the files unless they 're in the main podcasts folder because i have to select one root folder and it only seems to be able to take one .
32 married female and i am feeling in a feety kind of mood today and having a lot of fun browsing celeb sub reddits .
who are your favorite celebrity foot crushes and why ?
what turns you on about them and what do you want to do with them more than anything ?
share a picture if you have one and lets get hot and bothered over these pretty ladies together !
my current faves are emilia clarke natalie dormer taylor swift emma roberts scarlett johansson and alison brie !
only problem is i do n't know if i 'd rather have them worshipping mine or mine them but i do know either way would drive my husband crazy with lust !
the title says it all really my dad came into my workplace today and proceeded to take my house keys off me and my brother has told me that my stuff is in the back of their car ready to come to my girlfriends house where i am now i wo n't stay longer than a night tomorrow so i do n't know if this belongs in r/almosthomeless and i 'm sorry if it does .
with my part time job i pull in around £500 sometimes up to 600 wit over time but i know that 's not nearly enough i drive and my insurance is paid off for the year so i only have to worry about fuel .
this is all quite sudden to me and any help would be greatly appreciated .
edit someone 's really come around here and worked their down vote button .
im confused so what 's going to be legal and will anxiety and depression be covered ?
so being the only one with a spotify premium account i was put in charge of music for a beach retreat this weekend .
also the internet at the beach house we rented is really spotty so any playlists made will have to be downloaded ahead of time .
i was given a giant list of suggestions from many different genres by the group of attendees .
i put them all into a spotify playlist but now i need to sort them out into different moods like daytime on the beach nighttime in the party house sitting by the fire .
i do n't have the time to sort through all the songs manually and even if i did i do n't know half the songs anyway so i could n't place them in the correct spot .
does anyone know of any third party applications that could automate this process ?
u/tullino is making an unofficial division app https www.reddit.com/r/thedivision/comments/4fqdwd/the_unofficial_division_companion_app_is_looking ? ref=search_posts which looks very cool at the moment .
i will be testing it out and giving a review about it so check it out !
feel free to add me i usually play alone so send me an invite or message always in the dz going rogue be warned gt that1guywitacow
you are able to get more rewards again just as long as the host has not finished the incursion .
ex complete challenge mode get loot have another person host who has not done incursion gain more loot
since i have collected a lot of clothes some do not appear in my vendor if you would like to provide me with this information and pictures it would be gladly appreciated !
to unlock this vendor go to the base of operations security wing buy supply line for 400 and the vendor will be to the far right of the wing
base of operations http imgur.com/czjg6fl 131|rapid assault pack|369|37,295|+0|+402|+0|48 capacity 15 critical hit damage|+11 disrupt resistance|+6.50 mobile cover health 7.50 support station healing speed
camp hudson http imgur.com/whav03z 131|responder pads|518|29,625|+361|+0|+0|+4 protection from elites|+21 disrupt resistance 21 burn resistance 20 shock resistance|+7.5 ballistic shield health 1 mod slot
dante 's run http imgur.com/vdmefky 131|rapid assault gloves|291|30,195|+0|+364|+0|+1,496 marksman rifle damage 8 health on kill 5.50 critical hit chance||+6.50 seeker mine damage
the cavern http imgur.com/yur6dza 131|uhmwpe plate armor|546|37,271|+0|+372|+0|+9.50 enemy damage resistance 8 protection from elites 2,093 health|+17 increased kill xp|+6.50 sticky bomb damage
the ward http imgur.com/res1qol 131|responder gloves|286|29,878|+0|+0|+404|+433 pistol damage 375 lmg damage 8 damage to elites||+7.50 support station duration
southpaw http imgur.com/bhu9rsz 131|rapid assault pads|462|29,692|+415|+0|+0|+4 protection from elites|+20 disrupt resistance 19 disorient resistance 19 burn resistance|+7.50 seeker mine explosion radius 1 mod slot
the firewall http imgur.com/sdfxtxm 131|responder pads|478|29,762|+393|+0|+0|+4 damage to elites 962 health|+18 disrupt resistance 20 shock resistance 38 increased kill xp|+6.50 turret health
high end|gunslinger vest|204|818|553|+554|+0|+0|+14 exotic damage resilience 7 damage to elites 3,033 health|+43 ammo capacity|+8 pulse duration|forceful
high end|tactical vest|182|807|140|+564|+0|+0|+11 protection from elites 11 health on kill 7 damage to elites|+45 ammo capacity|+8 turret health|reckless
for a complete list and an amazingly well done website visit darkzoned http darkzoned.com here you will see all the blueprints and even filter it out to your liking !
high end|spec-ops holster|182|40|383|24,490|+567|+549|+0|+5 protection from elites 8 skill haste||+7.50 mobile health cover|recovered
gear set|knee pads of the nomad|191|30|621|25,184|+0|+518|+0|+17 critical hit damage 5 damage to elites|+25 burn resistance 27 disrupt resistance 87 scavenging|+8.50 ballistic shield health
gear set|gloves of the nomad|191|30|389|25,128|+458|+0|+0|+6 critical hit chance 529 lmg damage 10 damage to elites||+8 support station duration
here is a list of the talents in-game currently adding more
adept|skill increases your critical hits chance by 3 for y seconds .
brutal|headshot damage is increased by x when using this weapon .
capable|using a skill improves the handling of your weapon for x seconds .
commanding|every kill performed while the signature skill is active extends its duration by x .
competent|weapon damage is increased by x for y seconds after using a skill .
coolheaded|performing a headshot reduces all skill cooldowns by x .
destructive|armor destruction value is increased by x when using this weapon .
dominant|every kill while your signature skill is active reduces the cooldown of your other skills by x .
expert|this weapon deals x more damage when the target is below y health .
ferocious|damage against elite and named enemies is increased by x .
fierce|critical hit chance is increased by x when using this weapon .
forceful|increase armor by 13.50 while the signature skill is active
fordern|kills by active skills prolong their duration by x .
harmful|each hit has a x chance to apply the 'bleed ' status effect .
intense|the first bullet of a magazine has a x chance to apply the 'on fire ' status effect .
meticulous|killing a traget has a x chance to instantly refill the magazine .
prepared|damage is increased by x when more than 40 meters from the target .
provident|the last bullet in your magazine deals x bonus damage .
proficient|the first bullet shot when out of combat has a x chance to result in a critical hit .
predatory|killing a target regenerates x health over y seconds .
restored|killing a target with this weapon removes all negative status effects .
responsive|damage is increased by 5 when closer than 10 meters to the target .
steady|killing a target with a headshot removes 100 sway from the weapon for 3.50 seconds
skilled|headshot kills with this weapon increase signature skill resources by x .
self-preserved|critical hits with this weapon heal the user for x of damage dealt .
talented|killing a target with this weapon increases skill power by x for y seconds .
technical|increase skill power by 13 while the signature skill is active
toxic|headshots with this weapon have a x chance to apply the 'blind ' status effect .
vicious|critical hit chance is increased by x while at full health .
u/kokarn for generating and providing me with the images soon
i recently got conformation on a letter for my endocrinologist .
all i want to know is if people prescribe both at the same time .
i 've been waiting around 3 months for the meeting itself and i 've been in therapy for years .
i 'm relatively young but that is n't seen as an issue to my therapist .
here 's my blog i 'm trying to share my thoughts on utilizing daily habits and today 's popular literature to find financial freedom/independence .
i feel lost at the moment any advice or criticism is appreciated .
i 'm trying to collect email addresses for people interested in my blog to keep them updated my methods do n't seem to be working .
i am getting upset that my meds are blocking my ability to get a buzz off of a little wine .
it 's one of the few pleasures i have in life anymore and it just makes me angry that i ca n't do it .
i 'm not sure if this is a dumb question but i guess i just do n't understand the term ... any help ?
so i have a program that gets a list of appointments that a person has and then prints some of them depending on what the user wants .
the user is given several choices for what type of appointment they would like
i have options 1 and 4 working fine but the problem is with 2 and 3 when the current day or one of the next few days in the case of option 3 is the last day of the month i do n't know how to make it go over to the next month or year if the month is december .
i could easily do it if every month had the same amount of days but they do n't .
the only way i can think of to do this is with a metric fuckton of if statements but i feel like there has to be an easier way of going about this .
here is what my code currently looks like for the first 2 options
for several years now my daughter and i have had an agreement .
i 'll leave her an extra 20 in my will if she recites the first part of let 's go crazy '' at my funeral as my eulogy .
she has to be super serious about it so that people do n't realize it right away .
we practice every time the song comes on the radio .
ak-47 redline ft 0.166 4x lgb holo kato'14 200k proof sold 190k imo very high tier ak because of the look https www.reddit.com/r/globaloffensivetrade/comments/4bqhwq/h_4x_lgb_holo_2014_ak_redline_ft_016_w_keys_items
awp redline mw 0.142 ibp holo kato'14 body and complexity holo kato'14 scope 75k
you can inspect all the weapons in my trade offer link below .
let me know if prices are too high b/o is not 100 firm so feel free to offer .
looking at a 5 year chart of uwti seems to reinforce the logic that these type of leveraged etn 's decay over the long run even if their linked commodity rises in price .
what 's the risk of shorting something like uwti if you plan on holding the position for something like 5 years ?
whenever i 've had this item it seems to give barely anything or at least gives it at an alarmingly slow rate to the point where the limitation seems too much for what it gives .
the gamepedia says it does n't work with lilith but it just does n't seem to do anything with any character from my experience .
however recently someone showed me co-op footage and the item seems to work for the p2 baby just fine increasing their fire rate to a very high amount within a reasonable timeframe .
with both firing at the same time in the same direction the player character who was samson seemed to gain nothing from the item in the time the p2 baby had doubled their fire rate .
edit seems to be caused by either using mouse aiming as pointed out by alphaxz or caused by using analog stick aiming and aiming any direction but directly up/down/left/right ie at an angle of some sort .
are we able to settle this once and for all ?
since the ranger buff is now only 20 for 10 seconds is ranger c3 worth it anymore ?
does anyone have hard numbers on these two options after the nerf ?
also i am wondering if wugushi c3 beats fletcher c3 for boss killing .
im interested in buying a butterfly knife blue steel with a floatvalue of 0.98 or higher
b/o 49 keys for a 0.980 0.989 bfk blue steel
i think i actually understand the content but i 'm not sure i get the motivation for the challenger '' naming .
the challenger does n't appear to challenge anything or does it ?
i do n't understand the motivation behind the names there .
stopped one of them random rikers beating up a guy .
i have found that dehaka 's adaptation heroic is really bad right now mainly because you ca n't know in advance if you will need it or not .
plus oftentimes dehaka is dead before the heal kicks in .
so you either use it early at the risk of getting no value or you use it late and you die anyway .
i think a cool change would be if adaptation was modified to trigger earlier the moment dehaka receives fatal damage .
triggering earlier means that it will heal for less hp than the full duration most of the time .
plus healing for less at the starting point of 0 means that it wo n't always save him from death situations .
but that change could make it a very usable heroic and worthy to take over isolation which is currently his only viable heroic in my opinion .
hey and before anything this isnt one of those kiddie animations or those minecraft lets play intros made in cinema 4d that every 12 y/o thinks is gon na be featured in avatar 2 .
this animation was part of my first year assignment where i was given 2 weeks to create a pixar parody .
i spent a day modeling the luxo jr lamp and i honeslty spent a whole week trying to figure out the mechanism and its rig and in my last week i finally found a tutorial on how to rig the damn thing so i had only a few days to animate render and edit my video .
we also had to change the name from pixar to our own name i dont know why but its what was in the specification .
so yeah i need some feedback on the short clip .
good things about it bad things about it shit things about it anything .
processor with similar specs are cheaper in the former because of no integrated graphics .
therefore it got me thinking that if you are going to buy a graphics card there is no point for integrated graphics .
when i start the computer it takes me to a screen that says
this did n't happen the first time i booted up and i ca n't find anything about it on the user guide .
the first time i was logged in could n't install any lunix compatible software i wanted .
had to install the stuff from the packages list .
i 'm not sure if i 'm doing something wrong there too or if that 's just the way solus works in that case i might as well just try something else .
i levelled my summoning skill i am now level 76 .
last week i got myself a budgie and i have some questions to make sure that i do n't treat him poorly .
first of all when he is taking a stroll/flying in his cage while making screeching sounds does that mean anything or is that just something he does ?
also does him doing this http i.imgur.com/2ng76ur.jpg mean anything ?
i was sitting on my bed eyes to eyes with him and i noticed he was starring at me quietly for a few minutes .
he has never really sat close to me on purpose like that until now or does this behaviour not mean anything either ?
maybe he wants to get out of his cage ?
he 's already made the escape at least three times in less than a week so i 'm trying really hard to cover the entrance of the cage so that he does n't fly out again .
he 's obviously not tame enough yet but he 's not super wild either .
i 'm too afraid to let him out of his cage but hopefully soon .
he can be very energetic like flying inside his cage .
is it impossible for me to make sure that he does n't fly into things before i let him out again or will he have to learn not to ?
i got kind of scared when he flew under my bed or desk .
i play the ut for about a week and my statistic was 36 22 .
i was in division 2 and it was realy fun .
i have a boxer and he has an overall about 69 and standup 71 .
last night i get into division 3 ... i made 5 fights and every opponent was way stronger ... overalls from 80-89 !
standup 80-95 ... why do i have to fight such strong fighters ?
picked up a charge blade after maining long sword for awhile and i really love charge blade is there any big changes to the weapon since generations is releasing soon ?
ssg 08 blood in the water factory new http screenshots.metjm.net/85e50086288ce44573a735536254f461.jpg 0.066773682832718 http csgo.exchange/item/5919721793 16
we want to use a synology ds1815 as backup destination for all our files at work .
the problem is my boss does not want any additional programs installed on our windows server workstations .
so i need to find a backup solution with a daily schedule that does not involve programs on the windows machines .
my idea is to give the diskstation read access to certain folders on the workstation server .
the folders get mirrored to the diskstation every night .
sounds good in theory but i cant find any option to backup mounted network drives .
aka the reason my hotel is in the middle of nowhere .
i have been building a network linking a vodafone machine to machine network with an aws vpc .
this uses bgp on the vodafone side and 2 tunnels on the aws side for redundancy .
there is one scenario which would cause this network fail which is if the primary vodafone link fails and the secondary aws links fail .
id like have an ipsec tunnel between the two firewalls which could act as an emergency route '' if this scenario ever came into play .
here is an image of what im trying to explain http imgur.com/hp6hocd
sadly i can not use carp vip on this network so i was thinking of having an ipsec tunnel between the two firewalls and a route with a low priority which should only be used if the others are down .
but im honestly not sure if this is possible ?
this is currently above my skillset hence the asking here .
we all expected to play urf on april 1st .
the chat was completely spammed with we want urf '' but they ignored us .
all that they gave to us is urf for 3 days and 2 times this year ... means 6 days .
we want more then 3 days but they ignored us .
i have iron daggers more powerful than bastard swords and the lotr pack anduril .
does anybody know of any small friendly showdown leagues ?
i want to become a better battler but i feel it 's more affective/fun to play in a league with people who are close to my level cause sweeping everyone teaches me nothing and nether does getting swept .
also i would like it if the league had draft picks cause i feel that would help me grow as a battler even more learning to deal with threats to my team without just replacing mons to anything i want .
if there 's no leagues like that out right now i was wondering if anybody would like to make one ?
thanks for you 're time and dealing with my bad grammar !
i 've been using the lothric knight chest and helm because i love the look of it and it demoralises both bosses and invaders if you have a cape to swish at them before the fight .
you 're a watchdog of farron or whatever and you get into my world .
the first thing you see is a lovely red cape being swished .
on the actual topic i got the lothric knight sword to drop from the dudes in the area before vordt and want to use it even though the astora straight sword seems massively superior because it goes with my cape swish .
it appears to stack with dex which is strange to me because the knight set it goes with is such a heavy set that i 've switched out the legs and gauntlets for the mirrah stuff .
how would you build for a weapon like this ?
it seems to be a good choice for refined but i 'm not sure .
ca n't post a wiki link because i 'm at work .
interested in other bs bayonet 's for that price .
a mid-sized m4 with good rail space and no ugly triangle front sight .
the only downside i can see is that it 's not all metal but if that cuts the price down whatever .
basically it looks great to my untrained eye but i want another opinion on it .
i also see that the 'flash hider can accommodate qd mock suppression ' .
i am speaking about some brand new concept of mathematics like calculus trigonometry sets functions etc and not the theorems and corollaries .
whats happening in the world of mathematics these days ?
modified common_props_biolab_hydroponicbays model aka the cabbage shelves they now have a wall in the middle you ca n't see/shoot through the shelf comparison http imgur.com/a/cs0rs
minor changes to motds including cache busting not outfit motds it 's the motd last used here https www.reddit.com/r/planetside/comments/465agf/welcome_to_planetside_2_pop_up_in_game
this may seem like a lot of text but not everything is important for you maybe so just fly over it i put every headlining '' in bold
i read in a lot of forums and face the problem myself that when you were trying to reach the 100k bonus xp achievement in co-op that sometimes the xp resets to 0 so you have to do it all over again .
after some research i found out it only happens when you log off sc2
well some people dont have that much time so a friend and me tried to figure out what is the fastest way to gain 100k bonus xp in one single run .
this is only possible with raynor and artanis on level 15 but doable in similar but a bit slower times when you just got the droppods and solar bombardment .
double mules instant supply depos and lvl 15 15 more attackspeed
artanis level 14 improved bombardment and 15 unlimited supply .
the missing unlimited supply would kill the most seconds i think because you have to waste so much minerals on pylons and micro
these are in german but we were very concentrated so we didnt talk much anyways
also if you want to do the smooth operator achievement 100k gas for your allie with swann and dont want to waste hours and hours just grab a friend and do the following
and karax we wan na go afk and sleep over night
if you start from 0 it takes about 6-8 hours but while leveling swann to 15 gives you about 20 000 already .
but i advice you do it in the night when you sleep because it would still take 5-7 hours
i didnt found anything about this on youtube or reddit so we thought we figure it out ourselves and help the community
ahead will be a bit more text only important if you want to do it yourself
you can do the lockorders as you wish i just describe how we did it every game routine is important so you can squeeze out every second
20 only marines from here on you are on 17 workers
build one more worker and only build marines from here on on 18 workers makes kind of no difference i noticed
vs protoss and zerg you now kill from one of the upper locks the either the pylon or one spine crawler thats enough to take it .
then you send one marine on the location you see in the video so you can amass an army for the construct .
the other 3 marines you send to the other upper lock to take that down too .
i screwed up hard in the protoss 21 second video not sending one to the construct but in the zerg video i did taking 20 seconds longer somehow i think it was because of the ultralisks killing the berserkers so fast so protoss may be doable in 5:10 or 5:00
vs terran you need a bit more depending on your micro
attack construct with banshee airstrike killing as much normal units as possible
the moment the hyperion is up you spawn it in the mid when you are there the overloading of the first attack stops and you keep the lock .
protoss now does solar bombardment and kills everything there .
jump to the construct with the hyperion or else you will finish before the construct dies .
this way the attack wont even come to your base because ... well its dead
as seen here https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=pwa6jbqf6dg feature=youtu.be upload should finish about 12:40 cet
place your first warpfield to the lock with the first marine of raynor asap
17 supply 4 gates you can build one earlier as you can keep probe production constantly up still but this makes timing easier he said so d
now you should have 900 minerals and 9 zealot charges in your gates build them all
battlecruiser and thor simultaniously when you attack the battlecruiser will fly over the thor wait a second so you can kill both instantly
place the warpfield as close ot the construct as possible so you can warp in while fighting but before fighting warp in as far away as possible so you dont pull
the moment the hyperion appears in the mid instantly use solar bombardment close to the lock so that you kill any unit that could overload it .
the lock will still belong to you as long as its overloading and not overloaded
pick artanis and raynor level 15 and follow the buildorder and you will be good to go i think
i am not a native english speaker so sorry if i got something wrong
rotr has the whole kitezh lore behind it but do n't think the prophet of constantinople was based on anything .
how come the deathless ' become soulless essentially but the prophet does n't ?
i mean he is pretty human throughout the whole story .
also they never explained how he can heal wounds and perform miracles .
i 'll trade you a turnover for steph sitting any day of the week .
attempted to use some different techniques with sony vegas and thought it came out pretty nice
i used to be heroin-addict skinny and now i have some semblance of abs and pecs .
i lift about thrice a week but have n't seen much results .
i have a feeling i 'm not getting enough protein or something .
if its a general unit you can always have another general to replace that has horse bodyguard and sub him in for auto resolves or have the elepant general as backup for when you right the battle
margolis ' work is the very first source i credited in the description !
and on the funding hitler front if not the bankers or bush than who do you suggest ?
to be fair theyve been predicting massive quakes all along the west coast for years .
he has power now far from an obscure senator from vermont before the campaign he commands authority .
he also has millions of dollars in his disposal to pay for expenses on that regard .
a lot of it makes sense and a lot of it does n't .
overall i do n't wander into trp territory because too much of it is nonsense and too hateful to both men and women are exist outside of their box of ideas .
any guy who looks good and has good money/status can basically act any way he wants and get women .
guys who look good but are poor can still get success in one night stands but will struggle getting ltrs .
guys who look bad but make good money will be seen as beta bucks '' to women .
women mainly see men as objects to get money/status and to feel superior to other women for having a better '' husband/bf .
women see every and any guy who does n't have good looks as ugly even if they 're just average looking .
there 's even proof of this see this http blog.okcupid.com/index.php/your-looks-and-online-dating .
and when you factor in the standards women have for money any guy who does n't make much and looks average or slightly below has no chance with women .
even unemployed fat single moms think they 're entitled to fit good looking guys who make at least 30k/year .
too many guys are too thirsty and making the problem worse by obliging any and every women .
i 'm so fucking thankful i got to see him about a month ago in oakland .
it was my first concert and now i wo n't be able to see him again .
not only do i think about that but i also wonder how much the pool has risen in water level compared to what it originally was .
that many humans has to have a displacement in the water that 's clearly visable .
it might be a ca ban on them not sure though .
the csgo community is like teenagers and valve are their parents .
they 'll talk about how bad inferno is for months but when valve agrees it 's not cool anymore and inferno is good again .
i wanted jeanne alter so badly but could n't afford to whale .
because this is the crappy rushed to market clone of the original designed to confuse you into buying it .
the curse of the round 1 exit by red wings greats last season 's
what about newfoundland just to mess with people who do n't know about their weird-ass half timezone !
love seeing the other team flairs popping up in here !
i 'll bitch slap you back to the ming dynasty !
fair enough that part definitely looked weird but it really looks like dre is trying to go to his left quickly and is why he turned it over and iggy is wide open curling to the ball .
i think security might be cool and do n't care .
keep trying different security guards until they let you in i guess .
there is not a no death ring '' and certainly not a no bonfire ring '' .
pvp is sl lvl 120 everything else is dead except lower levels .
i did n't play bhd it was before i built computers .
hopefully angel falls gets released at some point but i 'm afraid novalogic is done .
would it be a stretch to consider those who drive hummers raised trucks and xl suvs as more about their own good '' than the common good .
i 'm going to go ahead and assume yes so i can continue to despise them .
holy shit ... what are we doing with our lives ...
many of them are win ce or whatever they 're calling it these days .
which you 'd have to pay me to take .
it really would n't surprise me if her campaign is simply sitting back and watching you all implode .
when any and all dissent is met with paranoid cries of shill ! ''
do you really need to do any more to discredit them ?
i want a quick goal from the good guys so i can fucking go to bed
y-yeah ... '' he holds the other man in a close hug .
it 's interesting how things like borderline personality disorder could more or less be put down/eliminated in animals if it exists by euthanizing those that are aggressive whereas humans have to ride it .
bernie would never do such a thing like internet marketing !
s in honesty though if this guy is n't paid bernie i completely understand why hillary needs to pay people .
and it is n't like they get summer off either .
i thought the name was bad until i actually watched the show .
then it becomes pretty obvious that the name has to do with cringy vn and eroge names of which there is no shortage of in the show .
when i put my brush guard on i had to take off the front tow hooks so i do n't have anything to recover from on the front .
what i 'm going to do is design some brackets that 'll mount into holes already in the frame and then find some place to fabricate them .
this is the dream right here great job on where you are now my friend
please check the rules before posting again or you may trigger reddit 's anti-spam system .
https reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2frandomactsofblowjob amp subject=please review the reason my submission was removed missing tag amp message=hi i think my submission https www.reddit.com/r/randomactsofblowjob/comments/4fx1qm/25_m4m_looking_for_something_casual_in_the_mission may have been removed by mistake .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/randomactsofblowjob if you have any questions or concerns .
having just been worked up for cardiomyopathy literally today daunorubicin exposure and having had to deal with that very real possibility i 'm very sorry for you .
although bad news never came i 'd been preparing myself for it ever since they started suggesting that what my heart sounded like could be caused by a cardiomyopathy i have an extra heart sound .
i actually have a holter monitor on right now as i type this since the echo did n't show anything besides minor damage .
heart problems are common after treatments for leukemia and lymphoma .
i read a statistic that roughly 2/3 of leukemia patients develop some form of cardiac problem ranging from a mildly decreased lvef to heart failure .
it 's what i think will most likely kill me if i do n't relapse first .
or maybe my bone marrow transplant side effects will .
it 's a horrible feeling when you realize that you 're going to be sick for the rest of your life and you never get to be normal again .
i was explaining that to a nurse earlier today when she was asking why i had n't gotten a job yet i said i just want to stop being sick for a little while before i try to get a job . ''
one of my friends in seattle just found out why republicans are against a national poverty level .
stop holding the smoke in your mouth inhale to your lungs .
they can choose to do that but they would have to be willing to accept the consequence which would be being the slowest team on pit road .
this is something that nascar has to take into their hands for safety .
no teams are going to put five on unless it 's mandated because if they did it would make them the slowest team on pit road .
it 's all bullshit as far as i 'm concerned .
i voted this year on the off chance it might actually mean something .
and because i 'm tired of hearing people tell me if you do n't vote you ca n't complain . ''
even if you do vote there 's nothing you can do about it anyway imo .
i dunno i think a lot of characters had their moment .
dave and dirk got to talk to each other and make peace with each other .
roxy got to kill hic as well as got a lot of friends so she would n't be lonely probably a big reason she was clingy to dirk .
karkat calmed down and became less neurotic about himself .
calliope got her friends and gets to just live .
playing dirty is the only way he can contribute on the floor
think about this there should be a nascar re-run on nbcsn right now and instead we have some good old asshole puckering playoff hockey
this is more funny than you 'll ever know .
i just turned on game of thrones on my pvr recapping before it 's released and it was the intro recap of the previous episode and tyrion was on screen as i read this .
it will be one of the funniest thing ever for ptcgo
i would n't use the brush pen for stars .
you want tiny lil dots and not actually short lines .
you might also leave the black for the foreground only and make the sky with the darkest paint being your dark blue or violet
or instead of that this layout would work with just a lot more blending .
a nebulous sky only has the most minimal definition .
i wonder if there is some kind of colorless blender that works with gouache
how about appending a new number to a string each loop ?
str next_number simply converts the int into a string so you can add them .
place this in a loop looping from 1 to n and see how it works .
they 're usually pretty good at responding to serious inquiries on social media
inferno had a lot of things wrong with it .
there are visibility things that really need to be worked on so t side is n't just near impossible against good teams .
people will be glad that it is being fixed .
indicate your location http www.reddit.com/r/randomactsofblowjob/wiki/public/tagging/locations countries lt 30,000km^2 states/regions/etc lt 50,000km^2 cities/landmarks lt 100km from you no place more than 250km wide/long '' in the title with a hashtag of three or more letters and no spaces or special characters except '' .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/randomactsofblowjob if you have any questions or concerns .
i always forget about that episode though it 's probably one of the best ones .
if they call the foul on harden most likely the rest of these plays and calls do n't happen
i do n't disagree with that and i 'm not ignoring it .
i 'm just saying that if you 're going to pick a 'most significant ' in a set of inc 's i 'm going to pick the later ones over the earlier ones since a reverse of that call is not going to create as much uncertainty about what happens after it .
this submission has been removed because the title has been detected to contain only capital letters .
please do n't yell so much we can hear you fine .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/leagueoflegends if you have any questions or concerns .
seriously jumanji and zathura are the kind of movies that allude to a lore that begs to be told .
where did these reality manipulating game board come from .
marvel should acquire rights and say its the reality stone d
i just ask for hm emblem if i 'm in a rush usually do n't care
not to mention giannis is a craftier finisher than durant .
just saying i 'm so tired of hearing about this and talmud shud ...
before game is released game sites are given closed demos you team up with friendly ai npc ''
game is released play first five minutes of level with friendly ai when ...
friendly ai oh no we 're separated you 'll have to go ahead and explore the rest of the level taking on everyone single handed in fact you 'll probably find that you do n't need me ... ''
yeah he 's tall as fuck but his stance is so wide and low
agreed they make the posts look a lot more messy .
would be much better imo if they were just the symbols as well as redoing the symbols either change them or do a higher quality version of the current ones .
mendini tray mendini gun hoodie in green god i fucking love that color marbled shorts mendini shorts and striped longsleeve are a must
its not how most people get hacked its how most wealthy people get hacked .
ofc there will be few idiots who just staked 50m and got lucky and fall for a dxp link but the majority of ppl with even 1b and high lvls know enough to not fall for that .
even when one of the guys running a phishing site sent a friend his biggest loots reason he isnt a pmod anymore the biggest thing there iirc wasnt close to 1b .
tbf even wearing an ely will make you a potential target .
they just wont take extreme and illegal measures like call your isp and try and get more info especially problem if you live in the usa as much as they would with someone with 20b .
my point was that you dont really need the email to cancel the authinticator .
in fact even if you are phished through a dxp site they cant get into your acc with authint and 2 step email unless they do this method which having your pass and user alone is already a huge step .
btw a pro tip your email shouldnt be the same as your login unless you still use a username to.login then id make sure its not same as my rsn .
remember that an acc can be recovered without an email but not without the login..
bonus points if it 's the hero 's love interest or daughter
now if only they would let you document an epic ksp adventure for your senior project !
i was always under the impression that a new character lvl 1 elf would always be someone that just reached physical maturity like a 20-30 year old .
i think where they show their age if you 're doing 110 yo vs 30 yo is whenever you do an action everything an elf does has a flair of everything you humans can do i can do better . ''
where everything they do just looks more amazing/interesting than how a human does it .
can we just go piece by piece on the tattoos and see how many of these references '' there are .
i have the olympic white bass vi imo it plays and sounds better than the fender vi pawnshop
imo it should n't be much more than 60-80 feet above the tee .
there 's one at my local course that is super steep and way up there and i must admit it 's a pain in the ass to get anything to stick .
call me when marvel has a story as legendary as kingdom come .
i feel weird feeling good about gaslighting but this seems so appropriate somehow ...
i used an online program to listen to their voicemail .
why are so few people asking questions about this ?
if you do n't want to link to the site that 's fine i really do n't care about that part .
i just do n't get how this is possible .
but the bolsheviks and mao 's followers used collectivism to enforce state control over the public which is as we all know the literal dictionary definition of communism a small socio-economic elite ruling and profiting off of the working masses .
by today 's standards its becoming synonymous of not as batshit crazy as the majority of the gop ''
easier to back out and press g to waiting room it does the same thing .
cats do n't have responsibilities unless you consider sleeping and being an asshole responsibilities '' .
ps your hair together with the way you move in vr kinda reminded me of the geico caveman
i jokingly tell my wife i 'm rocking the hobo simulator look .
it 's like the jersey shore generation does n't use reddit smh
i have known the hellenic mythological characters since i was a kid .
you on the other hand might have started growing pubes .
nobody calls numbers they just say theyre all a ... how hard is it to count lol
some days i waste 2/3 posts on this shit lol
the average player will always take the easiest method to complete a task not necessarily the most fun .
it 's the developers job to make sure those are one and the same .
i 've been flicking to ball cam when i lose sight of it but find it quite disorienting most of the time .
i 'll have to give it a proper go .
i added topic flair to your post but you may update the topic if needed click here for help r/personalfinance/wiki/flair .
what 's the best way to pay down my debt ?
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/personalfinance if you have any questions or concerns .
that scene at the hilltop with it 's gratuitous yuri baiting and the spoilers s reina saying she loved the teacher . ''
only show i 've really dropped because i could n't see it recovering and after forcing myself through punchline i did n't have the strength to do it again with hibike .
i could make up a number now and it might be as accurate .
jedi training be at hollywood studios no later than 8:15am for a 9am open to sign up or all bets are off .
it 's not something you just wander into mid-day .
from a brief look carralanger teleports are the best right now .
does the angle of the frets change the sound in some specific way ?
seems like things will get pretty expensive for these eight black market peeps in question .
please respect yourself and him enough to just move on .
just sold him to get alli back missed both of their big point hauls so expect iwobi to do well this weekend now !
2 actually i was surprised myself although it is a much tighter fit .
point of reference though val/vss mags are roughly the same size as a stanag mag .
whether its june or the holidays does n't make much of a difference at this point .
if you can find something to do in the sun for 3 months its probably worth the wait right now .
well if its not directly used in the commission of a crime then is n't it technically a crime itself for a cop to seize '' a device that has access to one 's personal information that ca n't legally be accessed by state actors without a 4th amendment search warrant since that would require location dependent the cop to commit battery and robbery in order to take the phone out of one 's hand ?
would n't those charges escalate due to the fact that these crimes would be committed while in the possession of a deadly weapon that is carried in plain view ?
also would n't the act of depriving/violating one 's constitutional rights be grounds for a federal law suit for deprivation of rights under color of law ?
he was forced on to the curbside by the police suv coming behind him .
i dont think he had time to react and see someone liying on the street
look for games that you will be on the first page on without having to scroll down ... that 's my best advice .
he was just saying it was an awkward dinner and had no help cooking for everyone and was teasing nikki for sleeping through it all .
its pretty sad being a conservative and living in baltimore so much potential to turn things around in just 4 years ! ..
unfortunately there is an addiction in baltimore greater and more destructive than heroin .
you are doing outstanding job so far i should get off my ass and start making stuff in unreal engine as well like i planned months ago
i love your medieval setting it all looks great !
they should keep sprattle and add selfie mimer and impaler .
she threatened to bite me after i ruffled her hair and then i politely asked her to try and bite me .
so she did and she bit my gauntlets . ''
he says absently sounding entirely board as the thinks of more important things .
nothing wrong with k pop if you ask me .
and now presenting our new song ... '' pig squealin ' in da club ! ''
typically when recessions hit and consumer spending demand reduces which reduces corporate revenue do companies raise prices to make up the shortfall or do they reduce prices to try to increase sales ?
he has the rights bought them a while ago .
but remember the ces director solicited jeremy 's questions .
remember the church is founded on the claim that an average joe literally can ask an a question and change the religious landscape .
remember that the temple encourages people to seek answers from true messengers '' and avoid those who sell answers mingled with scripture .
in context the church refusing to answer is pretty damning
yeah i used to use a few different programs to play red alert 2 online back in the day .
we need a guy who uses the book for tp and gambles wisely in good spots .
we had one but he was fired because well we had to make a sacrifice after 2011 i guess ?
i do n't necessarily disagree with you but that 's like saying the city i live in has a crime problem .
would 've been nice if he shared his opinion before new york .
i do n't give a shit whether the ones currently doing it are chinese or not .
i do n't want anyone doing it chinese or not .
the bible and jesus promote spreading love jesus never sinned only got angry once .
i do n't have anger i just think their religion is full of shit .
they are centuries behind the modern world in terms of culture .
their countries have laws against women gay people both groups which i 100 support because i 'm not a bigoted sexist like most muslims .
from 2001-2010 there were 6,357 victims of christian extremist groups .
keep defending these blowholes for whatever reason you have .
i 've done my research i 've seen islamic terrorism dominate the news headlines for the past 10 years .
the one 's in america are great they 've assimilated to our culture .
but the middle east is a shit hole always has been always will be .
i can see you have much guilt in you for whatever reason .
not all cultures and religions have to be good .
this is such an obvious combination that there is zero doubt ggg testers did n't cover this .
so even if you had 6k life and 50 of damage taken from mana before life ... how do you get 6k mana ?
it 's nice to have high ehp but that does n't win you anything .
i also wanted to make a build combining these things but especially point 4 is a huge problem .
you 're devoting half your ascendancy your tree and your items to this just to have a few thousand more ehp ci will easily do this for you too .
maybe they would be different for example a chain would have a chain chomp .
that 's true but as it is now there are ways to help make it easier to identify friendlies by using a uniform however this issue makes it nearly useless because you never know when it will or will not work .
our shc pilot usually hangs back a bit and collects info points and then once we engage he uses the ecm to hit them from the back .
it works well enough and it technically has a better alpha than the partyback just lower dps .
mainly it 's just that it has ecm and it 's slightly faster .
other than that both have similar armor 330 vs 300 iirc not great hitboxes and no is structure quirks .
nomad was the first gearset that ever dropped for me and i was super excited but not so much when i realised the first bonus was scavenging .
just meant more of i had to pee again after 20 minutes so i knew there was no way it should be positive .
um ... ... ..that 's not pg clap clap clap clap clap
every mission must have challenging mode and boss dropping several items instead of one with a chance on being a set item .
and set items must drop equally across all missions .
and they need to remove idiotic 15 waves of lmb and rework that mission .
then he has more faith in them than me .
hope this does n't backfire and the team shapes up .
the worst was during the last debate where sanders starts to laugh bc of how ridiculous hillary is and she spins it that hes laughing at the context of gun violence .
again she thinks people are dumb enough to not see the spin .
ok i think i can clearly make the link to my case .
but to actually get the subpoena go to the magistrate and fill out the paper work ?
yeah im starting to grow sick of the insane fps drops even remotely near cities and the texture popping is unbearable but i dont really have any other mmo to play so i just push thorugh it because everyone else is
what are you referring to as camel toe if you are n't talking about seeing it through your clothes ?
do you mean the shorts give you camel toe through your undies or something ?
i 've been doing 0.2ml test 400 and 1ml tren e 200 both with gso and i 've noticed a small increase in pip from other blends but nothing too bad .
if it 's crippling might have nudged a nerve or just virgin pip .
what if they were my little pony trading cards ?
edit sorry justvsaw that someone else already said this exact thing !
a lot of the experimental aerospace tech developed in the 50s and 60s seems downright futuristic even by today 's standards .
say what you will about the cold war but it did a really good job of stirring up aerospace research .
he went home to get a uk visa and decided that he really did n't want to come back to the states .
i find myself with the problem of wanting to turn the lights off too .
in college all i would picture in my mind was putting a gun to my head and pulling the trigger .
every single day thats all i thought of over and over .
i did n't really have any friends and i was n't a social person .
the only thing i could do was hang on for the people that did give a fuck about me .
even though i was in so much pain i knew it would just cause those around me even more .
so i carried that weight and eventually it got lighter because new things happened like getting a job and making artwork .
if there is anything in your life that makes you happy even in the slightest just focus on that .
depression is torturous and when it rains it pours but usually the most beautiful days arrive after an intense storm .
i get how people are getting insane amounts of regular credits but are they exploiting to get 999 mats too ?
i 'll probably get down voted for this but that machine is a complete waste of money .
it 's overpriced and underpowered and is n't logical to purchase .
i do n't see a reason for you to upgrade though .
your macbook air seems pretty powerful with the i7 and 8gb and you really are n't due for an upgrade .
i still use my macbook pro 2012 i5 8gb ram .
however if you 're set on upgrading there 's no reason to blow 1300 on a very underpowered machine .
you state that you do n't need much power so honestly you could probably get by with a cheap 400 windows laptop .
if you 're going for the form factor of the macbook which is n't the best justification for purchasing an entirely new laptop as the air is n't that bad you can try hp 's new laptop http store.hp.com/us/en/searchdisplay ? client searchterm=folio+1020 search 25ef 2580 25a1 beginindex=0 catalogid=10051 charset=utf-8 langid=-1 pagesize=50 pageview=grid resultcatentrytype=2 stype=simplesearch searchsource=q storeid=10151 jumpid=cp_r163_us/en/pc_comm/elite_super/elitebook1020/elitebook1020-shopetr which is actually thinner than the macbook and offers more ports and better specs .
if you 're in bc and want to swap for my banged up copy i got from amazon let me know
i tried selling it everywhere at msrp with no takers
only selling it because it is banged up i 'd keep it if it was n't smooshed in the corners .
it boggles my mind that neither party was able to find candidates who were more charismatic likeable than the current group that we have .
i feel like if you took pretty much any candidate from the last few elections and threw them in with this group they would absolutely wipe the floor with them .
this is the first election in my lifetime where there is n't a single candidate that i would be even remotely ok with having as our president .
a lot of people i know feel the same way .
it really worries me that this is the best we have to offer and i do n't see it getting any better .
his success is partially from drake though on the low .
so you build it out of snow harvested from the golems ?
it seems pretty clear that the officials do not want to let this game get out of hand early .
those were horseshit calls against okc and the no calls on the other end ?
i was personally hoping fnatic would come to some form of agreement that yellow coached klaj so as to build a new support for when yellow retires which does n't seem too far off .
i understand yellow is great and the team will look a lot scarier now but klaj had a lot of potential and it 's sad to see him go especially after he built up relationships with most of the players .
i get it may be hard to negotiate such a thing out of yellow but this spring split will just repeat itself in the near future otherwise
it is from one of the flashbacks to his childhood with tsubaki .
well it ca n't hurt to be seen as a hoopy frood .
yes assuming someone did n't read it it a insulting/aggressive .
there 's no reason to ask that and not just explain it .
and honestly the way you presented it was a bit confusing .
you 'd have to sell an arm/leg for tellius fe9/10
you 'd probably like fe8 most since its the most similar to fates
whether that 's high or average or low depends on the author so just compare it to your other books ?
do you normally get 30 sales the first day ?
a shame dollar is priceless and kansas is full of em .
u/connecteduser u/futuretrash u/chaotic_goody and u/crispy_stool — i really appreciate your help .
did some vacuuming and bought some raid http www.walmart.com/ip/raid-flea-killer-carpet-and-room-spray-16-oz/27414794 .
rofl all your arguments are exactly the same as people rant about liming or tracer right now .
i love the change the old one is so op and abuse skill to use .
and when i look at hotslgs and all go for cocktail build .
the far right hates free thought because they ca n't control or censor it .
i do n't think i 'm gon na go anymore .
it often lets you get close enough to land a free hit .
additionally it can be used to safely recover souls before triggering the fight .
i think it was a marie something but could be wrong ...
if there are four wheels why would it be called a hover board ?
this is no more impressive than a shopping cart going downhill .
but the rodent is an early game 2 stage pokemon not 3
give me the link too you know you want to
these people are all the same find a funny channel 2 weeks later make a rant on reddit on how that person has changed .
jesus christ no hour can pass without someone talking bullshit on this sub .
overwatch has potential to be huge hearthstone is 1 hots is a good game legion looks to be amazing sc2 well is sc2 .
so no blizz did n't lose shit i think its you being salty or just bandwagoning on the hate train .
if you take ben brode for example he is bursting with excitement during promo streams .
one failed project and suddenly at least according to this sub blizzard is bunch of incopetent mongloids who have no idea wtf they are doing .
there are plenty of people out there who would love your company and you just do n't know it yet .
if you do n't mind could you pm me a bit about what you intend to go into ?
aka what companies you 're looking at/line of work you 're considering ?
the highest you can to get the most exp out of each floor .
o.o i feel like that will create build up in my hair .
i guess i can shampoo if i need to though .
i ca n't afford to use a deep conditioner every other night however .
one in which a person of christian faith feels increasingly left out .
poor babbies ' ur not the absolute center of everything anymore
i bet everyone who knows you is just mouth hanging open
they 're only voting bernie because the boys are doing it .
supposedly sony funds the spiderman titled movies and retains all their profits and marvel funds any mcu movie with spiderman in not as the titular character and keeps all the profits .
the more people that reach level higher levels in an easier league the less the game attracts hardcore players who want to achieve difficult goals and yes want to feel proud of it .
if grandpa is gon na actively trade then mom and dad should not count on this money at all .
at the end of the day it 's grandpa 's money so he 's welcome to provide it to the little angel however he wants and however much he wants .
personally i 'd just 529 it for my granddaughter if i had one .
18 years of compound interest can really work well .
edit if they are already borderline upper middle class i think it 's can be assumed they will continue to gain stature and in 18 years she wo n't be eligible for aid anyway .
i am already a naturally passive person so i think it would be detrimental as i do n't have the controlling tendencies she 's trying to combat .
i hate even asking my husband for help let alone bossing him around .
i could try her do 3 things for yourself '' tip but i would have to be better about my work life balance ... not likely to happen .
i 've smoked almost everyday for 5 years now .
i definitely think you should take t-breaks on 2 weeks plus every once in a while .
i 've only noticed these side-effects for the last year of non-stop smoking though .
joggers especially those that jog in the morning are always the ones that find the dead bodies .
as long as you are only adding mileage days slowly and listening to your body i 'd say there is no need to worry .
if you are feeling good and want to add a day go for it .
from the sound of it you are looking at cirnopedia sad to say but that is outdated as hell
use the japanese swiki http pso2.swiki.jp/index.php ? e3 83 8a e3 83 83 e3 82 af e3 83 ab to search for up to date content
take it to the track scrape a guardrail on a hard left so its in both sides .
joke aside my rear bumer has 2 scratches the lenght and width of my arms from a spin out during a time attack day .
it hurts at first but you get used to it or at least i did .
the thing is it will cost you a lot to repair that as insignificant as it looks its probably worth a few hundreds and i 'd rather put that into seat time at the track or car upgrades .
thank you for shedding light on this i was so confused .
grandma i 've been here for three damn years what do you think i 've been doing this whole time ?
lawrence high is a great high school i knew a lot of kids from there .
i hope to catch a game the next time i am back .
hey op how did you set this up if you dont mind im trying to get it to work for myself .
that was my first thought too either that or welkin road http store.steampowered.com/app/432720
it knew what it was and who it 's audience was so it did n't try to be anything else .
you could tell everyone was having fun hamming it up while making it and honestly if the actors are clearly having fun i 'm having fun .
an enthusiastic cast can easily cover up any script or directing problems .
i think i am just going to rma the phone i do n't want to risk overdoing it and causing series damage .
have you ever tried to stringify a jquery object ?
it 's the same lineup as last year with castro instead of stephen drew .
i have a few friends that have gotten tattoos after significant events or as a reminder to themselves they have n't changed .
not even for just an addict situation recovery has to be from the inside out .
and also i apparently need to update my retroarch it looks like i 'm way behind
finland was waiting as well but no-one realised because he was a mile down the road keeping his standard distance of personal queue space .
i was 1 i slipped fell in the bathtub and knocked a tooth out .
i remember screaming at all the blood in the empty tub while my mom was holding me
that is n't the case at the moment nor is it the only option the game gives you
people have different things going on and do things at different times in their lives .
you 're both in university you 're both 21 whatever .
it is a really easy way to relax lol .
but i 'm in college so i need good sleep and weed usually messes up my sleep .
that sucks your family is negative about it so many people are .
they just do n't know or understand the positive aspects of the plant .
it 's been so demonized by society as a gateway drug..
meanwhile the real reason it was made illegal was because it makes white girls want to be with black guys '' .
this one https imgur.com/a/i1lzu was posted on r/femalefashionadvice yesterday and i really loved it although it 's mostly if not all black pieces .
in general i will buy my basics at h m and fancier bottoms at anthropolgie like dope capris/shorts and stuff and wear streetwear '' tops mostly .
i think streetwear is becoming more and more genderless so just wear what you think you 'll feel badass in .
and yeah no need to perpetuate the sjw thing ... us chubby gals need to be confident and not give a flying fuck .
for some reason i stuck it out to the end this time .
this does actually have a decent probability of getting the needed attention .
however you 'll need an excellent story to justify your measures ... simply saying i 'm from the future '' would make you look insane .
however if you took hostages and your demands were to ground each of the flights all 4 and arrest all 19 with names then this might be enough based on the simple cost of granting your demands .
lol washed up ad talking about synergy kid has done nothing in his career and people sucking his dick .
but we are not anymore during the british imperialism and post wwii america anymore .
we ca n't just keep being stuck with what it used to be
stop spending your class time on reddit and learn something .
actually it 's almost like people jump on celeb death bandwagons because they have nothing engaging to share about their own lives ...
it worked again once and now again it does n't .
only a fucking idiot willingly breaks the law first then complains while in prison .
i 'm sorry but the bayern/bvb rivalry is nothing at all like united/liverpool real/barcelona .
those are historical rivalries where the hatred and sporting rivalry runs very deep .
the only reason bayern/bvb is considered a rivalry is because they are the best teams in germany at the moment .
everything else even down to that media der klassiker '' tag is fabricated .
predicted this would happen do n't agree it or the use of pre patch results when mk got bodied this patch .
fwiw everyone this is exactly how it works even if candidates do n't talk about the process explicitly .
everyone with capital and sanders has lots right now pushes on the government to implement policies it wants .
the other side calls it flip flopping '' of course but this kind of horse trading is exactly how party platforms '' get created in the first place .
it 's not some random focus-grouped committee putting stuff in a document it 's the evolved consensus over years and decades of this kind of intra-party fight .
sanders will absolutely get some of what he wants be it explicit or implicit .
watch for the democratic party to move sharply left in particular over income inequality issues like tax and labor policy over the coming years especially if the expected republican collapse happens in the senate .
you forgot the part about them stealing some of your stuff or sticking it up their butt .
i think the best advice is to not get caught up on what everyone else has .
like if you see something you like try it out but do n't force it .
your bullet journal definitely does n't even need to be a big thing '' if you do n't want it to be .
in my journal i have all sorts of things i tried but did n't like .
i tried one of those hour loggers and hated it but i do use one in my work journal i tried having a meal plan spread but i barely us it i tried a habit tracker that had different colours and i did n't like it .
i decided i would use a different colour for every month also did n't like it .
i had an lsat/law school info section but now that stuff is mostly in its own binder with my prep material .
now my dailies just have the date weather i like how drawing a sun/cloud etc looks and then my bullets .
as for priority of tasks i do n't put them in order other than carried over tasks first and new tasks next .
i find ordering does n't work that well for me instead i like jumping around between tasks .
i also only use one colour and black for headings/titles .
like i use colours for pictures such as the weather but otherwise all my headings are in a reddish/pink and all information is in black .i find that more productive for myself and keeps me from feeling like i need to carry around a bunch of pens .
it 's not like they even created wealth given that wealth is just the surplus value that they get when they pay people less than the value of the work that is getting done .
props to the vaudevillians for keeping up on the stick as well .
i just wish they let enzo finish his shtick there .
he was reciting that old promo from their feud with the legioinaires
i 'm a bulldog i 'm a shitsu i 'm a tea-cup chiuahua .
but it 's the size of the dog in the fight .
therefore we theorize there is no before '' but we 'll never know for sure .
we also have no idea as to what caused the big bang if it even has a cause .
this is the subject of philosophy the most popular involving a multiverse .
but rather than a question we ca n't answer about before '' the big bang even more fascinating is why stuff '' exists .
we believe the first subatomic particles came from photons splitting .
but when photons split they create particles with positive and negative charge https en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/pair_production
but what 's amazing is it appears 1 out of every 100 billion photons iirc does n't cancel out and instead leaves a positive-matter particle behind .
otherwise the universe would be either 100 full of matter or 100 empty space .
why this positive matter bias exists is a much more fascinating area to study that could help us explain the cause of our existence .
it 's funny because you thought they were calling you gay for your taste in music .
that last hour long piece will be split into ... hour long
i feel the same way when i 'm returning home to scotland across the border from england .
everything just feels sunnier and less grey and i 'm only thirty miles from the border in the first place so it has to be an illusion .
not to mention traveling to fucking scotland feels less grey .
adding multiplayer modes in a rpg game unless it is a mmorpg .
for example bioshock and mass effect did not need mp .
you 'd be right if colleges were a place for learning .
i have found a solution for this issue ... .working 100 for my on 16.1 hotfix drivers .
what you need to do is create a custom resolution profile within the crimson software ... .set it to 75hz and save it..
this will give you the correct colours as you know ... here is the fix
create another profile but set it to 60hz progressive verify and save it .
then go into windows display manager and set your monitor to 60hz and this should solve the issue it has for me on all three of my panels .
if you have n't done so yet please also report the issue at http www.amd.com/report
by the by in case you 're wondering neither i nor any of the moderators of this subreddit nor any of the moderators of r/amd are employees of amd .
we have to learn the streets on any route we know .
a lot of it is looking at a paper map or google maps and just figuring it out .
you get used to the thought process behind what determines what streets will be next in line .
packages are set up in the package car in order that the are in your handheld delivery computer .
on days when it 's done correctly it makes the day so much more productive .
poorly loaded cars make for an awfully long and arduous day .
usually start at 9am and clock out around 8pm .
proud to know this thing is in state and saw you at the gas station !
yes it is absurd that you 're in this situation and that the school investigator thinks he needs to bully a person tangentially related to his investigation .
a school code of conduct usually covers everyone including students and all staff including non-teaching staff so this is applicable to rick and bob too .
the post you have written above is a very good start for the post that you need to write to your assistant dean cc 'd to your public safety dept .
you should read the school code of conduct and mirror the language from that i.e .
'i felt intimidated and threatened by rick and bob ' .
above all your complaint should be as honest as possible as someone 's employment is on the line .
lastly what has become of our education institutions when someone feels offended by the lyrics of a 25 year old song ?
all the studios are devolving and making moeshit and edgelord material instead of creative endeavors .
imo it 's possible to achieve both though i 'd choose a different set of descriptive words than you did .
i 'm not going to bother to argue with you on this because it 's mostly difference in preference and opinion but trust me i have my own problems with what you address and can agree with you to some extent .
will be writing in bernies name if he is not nominee
did ... did you create a gif of a snapchat recording of a television ?
just a dude weeks later checking this thread to confirm that i should go through with my henley pre-order but man it would be amazing to see someone new on the oxford scene since uniqlo is falling apart .
i am no artist and i do not care what the hell was on a sitcom past do i want to watch another episode '' .
maybe i did n't set it up right i 'm not sure .
but it did n't seem like a big difference although it varies from user to user
basically any really long arbitrary string of characters i.e .
does the d '' in bigd '' stand for what i think it does ?
i love how you made it a winter night scene !
people got so triggered by free expression that they passed a low to stop it .
if i ever have children i want to be the kind of mom she is .
i agree she certainly would n't fit into any rh franchise but i think it has more to do with the fact that she prefers to lift people up versus tear them down .
even though she 's in ga there 's no way she 'd work with the personalities of rhoa .
my son turned 1 in march and we planned it based on when his usual nap times are .
he takes a short morning nap on most days around 9 or 10 and then a longer afternoon nap after lunch .
we held his party at 3pm so he was in a good mood after having a nap and we could get away with only doing cake/punch/ice-cream and not going all-out with a meal or bbq .
we did cake and sang happy-birthday around 4 then opened gifts and most people left after that so it was a 2-3 hour affair .
i actually was n't planning on opening gifts a friend of mine had a big outdoor party for her son 's first and i was thankful we did n't have to stand around and watch them open gifts but i could tell that several of the guests were wanting to see my son open their gift so some people watched and others mostly the guys who were in the back drinking beer anyway did n't .
feel free to use it as an excuse to ignore the rest of my points without considering their merits if that 's what makes you feel better .
thanks for your offer and i hope you find another set somewhere else
i 've realized a lot of people had trouble with him .
for some reason as a kid i never had much trouble against him .
when he did his infinite dash nonsense i 'd just high jump then softly glide around .
by the time i landed he 'd be done and i 'd resume beatin the shit out of him with my giant key
if his device crashes then he 'd still be fine .
why are you still trying to associate with these toxic people ?
trust me they are not worth your time or energy and you will easily be able to make better friends in high school .
cut contact with jill and her nasty little friends and never look back .
if anyone asks you what happened say jill and i had a misunderstanding and i have already apologized to her . ''
in two months when you get to high school no one else is going to care about this 4th grade drama except for jill and her flying monkeys .
i saw quite a bunch of it this morning with both hanaming and popolion hats .
no bracelets no quests completed pre lvl 40 grinding up in gele .
each of the pieces in the rainbow should be the souls .
among 25-year-old non-western immigrants is 44 percent neither in employment education or training .
it is nearly three times as many as among their peers of danish origin where the proportion is 16 percent . ''
did you miss the art where df have said publicly on their own page that they are stopping them from getting training or working ?
and we also know if we treat them well and integrate them they will stay here and as i said we need them .
it is not against the law to say løkke is like the nazis .
it is just that party left and df is offended .
and unlike when the muslims are offended it is wrong according to them .
if you want all religions that have a tiny things against freedom of speech out the you are kicking out all the christians too .
the bible is quite explicit about what you can not say .
but we do not because 95 of christians do not think that .
denmark is the 5th richest country in the world .
luckily we have not had to go to war to defend freedom of speech .
it does not appear to contain a tl dr or any sort of short summary .
please edit your post to add a preferably bolded tl dr .
you must make suitable edits to ensure that the submission confirms to all the rules listed in the sidebar and in wiki r/relationships/wiki/index wiki_about_.2fr.2frelationships relevant for mobile users .
click here once to request re-approval http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2frelationships subject=please+approve+my+submission message=i+would+like+to+request+the+approval+of+my+submission+at 0a 0a+https www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/4fvpyw/me_25f_with_my_partner_28m_3_years_we_just 0a 0a 0a 0a+my+submission+was+pulled+for+*having+no+tl 3bdr*. 0a 0a+i've+read+the+sidebar+and+made+all+suitable+corrections+to+comply+with+the+rules. 0a 0a+/u/immostlikelyatwork btn and then click send once only .
the re-approval is manual so send a single request only .
multiple requests do not mean faster approval in fact they may clog the modqueue and result in re-approvals taking even more time .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/relationships if you have any questions or concerns .
great goal but christ someone needs to tell ling there is more to his job than circle jerking
it 's common for people to feel like being high helps their symptoms i know of people smoking for the same reason as you just breaking down and becoming half a person for seemingly no reason after smoking .
just be careful i 'd hate to think you 're taking a risk you 're unaware of .
summoned too many crystals now i do n't have enough space to autobattle grind oe fodders .
dark sword 's stance is stomp which is usually reserved for greatswords .
people not understanding economics even though they were all ready solved in the late 1800s
if you argue for a presidential system like what happens in germany what 's the point of changing from one ceremonial head of state to another ?
just for the facade of a more democratic '' system .
if we go for a us system we 'll have to change the entirety of the uk political system to limit the power of said president .
the monarchy is also britain 's best export foreigners love the monarchy here in britain and we 'd be shooting ourselves in the foot by getting rid of such a good soft power tool .
also the current heirs to the throne are n't crazy or in situations like what the spanish monarchy is in .
charles does care about the people and environment of the uk .
and his popularity has improved recently thanks to ironically the guardian .
william has been groomed to be the male version of queen elizabeth .
like people love harry for just being a lad '' .
i 've heard that he was affected by the disease during his presidency .
is there any evidence that it affected his mental capacity during that time period ?
well he was n't technically diagnosed with alzheimers until 94 so if you go by that no .
however i have seen several sources claim it was impacting him by the mid-80s .
i do n't think it is really something we could say for sure without a lot of people who are n't likely to suddenly being very open about reagan .
i would say it was probably a mix he was very old and he was hard of hearing even early in his presidency .
how much or little was disease related vs just getting older is probably impossible to tell at this point .
i have seen sources go both ways no side more convincing than the other to me anyway .
i downloaded about 10 new mods last night i ca n't remember the exact ones but for the most part all of these are compatible with each other .
obviously if you download all of the power armor movement sounds you will have issues but i keep all of them incase if i decide i do n't like one or the other .
same thing goes with any other mod that has things that obviously overlap having 2 radio freedoms
if you need any help or want advice i would be more than willing to help ...
i usually download 5-10 mods a day and i test all of them to make sure they work .
tesla is definitely a plus but not everyone can afford it mate well until the model 3 is out .
but you should drive a bmw i3 or nissan leaf it 's pretty sweet as well
i was able to read up till volume 10 or so before it got stopped
i do n't think danzai was worried about the brother and sister being dead because maybe this girl http m.imgur.com/a/9n2hu that was introduced in the beginning can maybe heal them ?
a drover 's dog could have treasurered us through that period .
you and most people here are ignoring the insane speed that faora can fight with on top of flight heat vision and being purely kryptonian doomsday 's human genetic influence may have made him more suspectible to damage .
faora wins just by being ahead of wonder woman .
because all of the top tiers have been around since roger 's time .
it 's safe to assume that they were stronger when they were younger .
they are simply the last generation and are being replaced by a newer generation as evidenced by the supernovae worst generation who are on average rather young .
the first thing that came to mind is to not rely on cooking times .
you can see that thick white makeup on his face .
no family to hug but i did everything else ... had a lovely breakfast too and now its time to hit work .
wake the fuck up u/alonsoferrari8 its nearly 11am ... someone wake him up .
sometimes i just feel running is really easy sometimes its a struggle .
my sleeptime is really hectic some nights i only sleep 5-6 hours and can feel that i did not recover properly .
the just reason to buy something that will get taxated for the society is a plus for lots of people .
also it 's in anyway better than giving the whole market share to drug dealers .
i remember reading something like yeah it 's more expensive in the legal way but we will buy from there '' .
thou i would agree it could be a transitory phase .
and if i have sex with his gross brother/bro it will piss him off .
i 'm surprised you seem to not understand having sex you do n't want .
i 've done it several times for different reasons .
but those reasons were still in my realm of consent and control
last i heard about this is they are and aware they are on a suicide mission .
they will be able to get to mars but will be unable to return .
there goal is to get intel and set up for the next crew that might come after them .
i have only heard about this from word of mouth and have n't read anything about it so i 'm not entirely sure how true it it .
i would trade my havel 's ring for a dragonslayer axe let me know ...
i think he or she is just saying that because the preview talks about a plan to take a specific person out unless i missed a blatant necklace
buy sprouted lentils at costco and cook them up .
sometimes i do n't have the time to properly cook beans or lentils so sprouted lentils are a life saver .
they only take a few minutes to fully cook .
i make tomato based curries with lentils and frozen spinach .
i bet investors went bananas when they saw a 20 something with flip-flops pitching them facebook e.g .
shut up and take my money chris dewolfe eat your heart out etc .
you should tell us which bayonet are you selling .
i also like how it 's not even about the movie for the first 50 seconds .
yes jws '' as individuals because they are troubled souls and not particularly known for good critical thinking skills .
but as i said the wts taking an official stance on things like this is unlikely .
people often get fooled by things like the blood ban doctrine thinking it 's religiously motivated but that 's just a control measure to fulfil the bite model .
i want to know what glasses john carmack is wearing that he was ok with letting rift out the door without the focus ring that is on the gearvr .
at the catch your heels should be off the footplate
the difference between pro matches and mm pugs besides skill level is the meta .
in pugs the meta shifts toward individual plays and rarely any popflashes or buddy-system plays .
knowing this most pug games become t-dominant as rush b '' or rush a '' becomes very strong against a pug who has never played together before and/or does n't really play for the team/each other but rather for themselves and their score .
if you really need to get involved lock them in a room preferably basement and only provide them food and water remove anything they can use to escape or kill themselves with and let them out in 3 months if they seem stable for at least a month .
you might get arrested but if you 're really committed that should n't be an issue .
as i posted above i was skeptical with react native when i saw that demo app on the play store .
neat but that might be the worst trick name i have ever heard .
edit i 'm guessing its a play on a bean plant http skateboarding.transworld.net/wp-content/blogs.dir/440/files/mouthing-off-andrew-cannon/a_cannon_bean_plant_fakie.jpg
ask me how i know you 've read absolutely zero about what happened in his final days .
we will start with the fact that no one dies from aids '' .
sometimes people just want to make one mark on this world before they go .
especially the made for par '' that floats over the discs .
it really speeds up the flow of the video .
signs in north korea is that poor kid still on his hard labour sentence ?
if i was n't i 'm standing tall now .
fully hard on paying attention ... seriously though you 're freaking sexy
think i will have to pass on that tablet was a bit of a low want .
enhanced analysis tool with features that cs go simply does n't offer
pretty cool of valve to make more open-source stuff .
it is a very expensive highly invasive surgery that requires continuous follow up and support .
that 's why they 're used in high level matches the builds just work though you have to know howto use the build instead of copy-pasting it and just playin ''
i can recall i do n't have the phb with me right now that you can break up your attacks .
making a bonus action between attacks is n't a stretch if you ask me .
this is one of those dick stuck in ceiling moments
40 or 50 gods is not insane also because you need to have a proper understanding of the game in general and need to know how to play against them .
if you never played nox you do n't know her skills most likely her cooldowns her ranges on her skills etc .
this goes for nearly all gods you have n't played .
and as i said before if you 're last pick odds are you 'll get support a lot good if you want to main support but there 's times where you get roles you 're not at all good at and have next to no experience with .
this is why you need many gods mastered so you can play every role efficiently and possibly get top picks or other picks to trade with people .
and yet they respond with mods=gods '' and such .
after everything all the progress we 've made after all the civil rights we 've fought for and some have died for it comes down to i guess we get what we deserve '' ... trump is the r frontrunner because that 's what america wants .
not the pop punk of the 90s but dk sex pistols descendents etc .
now the heroes of today are nationalist fascist leaning reality television white washed poser politicians ?
now being politically incorrect means you can say nigger '' and faggot '' in public ?
trump is the epitome of what we wanted to prevent from happening .
this is n't monday night football or wwe it 's the future of our country .
we we 're tolerant but if a jock in a red baseball cap antagonized trolled and called me a cuck back in 1984 he would 've gotten a taste of a steel toe boot .
many people have some kind of machine grease at home no need to buy a lube
the baby dropped and she lost her mucous plug last night .
i 'm expecting at any moment we may be heading to the hospital .
waiting on dr. oppinion ... if she makes it that long
i 'm very interested in obtaining one of the cs certificates listed here https www.cs.utexas.edu/undergraduate-program/academics/certificate-programs however am a little confused .
the top section indicates those certificates as available only to cs majors yet the third section indicates it as the certificate for non-cs students '' these both seem contradictory in regard to the huge middle section .
who is free to apply to these certificates just majors or anyone ?
alright it 's around 2:30 arrive at some house .
three people get into my car and we 're waiting on a fourth .
they 're all drunk and stoned out of their minds but whatever would n't be the first time i had those in my car .
i 'm waiting for the fourth guy they almost tried to make it five but i shut that down quick who falls flat on his face on the road after not noticing the curb .
of course i should of just drove off but no .
there are already three people in my car and i started the fare .
so shit i might as well cross my fingers .
i get the address of the not-able-to-walk drunk and put in it .
i take my sweet time getting there not wanting to take a sharp turn or anything .
i 'm just hoping this guy wo n't vomit .
of course i hear the wet burp so i stop the car and asked if he puked .
two minutes later the drunkard tells me to stop and he gets his head out the car .
no third time 's the charm as he tries to vomit out the window i stopped the car and i fucking yell at them to open the door .
it 's on the door in the window crack and on the seat and the carpeting between the door and seat .
thankfully nothing noticable on the carpets beyond what pooled in that little crack .
so i sent my cleaning request to uber after taking pictures .
i also have my dash cam footage ready if they try to argue .
have a .014 dlore fn b/o 690k more in items .
bring out your beasts on the track and show us what you got on the blacktop .
meetup on las lagunas blvd before we lay rubber .
ak47 case hardened ft 1 screens 1 http imgur.com/a/qbqvw screens 2 http screenshots.metjm.net/s76561198073481463a5038836367d9970983597742395161.jpg inspect steam rungame/730/76561202255233023/+csgo_econ_action_preview 20s76561198073481463a5038836367d9970983597742395161 0.181 blue butt w some blue on top sorta like moses 22 keys
i made a load of wallpapers out of album art .
they 're all metal bands but even if you do n't like the genre the album art is good stuff .
nsfw if you work in a church or something .
looking for people to add for more safari 's .
i know i had an eevee as my third and have just finished again using same friend code .
so i started out playing ark on pc ... .
i 've got the system to run it on epic ... problem is i hate hate hate the key board and mouse feel and set up .
do n't get me wrong i do n't think it is badly designed ... its just not for me .
i love how ark feels on xbox one though .
i just hate being left behind on updates and bug fixes .
since the gamepad support on pc is just terrible this is a legitimate complaint its clumsy clunky and just no fun to navigate ... is there anyway to get the full controller support that xbox one has on pc ?
at the soul of cinder boss fight the piano part reminded me of the song from majula it seems a little similar not the exact notes but the way they go.did anyone else think this ?
i have run into this error before but my original fix is no longer working .
i have been able to stream netflix in the past and i now receive this error when attempting to open the app error code states that i 'm not connected to the internet when i 'm clearly connected with 4g and i have never had the 'only stream over wifi ' option never checked .
the last time i got this error i was able to overcome this issue with updating the amazon app store and signing in .
i have attempted to research a solution for some time and i ca n't seem to find anyone else having this issue online .
also anyone know what is going on with the amazon app store ?
i have a feeling that my issue might be related to a change in the amazon app store .
by levelling up my invention skill i achieved at least level 67 in all skills .
i levelled my smithing skill i am now level 92 .
i levelled my invention skill i am now level 67 .
so i have been taking a5/325 percocet for about 8 months now i take about 5 to 7 a day and tomorrow is my last day i am wondering what i have to look forward to as far as withdrawl how long it will last how bad it will be and the best thing i can do to make it not horrible my doctor put me on nabilone 0.5mg for the next 15 days to help out .
thanks again to everyone he replied tomorrow i stop should be fun !
is there any new strategy in the new patch 2.4.1 to get to 70 as fast as possible ?
or did n't it change compared to how it was in the last season/patch ?
if anybody has a video guide i would appreciate it
normally the area left for the training of mullendore troops the practice ring will be the place of the melee .
it had more stands created for people to watch and cheer .
they mullendore 's even took the precautions of extending the ring to make sure there was enough for everyone .
it was a simple dirt field surrounded by a wooden ring .
alright put her on the phone. toba was on the phone stuck at work later than usual .
daddy when are you coming home ? a sad small voice spoke from the other side .
later sweetie i wo n't be home to tuck you in tonight. he replied disappointed in himself .
no buts i 'm sorry noko just listen to yuriko and try to fall asleep. he sighed his eyes trailing towards the ground .
i love you too. the phone could heard moving through the speaker yuriko 's voice returning .
i think she 'll be fine. the sitter reassured toba .
i hope so and sorry for keeping you there later than you should be.
it 's no problem makura-san i 'll make sure she falls asleep.
thank you good night. toba bid her a farewell hanging up the phone .
he let out a long sigh taking off his glasses and rubbing his eyes .
the professor pawned off so much on him for tomorrow 's class .
he 's been at this for far too long .
hopefully toba will be able to finish in a reasonable amount of time .
this kid is unbelievably weird do n't miss the opportunity for cringe
i remember one time there was this huge guy who came in big muscles .
he was asked to cut a tatami mat with a katana .
he hacked at it as hard as he can almost got half way through it .
then the little old japanese instructor came along took the same katana and neatly cut the tatami mat into three pieces .
putting accuracy aside as we know a strong guy with no training is going to be a poor shot i wondered about the technique of drawing a bow versus trying to do it by raw strength .
has anyone seen a case of some huge newbie trying to pull a strong bow and having trouble or getting tired after a few shots ?
strength seems to help when you have technique push ups for instance are useful .
what i 'm wondering is how big the difference between skill and strength is .
if anyone can give an idea of how much they needed to improve their athleticism to get to their current level in archery if at all that would also be interesting to discuss .
i know alot of the community has a wismec rx200 so my question is.. what are the best batteries for rx200 ?
i am a new owner of a moto 360 device paired with a htc one m8 .
if i set up a reminder either on the google now app on the phone or via ok google voice command on the watch i do n't get reminded on the watch at the time i set reminder for .
on the phone i get a google now card at the time but it defeats the purpose since i want to use the smart watch for notifications and not rely on my phone .
any way to have reminders show up as alerts/vibrations/notifications on the watch ?
currently the only way i can check for reminders on the watch is to go the reminder app on the watch and see if i have something coming up but it wont actually remind me !
make us eat our words like we eat ... our friends ...
hey guys it 's me again zapoozle d just wanted to say after a solid month of grinding i have now hit d2 and am rank 1 kata on lolskill i 'm still happy to answer any questions on kata if u guys want to
because for seemingly no reason my team failed t4d i know we 're struggling but come on .
i was the key holder and no one disconnected .
i picked a lacquer that i figured would be great .
i have had this desk since i was 15 it is just one of those desks that is so well designed .
now its all fucked up and the guy at the store gave me the wrong advice or i fucked up .
i believe they 're priced fairly feel free to suggest otherwise .
if you look to buy items to market them they 're not here .
gut knife fade fn fv=0.03252614 i believe it is 90 fade 42k
m4a1s icarus fell fn fv=varies 2 to choose from either the nametagged or envy stickers 38k
bayonet knife boreal forest ft fv=varies 6 to choose from 55k for each 2 28k
falchion knife night ft fv=varies 4 to choose from 25k
st awp electric hive fn fv=0.0354337171 some foil stickers http steamcommunity.com/id/boskey/inventory 730_2_5173658528 24k
i have additional 5k-15k items in my inventory feel free to offer keys for them at a rate of 90 market .
if you wish to add me for any reason please drop a comment below first otherwise i might ignore you .
zoom is going to be jay garrick at the end of the season ?
maybe he will change and become good and help team flash or just be a hero at earth 2 together with wells cuz we saw last episode hes not entirely bad even tho hes still a psychopath and crazy cuz he spared barry 's life .
find the first four terms in the maclaurin series of cot x .
do you do long division of the cos x and sin x series ?
as the world becomes a more dangerous place we begin to see more and more nations rise to dangerous levels of power .
many nations including my lovely nation of canada are threatened and many nations have already been destroyed by this menace such as my former nation of england .
something needs to be done to keep these warmongers in check .
i have taken it upon myself to start the coalition against inuit or cai for short .
any nation who feels threatened or would like to see these ice menaces brought to justice may join .
the canifest destiny will return down with the ice menace long prevail democracy
my work is mainly 3d and my current project requires 2d animation and i am not sure how to get the results i am looking for .
to animate in 2d i usually draw in vector and animate in after effects .
i have seen some illustrations that i am not sure they are done with a digital table or analogic and then digitized can you please help me find out how i can do this ?
examples http 40.media.tumblr.com/eeaef8e8a394b2b4ca22e6640fa5589d/tumblr_nmwuxslurn1r2m7qpo1_1280.jpg lara luís i know it 's handmade but i 'm not sure i can get the same aesthetic in vector
i had my 90 min debut yesterday and jesus i was n't expecting to lose my voice after .
i was expecting bruises or cuts friction burns etc but not to lose my voice .
puppey echo slam doom is so good way better than that dazzle or chen
2 make it clearer about the abilities of the 'heroes ' from the very start .
are they like superman born strong or batman trained strong .
3 focus less on the love triangle and more on the shared backstory of the group .
i 've read the wiki part on how to train your booty that 's not really what i 'm asking here .
i 've lifted weights for years always well-balanced upper body/lower body exercises .
i do my squats a2g and deadlifts/rack pulls/romanian dl 's and i have strong legs but i 'm always told that i have a small ass .
could i be doing something wrong fundamentally that is is there something i should focus more on in my lower body exercises or is it just a genetic thing ?
i am a bot designed to create a new post each day so we can all discuss today 's afterbirth daily challenge !
please post all scores discussion and thoughts and today 's daily in the comments below .
if you want to avoid being spoiled about the daily do n't venture below this point .
also feel free to use https greedbutt.com to link to your score so people can compare .
first of all i want to give a big virtual hug to all of you .
i always said that i would n't wish agoraphobia onto my worst enemy and that is true .
agoraphobia is a mental prison and you think it 's a prison for life .
because once you have started into that abyss fear of completely normal things you think ca n't unsee it .
but i want to share my long story as it might help someone else .
i had the first panic attack at age 22 .
i noticed that before then i started feeling a little dizzy when outside running errands but i blamed it on being tired the heath not eating much etc .
at that time i was in a unsatisfying relationship with someone who did n't quite love me back .
we did n't live together though because of course this douchebag did n't want to .
a month after being there he was getting cold feet and was talking about splitting up .
right after i had foolishly left my country and moved universities for him .
we stayed together with ups and downs but i just did n't feel loved or supported .
i felt emotionally alone and somewhat undeserving of my man 's love unlike all my friends .
unfortunately one day i took a morning after pill .
besides feeling physically unwell the day after i was walking in a local street when it kicked in .
i ca n't even write about this whole thing easily .
i started to shake needed something to lean on was desperately wishing i was home .
you know how it feels i do n't need to say it .
i managed to go home and blamed it all on the crappy pill .
i was a loving woman who dreamed of having a satisfying relationship .
i was dreaming of the time i could have a family of my own .
i missed the town i came from and i missed my parents my friends .
whereas i found myself in an unloving relationship far away from home in a hostile and very unfriendly have to say big city because of someone who actually wanted to dump me and most of all i had taken the morning after pill equals infertility and feeling used which was a big nonsense giving my desire for a family given the right settings .
a couple weeks after that incident i started to realize that it was about time that i started to protect myself from that man 's emotional abuse .
in that situation only someone else 's love could have dragged me out of that relationship because i was so alone with no friends and no family .
i started using myspace and decided that man no longer needed respect or faithfulness from me so i started talking to other people just like he did .
his love healed me back into the streets i forgot about that panic attack .
two weeks before coming though he had fallen out of touch and agoraphobia became severe .
i thought it was because of all the expectations and fear of not being good enough he was a prom king type i was just undeserving me '' .
but now i see that it was because he had fallen out of touch and i felt completely alone again .
i had also been aggressed by a bum in the street with a man watching without helping and you can imagine how that devastated and scarred me in that sense .
everything was great until the end of his stay where i felt something off .
i knew deep inside me that i would n't have seen him again .
2007 can burn in the deepest pit of hell .
i had to finish my year at university go to class take exams go grocery shopping and i was a wreck .
i was heartbroken but agoraphobia was much worse than that .
it was a new nightmare i did n't even know existed .
i lived alone and did n't know how i could do anything to basically survive .
you know how hard it is to just tell people you have this thing .
but when i finally went back home for the summer i talked to my parents about it and was given medications by a psychiatrist .
i do n't want to make this too long but i spent three more years in paris as i had to finish my studies and found a job there .
hardly ever went out except for the supermarket down the road and even that was a struggle on some days .
xanax always on my pocket was somehow my best friend at the time .
university/work had somehow become familiar routes that i could reach by bus and the bus stop was only across the road .
the times i went out i had friends picking me up or sleeping over .
only dated online and met them closest possible to my apartment .
that 's not life when you are in your mid 20s .
one day i finally made the best decision of my life .
that probably sounded like a loser move to this achievist '' society .
you are supposed to leave your small town be independent get a great job .
i was living in f___ing paris how could i move back to an old men 's town ?
it 's social media society where everybody 's life is standardized and has to get a like '' .
it 's exactly when i stopped doing things for people that i got my life back .
i walked out of that mechanism and listened to what i needed .
i did n't care what everybody else was thinking anymore .
it was n't easy to be back home and be without a life plan .
i wanted to feel the love of my mother and father before it was too late .
when you are ok with who you really are and stop responding to other people 's expectations life will unfold itself in front of you .
i met my so online and he was very different from all the urban hipsters i had encountered before .
he was n't materialistic did n't take photos of his lunch he was a small town person like me and we shared the same values .
both listened to 80s rock and metal that was enough to disgust any parisian i knew .
i did n't look for someone with a great career because it would have impressed my friends .
i finally searched found the person i really wanted .
he wanted children just as much as i did and we did n't wait much before becoming a family !
see how i was enduring in patterns that were completely opposite to what my soul wanted .
and i did that because i was expected to do certain things in order to be seen as successful .
i thought that achieving someone else 's idea of a satisfactory life would have fixed mine .
agoraphobia is dreadful and it 's normal that we see it as an enemy .
you are creating a panic attack as absurd as it can sound it could be for your own good and you must wonder why .
try to examine the circumstance in which it kicked in your life .
of course i can not guarantee that this works for everybody but highly recommend this approach .
those were my root caused yours will be different try to honestly spot what you 'd rather change in your life it does n't matter how uncool it sounds for others .
do the first step do n't worry about fixing everything at once .
when you begin feeling good you can only attract more happiness .
in about 3 weeks my friend is getting married and has prepared a surprise honeymoon to china for him and his wife .
originally he planned to announcement the surprise at the reception but has now got nervous about doing that and has asked me to create a video explaining it all instead .
what i am hoping to do is to have some clips in the video of people who are in china saying something along the lines of 'welcome to china alex and kiera ' or 'we ca n't wait to have you in our country ' etc etc .
whether its said in english or chinese does n't matter .
if there is anyone in this sub who is willing to do this out of the kindness of your heart then that would be awesome .
if i have posted in an unsuitable sub then can someone please direct me to one where this post might have more of an impact ?
i 've noticed a few times that i 've ended up with server transitions that have both been helpful and harmful from either side of the transition .
every single time the players being transitioned were either in combat other players or npcs rogue or both .
therefore players should not transition and it should cancel if either one happens .
this does have the potential to be exploited by entering combat to block a transition and massively over-fill a server if you have a ton of friends to help do that .
there should either be some specific situation where these rules are fully ignored forcibly transfer players if someone joins their group when the server is 20 over capacity and nobody else can be transferred or players ca n't join a group into an over-filled dz instance .
it 's not a priority to get such a system in place but it would help remove some of the small annoyances with the dz in its current state .
most notably players exploiting a transition to go rogue just before it occurs which i 've only personally encountered once they barely hurt me before vanishing so no salt there .
my microphone is hard to hear for my friends on discord but when i 'm on skype my microphone sounds 100 fine for my friends .
i tried turning the default settings and changing the settings on voice .
the problem is that my microphone sounds static and not clear .
all me and my friends remember was playing this in primary school .
you flew around to different jungle temples in a helicopter by clicking on the direction pad at the bottom of the screen until you flew to the first one then when you completed the challenges there you could fly of again to the next one .
puzzles include fixing a broken drinks machine and making a drink exploring a maze in first person with a minimap that did n't show where you were until you found the door and some sort of lifting puzzle with a crane or something .
there were evil robots and i think the aim was to rescue somebody from them .
everything was controlled by this direction pad or by typing code presumably because it was trying to teach kids coding .
art/graphics style was very pixelated mainly due to the time of release .
i was prescribed zineryt a erythromycin and zinc lotion for the acne on my face papular .
i am so happy that after about 2.5 months of treatment my skin is almost clear !
despite some pih i finally feel confident not wear foundation .
however i am really scared that when i come off the magical lotion my chin and cheek acne will return .
i have never been taken off antibiotics for acne before took lymecycline or oxytetracycline and continuously from 2008 til feb this year only took oxy for 3 years straight .
topical wise i took duac for at about 7 years epiduo 6 months .
i know it 's different for everyone but does acne come back after stopping antibiotics ?
or will i be forever maintaining my skin with something ?
we all know that vm are quick on their feet when it comes to improvising .
i am always entertained by their ability to keep the story moving .
however every once and a while i am floored by the not only quick but keen wit that it takes to not only respond quickly but so totally on-point for the character .
last night when travis was asked to spell kevdak 's son zanroar 's name was one of those perfect moments for me .
when have you been similarly floored by a comment or response that though created on the fly seemed like it had been planned for ages ... other than victor ... we were all floored by our off-the-cuff black powder selling npc friend .
new to grim dawn and i 'm puzzled by how legendaries drop here i 'm looking for a legendary pistol do i have to kill monsters wielding pistols to get one ?
i do n't want to include a picture because well who wants to see that but i will if asked .
this is a weird question and i wish i did n't have to ask it but i do n't want it to escalate into something bad so i decided to swallow my pride and get on with it .
my butthole is partially inflamed towards the back region meaning the rear-most portion of my anal sphincter is enlarged and slightly discolored a reddish purple and burns/itches slightly when agitated .
if i 'm just sitting here it 's no big deal and if i 'm walking it 's no big deal .
if i clench my butt or poke at it slightly it feels like it burns a little but also like i 'm itching a bug bite or something .
if i examine it more aggressively it is slightly/moderately painful in a sore type of pain .
upon examination there appears to be a small pea sized or slightly smaller spherical structure that is the source of the agitation .
it is on the opposite side of my prostate gland and is noticeable on the rear surface of my anus .
were i to guess i would think it was because i irritated it by wiping too much or something stupid like that .
i have noticed is has been present for two full days may have been there longer and i barely noticed now and i have recently tried applying some petroleum jelly to see if it is a burn/rash related issue and it just needs to be tended .
i 'm an 18 year old male 6'1 '' and i weigh maybe 155 lbs .
i 'm actually closer to being underweight than i am overweight .
i 'm in relatively good health and i am not using any medications at all whatsoever nor do i have any medical conditions .
i do n't eat too unhealthily but i 'm not a diet freak either .
i do n't think it was something i ate .
hopefully this is something minor that i 'm just unfamiliar with and it will go away soon .
thanks to the loot bags and reward bags i have 4 solar panel iii currently providing me power ...
but i want it all ... all the power available !
that is not going to make my computer crash ... xd
ive been doing cleans for about a year and a half but havent really started focusing on weightlifting seriously until about 3 months ago .
this is about 85 of my 1rm im noticing i almost lock my knees out on the 1st pull and re-bend for the second pull .
interested if this is a major problem and what drills i could use to fix it .
facial symmetry is one specific measures of bodily asymmetry .
people with symmetrical faces are more likely to be rated as youthful and attractive and are more likely to mate because facial symmetry is seen as an indicator of good health and genetic fitness .
therefore i decided to conduct the facial symmetry test on the hausmates both past and present minus omar because i ca n't find a good picture of him sorry !
left/left means that the left side of the face has been mirrored to create the image and right/right means that the right side of the face has been mirrored to create the image .
also sorry if i did n't post this correctly i wanted to explain what this was !
i know that he is n't a great player and he has been a real liability at times this year but god damn it if he has n't been exactly what we needed him to be these past two games .
he 's a true defensive defenseman and he needs some love .
i 'm doing a small survey for a statistics project .
basically i am trying to find out whether viewing the picture of the jigsaw puzzle beforehand will result in shorter completion times .
hello i wanted to find some people that would like to do a rp on two kinds i will play as flora if you 're wondering .
when message me say trace so i know you read this all this can also be nsfw if you like message me kik dust_animosus
i think he was laughed at by a group of world leaders or scientists early in the manga .
he was a researcher at a university and he received a package from his father and he opened it to find a female robot ?
he was attacked and saved by a group close to his father .
first time filming myself ... not as clean as i thought my squat would look .
i 've been doing stronglifts for a couple months now .
but now started to record myself to check my form .
i levelled my hunter skill i am now level 84 .
this story is a continuation of this https www.reddit.com/r/gametales/comments/4eut7i/dd_35e_morons_and_molotovs .
after leaving the bar at the end of the last session the party decided to investigate this cult the note they had found was from someone called simply m '' so they went to the census bureau where coraim forged a government official 's id and casted disguise self turning himself into the most heinous of creatures a bureaucrat .
he then went into the building and asked the receptionist for a list of everyone in the city who 's name begins with an m saying it was a matter of national security they did n't think about how we 'd go through them yet .
after a few diplomacy checks the receptionist said he could have it by the end of the day and could give it to coraim .
now that they had some time to kill the party decided to find a job to do in the meantime .
coraim used bardic knowledge to try to find a job and the party found out that a store in town was recently broken into and quickly set off to investigate .
upon arriving at the shop they found the shopkeeper cleaning up many broken items and asked him about what was going on .
the shopkeeper explained that his shop had been broken into and that he suspected a competitor was the culprit and offered to pay the party to investigate .
vido always looking for a way to fulfill his senseless murder requirement to become an assassin or asmassin as the group had taken to calling them because of reasons i forgot asked if the shopkeeper wanted his rival dead if they found out he was the culprit .
the shopkeeper was understandably shocked to hear this but surprisingly said that as long as he was n't implicated they were free to deal with his rival as we pleased so we set off towards the other shop for a good investigating read as murdering .
when they arrived at the shop the party began to question the shopkeep who was visibly shaking as we asked him questions as well as being quite evasive .
eventually vido grabbed the shopkeeper by the neck and threatened him with his dagger if he would n't say if he was involved with the break-in but he would n't talk so iaghar and vido tried to punch the shopkeeper both got critical misses and hit a hard surface such as iaghar 's breastplate and broke their wrists .
next coraim began playing hello on lute at this point it had become his signature song for distraction/interrogation .
even when faced with adele the shopkeeper maintained that he was n't involved but coraim did n't believe him so he shot and killed him with a crossbow then looted and burned his shop .
the party then returned to the shopkeeper who hired them who was surprisingly happy with the job they did at least now he did n't have to worry about break-ins .
the shopkeeper payed the party and sent them on their way .
they then went to a cleric to fix their broken bones .
it had been quite a while since coraim visited the census bureau but he had n't rested so he could n't use disguise self again so they decided to send vido in as coraim 's assistant to get the papers .
they started forging ids but failing repeatedly at one point they rolled 3 natural 1s in a row that has a theoretical probability of 0.0125 of happening if i 'm correct .
eventually we had to buy more paper as well as an outfit that looked like that of a bureaucrat .
after several tries we made a convincing id and vido went down to the census bureau while the rest of the group stayed at the tavern .
coraim 's fake name while impersonating the government official was supposed to be dimble murnig names from the gnome names section of the phb but vido mispronounced it as dimple mermaid while speaking with the receptionist .
after getting the papers vido decided he was going to get his murder for no reason '' requirement for becoming an assassin so he lured the receptionist into his office and shot him in the berries killing him instantly i do n't understand it either .
the screaming of the receptionist as he died from his groin-wound alerted the guards who went into the room to arrest vido who insisted that the man had had a heart attack ... which had made a large wound appear on him .
just then the rest of the party decided vido had been gone too long and went to look for him and found him being arrested .
coraim posing as dimble murnig went up to the guards and showed them his forged id and said that the receptionist was actually working for the cult of orcus and that the skull dagger had been found on the corpse of one of his associates and that when vido was sent to arrest him he resisted and had to be killed .
what coraim meant to say next was we are above the law you incompetent constable '' what he said by mistake was we are above the law you impotent constable '' not because of a bad roll but because coraim 's player said the wrong word while reciting what he would say and just went with it .
the guard quickly got offended claiming to not be impotent to which coraim responded with yes you are i 've talked to your wife about it it 's why she wants a divorce '' .
the guard then asked what a divorce was because it 's the middle ages and coraim explained .
not long after that everyone gave up on diplomacy and the party attacked the guards killing two one of which iaghar tore to pieces with a critical hit with his axe .
after a surprise round the party fled and that 's where the session ended on a cliffhanger .
what did they even change cause i see no difference from before .
i know they said they changed the range to be more like the m1014 shotgun but i 'm still getting one shotted across the map by frost .
i 'm playing dqb demo right now and i do n't know when it 's going to end .
and i will be quite regret if it could n't use the save file from demo
could you guys tell me is it going to be possible ?
ok so i am making an abridged series of another we currently have the script done and we are waiting for voice actors .
feel free to throw in your audition http www.behindthevoiceactors.com/members/thewildgazelle/casting-call/another-abridged thank you guys and i hope you have fun with it .
i 'm in the process of completing a file share to sharepoint online migration .
some users use a custom application which relies on content in the file share .
after i 've mapped a network drive to the sharepoint online document library i can successfully browse the content in windows explorer however when i run dir '' on the directory from the command line all of the content is out of order which is causing problems with the application .
running dir o n '' sorts the content alphabetically but i need it to display in order without adding the o '' switch at the end .
does anybody know what 's causing this and how i can resolve it ?
i 'm looking to grow 1-2 plants for me and my wife .
we live in an apartment so it needs to be inconspicuous and needs good filtration for smell .
just looking for a good stealth build that can handle our needs .
i saw on here yesterday someone did a build out of a mini fridge and i liked the idea .
i 'm heading to king 's dominion tomorrow for the first time in ages and was curious if anyone could answer a couple of questions about the 305 .
1 i 'm a pretty seasoned coaster rider should i still be concerned about a greyout at the bottom of the first hill ?
2 i 'm an overall big guy but i do n't hold all of my weight in any one place more offensive lineman '' less beer belly '' kind of build .
or any of the other newer rides at kd for that matter afair the wooden coasters are probably a no go due to the way the seats are molded ?
should i spring for the fast passes or is it not worth ?
edit my buddy recently went to carowinds and bought a season refill drink cup .
can he use it at kd as well since they are owned by the same company ?
just helping a friend do whatever he wants on mh .
i feel like a lot of the immersion would be lost when playing as say scotland or france when the barbarian voices from r2 and attila are used .
remember how badass the scottish french and hre 's voices were ?
now this mod is gon na have way more factions than m2 had so please keep these voices in to diversify the factions a bit .
but i think the immersion would greatly benefit if the m2 voices could possibly be thrown in there .
the list of m2 voices for the old world goes as follow
so a combination of these and the r2 attila voices would help a lot !
if it 's possible i think it would be the right move to make .
you may have seen my old post talking about my semi-blind play through never looked things up until ng but friends talked about it for years .
i beat it with a few standard characters paladin wizard pyromaniac ect .
should i get ds2 with dlc for cheap seen it for 30 or ds3 now that it is new ?
also i 'm on xb1 so idk if that makes a difference .
if i have healing lotus and ascending dragon kick which do you think is the better third ability ?
i was at kallang wave mall but the clerk told me they did n't have this promo even though it was displayed on the shelf .
i have been trying to get the game to work all day it was working fine yesterday after having similar problems but now it is crashing on startup again .
the game works when dsfix is disabled renaming dinput8 but no matter what i do in either ini file the game opens a window then immediately says that it is n't responding and closes .
i have aa off in game and i am using my 1080p monitor as opposed to my main monitor which is 2560x1080 it worked on that monitor yestarday though in 1080p when i run it in 2560 the screen goes black i can still hear the game and can revert the settings but everything is black .
i have windows 10 and am have tried everything google offers me i have enabled and disabled each and every option in dsfix none of them make it startup sometimes it loads a white screen then crashes but it is usually black .
that is all i have i dearly hope someone in here can help me i was right about to kill the stray demon in the asylum in my first playthrough and now i ca n't play .
i uninstalled the beta update and reinstalled dsfix from the nexus . i have no idea what was wrong it was working with the beta i guess it just wanted a 24 hour holiday .
they walked him into the cane and then turned him around .
clives they left tied up in the cab and while they had their backs turned he slipped into the cane and he would be the one who would deliver oscar to the family .
they looked at oscar and he looked at them and then he started to speak .
the words coming out like they belonged to someone else his spanish good for once .
he told them that what they were doing was wrong that they were going to take a great love out of the world .
love was a rare thing easily confused with a million other things and if anybody knew this to be true it was him .
he told them about ybón and the way he loved her and how much they had risked and that they 'd started to dream the same dreams and say the same words .
he told them that it was only because of her love that he 'd been able to do the thing that he had done the thing they could no longer stop told them if they killed him they would probably feel nothing and their children would probably feel nothing either not until they were old and weak or about to be struck by a car and then they would sense him waiting for them on the other side and over there he would n't be no fatboy or dork or kid no girl had ever loved over there he 'd be a hero an avenger .
because anything you can dream he put his hand up you can be .
they waited respectfully for him to finish and then they said their faces slowly disappearing in the gloom listen we 'll let you go if you tell us what fuego means in english .
i 've read the kodi wiki on sql databases but i 'm having a hard time wrapping my head around how to set up several different devices i.e .
fire tv stick kodi nvidia shield kodi to one centralized kodi database .
i have an extra pc to use if necessary .
i 'm leaning towards selling abreu so i can fit cabrera and beltre at my corners but damn jose absolutely rakes for me .
its gon na hurt my feelings to get rid of him or have him on the bench .
even though the toothbrush is for cleaning and the forks/spoons essentially the opposite from the point of view of our dental health .
i 've noticed only recently that my depth of field when talking to npcs looks like tunnel-vision .
it has never done that before and even loading previous saves it is n't like that .
first two images with danse and preston who the tunnel-vision whilst the last two are in an older non-survival save .
i made this post for those who may have any questions about the condition how it may affect ivar or what it actually does .
also i just want to say that seeing ivar on the show is a really cool experience for me .
i read a lot of viking history growing up i was always fascinated with ivar the boneless .
seeing his blue sclera the white part of your eyes was awesome because i knew that meant they were definitely going with the same condition on the show .
have you read the sidebar and rules http www.reddit.com/r/buildapc/wiki/rules ?
if gaming what kind of performance are you looking for ?
post a draft of your potential build here specific parts please .
http www.reddit.com/r/buildapc/wiki/pcpp do n't ask to be spoonfed a build read the rules !
current mobo msi computer corp. motherboard ddr3 1600 intel h61 ddr3 a and gbe microatx lga 1155 motherboard h61m-e33 w8
alright so i 'm looking to upgrade my motherboard .
my main reason is that the one i own is a microatx which is starting to give me some issues .
first of all because of its size my gtx 970 gpu has blocked half of my sata ports which prevents me from being able to connect more hdds for space .
i 've tried almost every angle sata cable none have worked .
i 'm also looking to add a fan as i have been using the stock cooler since i made the build but alas the size is the issue once again .
i 've tried looking around but have n't really seen an answer .
is is possible to change just the motherboard while keeping my cpu ?
i 'm not too tech savvy i know some stuff but not everything .
i 'm sure it 's possible to do so but i 'm assuming it 'll be complicated ?
i really do n't have the budget for a new cpu t the moment either .
note you do not have to follow this format but please be sure to answer these questions .
please do not ask to simply be given a build .
this happened about 2 1/2 years ago and i just recently discovered reddit so i 'm posting now .
i live in southern california and he in northern alabama .
we found in august of 2014 and he passed the day after thanksgiving .
i travelled to be with him every 2-3 weeks .
i returned home on tuesday and he passed on friday afternoon .
when i got the call from my family i was understandably upset .
i cried for a few hours out on my back porch witch is lit with string lights .
and mind you this was not a normal ocurance .
the lights would dim and brighten back up only about twice and hour .
i do not know what caused me to ask this but i said daddy is that you ?
the lights dimmed and brightened twice in a row they had never done that prior .
my husband came running out and i asked him if he noticed a power surge or the lights dimming in the house or anything .
i told him what happened and i do n't think he believes me .
i 'm wondering if anyone else has had this experience ?
i could n't post this under my regular username..in case it turns out badly .
because i do n't want people who know my history feeling sorry for me .
i do n't need people feeling sorry for me .
i do n't know if i 'm looking for support or what the fuck ever .
i just need to get this out there because i ca n't tell anybody*..not my husband .
or my mil who would be thrilled if i were pregnant and really fucking disappointed if i thought i was and it turned out to not be true or if i had a miscarriage .
she would n't show her disappointment outwardly..but i 'd be pissed at myself for letting her down .
i 'm on day 41 of my cycle which is n't that far over the limit of what 's considered normal '' for hairy overweight probably has pcos me .
normal for me is anywhere between 32-60 days usually leaning more towards the 30-35 day side .
60 days is n't that common ... but it has happened before .
i want to be pregnant so bad even though we have n't been really trying trying .
i mean..we have n't been trying but we have n't been doing anything to actually prevent pregnancy either .
so it 's theoretically possible although not really probable you know what i mean ?
i have a pee stick test in the bathroom but i do n't want to use it..in case it turns out to be negative .
i 'm terrified of it being positive and i 'm equally terrified of it being negative .
the emotional side of me is telling me to just take the damn test in the morning when i first get up and the more logical side of me is saying to wait until a full 60 days have passed before taking the test .
which is probably what i 'll end up doing .
and the entire time i 'll be wondering..am i pregnant ?
right now..being late is the only symptom i have .
i have n't had any nausea/vomiting and my boobs are n't swollen or sore .
i 'm not sure what the end result will be but i 'm really hoping i 'm pregnant .
i 've had mine for probably two years now as a spare car .
i 've fixed a few things here and there and sent it to a shop to have it checked out and a few more things done while i was working on my daily too while it was unregistered .
i bought it failing emissions and in need of some love from the previous owner .
i left it basically sitting outside of a few drives for about a year before doing the work and starting to really drive it outside of weekend drives .
i daily it now and after doing/getting that work done i had used it every day for probably a month and a half while i was working on my actual dd .
i 've been using it again for a few weeks as a daily at the moment since i have a serious coolant leak on the radiator of my dd and not enough money for my standards while i have a second running car to warrant a repair at this second .
my aw11 had been abused by the previous owner and has 210k on it but has been reliable for me so far .
can i realistically expect this car to carry out daily driving for a few months and save up a few more ks ?
i 'm sure a lot of you have had maybe multiple experiences with aw11s and would like a general consensus .
i am an exchange student currently attending and american high school .
since the start of the year i have been talking with this incredibly cute girl .
i wouldnt say that we are flirting per-se but we have a great chemistry and are frequently commenting on each others apperances like dang i get to hang out with the cute foreign kid '' i have the prettieat prom date '' etc .
throughout the year i have had things with other girls who were more straightfoward with their feelings and so on but this special girl was always in the back of my mind .
now here is the question i am taking her to prom should i try to kiss her at the prom and maybe ruin our really good friendship or so nothing and maybe regret it forever .
btw i am leaving america in 7 weeks and will probably only come back once every 3 years .
pls help me reddit you 're my only hope !
silly question i know but i 'd like to know is there any difference between the bigger and smaller looking rock crabs both level 13
can we talk about how on-point esam is at mafia ?
tell us about something creepy or spooky that you 've experienced .
may you think something paranormal happened to you or maybe you 've seen some creepy people .
or maybe you have a memory that does n't make sense but feels real .
one of my earliest memories does n't make a lick of sense to me .
i recall i was staying in a hotel or a family member 's house sleeping in an unfamiliar bed with my mother .
i woke up in the middle of the night and saw the closet opened into an open sky .
i recall white puffy clouds gently floating along a pale blue sky no storm clouds in sight .
i was terrified so i woke my mother up but when i pointed to the closet there was only old clothes hanging on a rack .
in high school i was walking from a suburban neighborhood into some woods .
when i came upon where the tree line ended and the development began i saw a mound in a dip .
sitting in this dip was a deer on it 's side .
the head was severed and sitting a few inches from the neck facing the correct position .
the front hooves were gone and the belly looked to be slashed open .
the eyes were gone too but turkey vultures sometimes get them .
the cuts to the head and belly looked clean but it looked like the guts were ripped out .
it did n't stink so it was killed either that day or the day before .
first off i 'm not asking anyone to directly help me acquire trees nor am i trying to advertise for anyone .
if you want to be specific about the shops please dm me .
i 'm going to a show in denver early next week and i want to stop by a recreational shop and pick up foliage to tide me over while i 'm in denver .
i 'm also extremely clueless as to the prices of things .
i 'm not looking for 8ths or anything like that just maybe grams or pre-rolled joints .
so if y'all can throw out some general price ranges for said amounts that would be hella dope .
also might have an extra ticket to foals at the ogden that i won so stay tuned .
also i guess i should ask about places i can go to smoke like parks or really anywhere i wo n't get hassled .
let me start by saying that i have thought a lot about joining the sex industry and for about the last year i 've really gone back and forth with the idea of seriously getting into it .
i kinda dabbled in it by doing a couple of cam shows here and there but when it comes to actually getting into to it i am clueless as where to start .
i want to get into escorting but i have no idea how .
i 've read a lot about it and have tried going indie but it has n't really worked for me .
recently i 've started thinking about joining an agency instead of being on my own .
but i 'm not sure how to find one that 's safe and trustworthy and worth my time .
i 've looked on backpage and even talked to a few people about working with them i 'm just not sure how safe connecting through the site is .
if there is anyone who has any experience with backpage and/or advertising on their own or anyone who has any tips in general about starting out in sex work and escorting in particular i 'd love to hear from you !
also i 'd just love to meet other sex workers so that i 'd have other people to talk to and connect with !
are those for lvl 30 players only or can low level player get it too ?
who just chased me for 15 minutes and then died to an invading moundbro
my car 02 celica gts has stock wheels which are 5 spoke 16 '' aluminum alloys .
the wheels have been flaking since i purchased the car first owner had car in maryland now i have it in floirda .
i have n't been able to find a wheel that looks as bad as mine but i may be using the wrong search terms .
the wheels have large sharp flakes which expose a brownish oxidized rough surface beneath .
is this something that would be possible to do without professional tools ?
thanks for any information i have searched often about this problem but tonight i figure i 'd ask for some help on reddit .
i think my highest ovr pull was base zach martin .
still rocking a 89 ovr budget squad with probably hundreds of hours played .
my pack luck is just straight ass this year .
still trying for a ul or something good though .
just to compare how 's everybody that ca n't buy packs squads looking right now ?
ugh ... terrible hangover today felt like on death 's door and everything coming out both ends from 3 drinks that is it .
prosecco a french 75 with no syrup and a glass of white wine .
also our food took forever to come and i got drunk before i ate and i did n't eat any carbs to soak it up .
but yeah it seems like this is just one of those keto lessons everyone learns the hard way at some point .
before yesterday i had n't had more than 2 drinks tops started keto oct 2015 for fear of blowing my carb budget but i got a bit sloppy and gave in to peer pressure !
looking for info such as the year and actual model of this .
just bought this and curious about it 's details .
we 've been friends for over 3 years now and i really like her .
i 'm pretty sure she likes me as well because of how she acts but we 've hugged like twice never held hands and never kissed .
we 're going to prom together tomorrow and i think it 's the perfect opportunity to take our relationship to a higher more physical level .
we 're going to a fun center for a couple hours then dinner and then prom .
i 'd like some advice on how to create the atmosphere and opportunity for a kiss or even just a relationship more committed than friends .
this would be my first kiss so i have no idea what i 'm doing .
any help on how to prepare get the balls to make a move go in for a kiss or even how to kiss her would be greatly appreciated !
tl dr i like a girl and would like to use prom as an excuse/reason to kiss her .
ran into a twitch staff member today in springfield or he was on vacation .
asked him several things but the one weird thing that stood out to me we just got our dev kits in a month ago '' ... ... ..
that 's xb1 and ps4 dev kits not the new consoles .
i 'm assuming this means that they 're planning on revamping the integrated streaming applications ?
u/2880poe i am so excited to have been chosen as a recipient of one of your handmade cards .
i love the ribbon ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
i love when i get hit by the happy before i even open the envelope ! !
and then the card ... i love this card ! ! ! !
sweetness to the hilt apparently this has a nsfw meaning now a days i ca n't keep up ...
i really want to know how you got that green burlap to stick on there without having goopity gobs of glue everywhere .
'cause if i tried to pull that off all you 'd notice is all the glue .
u/powelale000 you sent me a card with my very favorite saying on it ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
so that means that you my dear you are the bee 's knees !
i appreciate your sending me such a sweet card and the lovely sediment u/twerptwo is rubbing off on me sentiment inside .
the sun has sun glasses on ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
i hope that my card brings joy your way it will soon be yours muchos thanks to you ! ! !
u/prattbrat leapin ' lima beans ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
i ca n't believe this envelope was able to hold so much cheer !
i had such a surge of joy as i was looking through all of the fun bits of this and that kind of like getting to that stocking when i was a kid on c'mas morning .
my mom santa totally rocked the whole filling the stocking thing .
and that my new friend is the kind of joy that i felt thanks to you ! !
i mean i do n't like to talk behind anyone 's back or anything but u/twerptwo has really got it bad and then he got joe hooked too ...
if an intervention is ever needed i 'm hoping that i can count on your assistance .
i hope my card brings happiness right back atcha 3 3
u/queencuntpunt thank you for the fun wreck-it ralph postcard .
i must confess that i have n't seen it ...
the imagery on the card at visual development stage is lovely .
wreck-it ralph is now on the to watch list .
it 's been fun seeing you around spreading joy and a such pleasure to meet you my queen .
i hope that you get a kick out of the card that will soon be coming your way .
an extra d polarity slot ai n't that unique .
for all the pomp and pageantry a primed warframe commands now the gameplay benefits still only amount to some additional stats and an a polarized slot .
so how about this instead of the typical added v or d slot why not a primed slot in addition to the other polarized slot that will halve the mod capacity of any mod ?
this gives primed warframes a unique feature over regular warframes that is only accessible through building one .
it grants primes a unique gameplay benefit that does n't qualify as power creep .
it could even play into the lore of primes as the exilus slot did .
taking the idea a bit further you could even make it so primed mods have a unique interaction with them such as completely removing their cost and maybe even a snazzy animation when slotting it in .
this could also be extended to weapons because why the hell do some primed weapons not even come with a single polarized slot ?
just a quick idea as primes are getting fancier reveals now but are still kinda mundane compared to their counterparts .
anyone know where i can go for a re-map for my bonneville ?
i know international motorsports can do it but unfortunately only the langley location .
i 'm looking for something a little closer to the city ?
how can zoom kill his past self and be ok when rf disintegrated after eddie shot himself ?
and why would past zoom be a time remnant ?
on the one hand alternate timelines but then why would rf disappear and not just cause a split in the timeline ?
i feel like the whole end of rf was a bad decision in terms of plot mechanics .
i was wondering how i should fuel up for tomorrow 's big walk .
i 'm looking at walking a mile in maybe 17 minutes what should i eat so i 'm ready to go ?
i do n't wan na pass out mid-walk or anything should i get gels ?
for the past few years my two sons have been living with my dad he was helping me out until i got back on me feet .
recently i took my oldest son to see a counselor because he 's been acting out pretty badly .
getting into fights not caring about school and he was even caught strangling his little brother .
while at the counselors office i asked j if he would like me to leave him alone with the l the counselor .
long story short he told l that my dad has been abusing him and his brother d. l says she is required to report this to dcs which i totally get .
my dad has legal guardianship of my boys and up until a month ago they have been living with my dad .
now however i am not supposed to let my boys be alone with my dad which i also get but seeing as he is legal guardian that 's kind of hard to do .
i 've filed the paperwork to terminate the guardianship but it is suspected that i wo n't receive a hearing date until the end of next month .
you should know i believe my son 100 and here is why ... my father abused me for most of my childhood .
before anyone gets all up in arms i never thought he would put my children through that .
we have had many conversations about our past and it was my understanding that he came to the realization that what he did was wrong and he was sorry for it especially since he has always told me that i should n't even spank my kids .
the things j described to l were pretty much spot on to what my dad did to me .
i have never told my boys about the things my dad did .
i did n't want their opinion of him to be changed just because of how i felt .
after the meeting with l my son is upset he says he feels better after telling someone but that he does n't want grandpa to get in trouble and he is also afraid that my dad will be mad at him .
i 've been to a lawyer she knows all of this ... but i feel pretty crappy about all of it .
i trusted my father i left my children in his care .
i feel responsible for what j and d have gone through .
i would like nothing more than to confront my dad about this but 1 i promised my son i would say nothing to my dad and 2 i 've been advised by my lawyer not to say anything because that would give him time to come up with excuses ... it 's better he not be expecting it .
waking up from a massive hangover from celebrating knocking our most disliked rival from the playoffs and opening r/losangeleskings and reading all of the bitter shit they have to spew from their bitter mouths .
i 've loved music more than anything since i was a child .
i used to go and sit by my mom 's cd player and listen to beethoven 's 5th over and over again .
in 5th grade my mom had me learn the oboe .
which for a while i thought i loved more than anything .
for the past year i 've been practicing 2 or 3 hours a day and made first chair in a few honor bands as a sophomore in high school .
the more i play the more i want to be a professional musician when i grow up .
i 'm just enthralled with the concept of completely dedicating myself to music .
i 'm learning to make reeds with my teacher with moderate success .
however lately i just keep feeling like all the maintenance problems of the oboe are just getting in the way of actually getting to play music .
i love playing ... . but i hate spending tons of time and money on reeds .
and that 's even thinking about the 10,000 dollar oboe that i 'd have to buy as a professional .
as i never actually picked the oboe when i was young this is all making me wish i could go back in time and play a different instrument instead where i could focus on playing instead of reeds .
i almost want to quit the oboe but i do n't know if i 'd ever get good enough at the trombone my 1st choice in the time i have before applying to a music school .
why should i make the life of a professional musician any more financially difficult by playing the oboe ?
i 've tried to talk to my band director and my teacher about this but they do n't seem to understand .
tl dr i 'm certain that my life lies with playing classical music but i wish i did n't play the oboe for lots of practical reasons even though i love it .
i 'd want to switch to trombone but i do n't know if those feelings are only generated out of frustration or if doing so would even be feasible .
incredible stage presence very much in the spirit of a 1996-2005 marilyn manson .
the whole act is extremely well coordinated and very very professional .
i 've done photography of a lot of bands before and if anyone wants a link to more of my work i 'd be happy to provide .
i 've done meshuggah buckethead that 1 guy lil dicky and quite a few others .
i can see and have heard about 2 years old being a general cutoff period for breastfeeding but anything beyond that is what seems to become excessive .
i get it mother 's milk has all this delicious nutritious goodness and it does benefit a child to have it but there 's something unseemly about a toddler who can walk and talk and eat on their own still suckling on a nipple .
my opinion on the matter has nothing to do with breastfeeding stigma .
i do n't shame the act of breastfeeding and i actually support a more open view to it being done in public .
the issue i have is when a child no longer needs to rely on their mother for sustenance .
they do comedy nights all over the gold coast .
i almost feel bad for teams getting booted out of the playoffs ... but then i remember they 're all loaded with banging wives/girlfriends and get to play the best game on earth for a living .
well there 's just about the five worst words anyone could string together ...
you have n't seen a shen diving ... only takes a titanic hydra and some armor to make your tower look like dipshit paper
i am using packages spell check toggle method in the menu bar up top osx .
when i create a new file it reverts back to spell checking with red-underline again .
zillman is better than the scrubs on here give him credit for .
too bad they 're all half-baked and have n't amounted to anything
yeah i had a manager do shit like this .
they would n't allow me to take pictures of the schedule so i started writing down the schedule and having a manager verify it and then sign it .
one day they call me up and go why are n't you at work ! ? ''
i go well i have a signed schedule here that says it is my day off . ''
oh she was pissed asked me if i could come in anyways .
i go nope it 's my day off . ''
they did some other shit trying to break their own rules to try and squeeze the employees for every dime the employees had .
i had a car a pretty uncommon thing among the employees and i 'd drive to work .
well one day they said that i 'm going to drive 30 minutes to another store .
then she starts threatening my hours and shit like that saying i 'm willfully defying her .
come to find out she 'd called up her boss trying to get me in trouble one of the managers loved me so gave me the inside info well her boss told her that i did nothing wrong and that they can ask but i can say no .
in addition to that they were n't going to pay me any gas and they were going to have me clock out while i was driving .
unlike most of the other people in that store i followed all of the rules to a t. when they wanted to do something they 'd usually watch the cameras and try to get some leverage on you to make you do as they wanted .
they had nothing on me so they could n't force me to do anything .
oh and eventually they refused to sign my hand-written time schedules .
we need to beat them for the team to really feel they can do it .
nashville wo n't have nearly the same effect on the fire of the players .
any other option for a forged upper without fa and no ejection port cover but has a brass deflector ?
she 'd sleep on the floor of auri 's cabin before admitting that she was chilly in her company .
besides this is auri 's special day she 's going to do everything to make it splendid .
i did n't like that fairy fighting and dragon were grouped with specific tribes before .
bug/poison are imo the weakest so it makes sense that they would be available to all tribes .
fairy was perfect for avatar 's waterbending which is linked to the moon in the story but then wind and earth tribes would have been unbalanced .
first of all let 's not forget how/why we know about these speeches in the first place .
releasethereturns bernie then maybe you 'll have a leg to stand on .
second of all i am sick to death of this bankruptcy bill talking point .
is it so difficult to actually do your due diligence and read an unbiased account of the sordid legislative history of the bankruptcy reform bill ?
hillary clinton did n't do anything based on wall street donors .
i do n't know what elizabeth warren was thinking in the video .
i really hope someone confronts weaver on his evidence . ''
whenever some one asks you a question you just answer fucking tyler seguin ey . ''
you get keys every time you make a rebirth '' ..
i received 9 and since i only got rare chests every 10 lvls or so i think that 's pretty alright
he once told a judge that taking drugs was ‘like having a shotgun in my mouth with my finger on the trigger and i like the taste of gun metal '
mozart is lots of doubling vocal lines strauss is very thematic and active mahler is passionate and also supporting .
be prepared for lots of sustained chords and background support playing interspersed with moments of really fun stuff .
there are few things as rewarding and fulfilling as playing a low brass prominent chorale or anthem imo .
yes it really is as fun as it sounds to play .
oh and be prepared to count lots of rests and tacet plenty of full movements .
i 've been playing alot of chess lately on chess with friends for android .
serves him right for wanting to marry a yank divorcee
because whole teams of nurses need want someone to do all the lifting .
there 's fantastic beasts and cursed child i think it 's a bit too much to add in a new book about voldemort .
maybe after these things come out and when the fans have settled down ... then we can excited again for more hp .
also this is exactoy the opposite of what happens .
you dont win the game due to a first blood but if you manage to lose a pot and the first blood to a better late game character sure it hurts but still titan camping is the main issue with duel now .
alas i was hoping you 'd say golden valley minnesota .
we had the same six arts core '' groups though and basically every single picture on that website could 've been taken at my school 3
savor the time you have left cause there ai n't never gon na be a sunnier time in your life
this was a very weird game from an officiating standpoint but dennis does n't need to be complaining on social media .
the hawks still had plenty of opportunities to win the game and could n't make it happen .
the man you are talking about tried to stab an israeli soldier and was himself injured .
while they were taking care of injured israeli soldier that man started to move on the ground and so he shot him to stop what he thought might be a suicide bomb .
this is n't brooklyn people die in israel from terrorist attacks almost weekly and i will not pity someone who planned to get shot in the first place by just stabbing someone in broad daylight in a terrorist attack .
man i remember watching this years ago when it originally '' aired on cartoon network when it was cool .
i died laughing and still do to this day .
does anyone also remember the psa parodies from gi joe ? !
how about we just send them postcards from our vacations thanking them for their hard work ?
of course more children are raped by their family how often do strangers get to go to the bathroom with kids vs kids that are at homeat all times of the day 365 days a year .
increase the amount of people swimming more people at risk .
let pedos do what they want more kids at risk .
the whole printing the petition '' part is taking way longer than he anticipated which is why he delayed it .
also said something about monday being better as far as media attention goes
just confirmed after investigating a bit you need only one of each .
peters age is moot because you have lane johnson who has been the lt in waiting for 3 years now .
and you do n't draft tunsil at 2 to have him be your rt for a decade .
and yes i would want johnson at lt way before tunsil .
the qb money question is a horrible point because that 54mil in guaranteed to 3 qb 's '' is just a way to make a big number look bad .
the 2016 outlay for bradford/daniel 2 would be about 23mil which is right there with what you pay for any group of 3 qb 's in today 's market where one is a top tier guy .
and i 'm not saying bradford is but the cost difference between bradford/daniel and a pairing like eli/nassib or romo/moore or even big ben/jones is basically about 1mil on either side .
you do n't look at the 2017 number for bradford because if wentz/goff look even remotely close to ready for 2017 he gets shipped out and the trading team picks up that whole tab minus the 5.5mil signing bonus the 4mil roster bonus would be paid by the other team as long as he is traded before it 's due .
the lt over cb point is literally so he does n't have to have people asking what about ramsey '' even though he 's more of a need pick for them at 2 .
thats so weird because im starting to get down the 1.5 rejection but i cant seem to figure out the other one lol i have a feeling i really need to work on how much perpendicular movement i make with the yoyo to reject and how high i bounce '' the yoyo up at least thats what im gathering by watching the video im supposed to do
ohio it was an estate sale this morning just outside of cleveland .
i used to work at golden corral as a fryer .
now people that has worked in a golden corral knows that many illegal activities occurs inside a golden corral including having no breaks in a 12 hour shift and etc .
well basically during this time i had an anxiety issue that involved my heart where if i 'm put in a stressful situation my heart started to beat rapidly making it ache and making my life miserable .
so i check my schedule and i 'm scheduled to close and than open the next morning which is completely illegal .
i usually get off at midnight when closing and i get up to open at 5am .
so i let my manager know that i am not gon na do this and asked her if there is anyone i can switch shifts with .
she cooperated and told me that she let the closing manager know to let me out around 10pm instead .
well i should n't have because the closing manager did n't let me leave early he actually made me do a bunch of other random extra tasks that was unnecessary .
not only that my phone died and my ride was my roommate who 's number i forgot but since he also worked at golden corral i asked my closing manager if he can tell me my roommate 's number .
he says ok but only after i put back the dishes to their designated locations .
this was around 1230 but i still agreed and did the job but than when i finished which was around 1am i asked him again and he just looks at me and tells me that he locked the office so he ca n't .
i 'm infuriated at this point so i just ask ok can you give me a ride at least ?
so i end up walking home which took about 45 mins and finally got home around 130am .
at this point i 'm exhausted since it was a 13 hour shift and just said fuck it and called out the next morning .
well the manager on my next shift yelled at me about another fryer getting overtime because of me .
but wait until we get into stuff like the dream theory lol
rocket league is the best 20 i 've spent in ages .
press y when changing colors to get a matte finish
as a balding man i hat this new just shave it all off '' movement it seemed that in the 80s that a culdesac hairstyle was widely accepted .
i remember guys like the nba great clyde drexler gladly rocking the culdesac a bunch of other athletes as well imagine if a balding nba player had the audacity to not shave his head when it 's clearly nothing left on top we get on lebron james and it 's not even all the way back yet .
when was the last time we had a tv dad that rocked a mean george jefferson ?
what about the 5 cross checks he threw on nielsen in the corner ?
the refs have n't been great by any standards but they are far from biased .
i honestly do n't see why this is the main point to discuss here though .
who sold him guns who built his '' roads ?
i am having a jooly time with mound makers around level 30 .
yea not like they forgot how many downs a team is supposed to get or the number of timeouts in a half .
shit half of reddit was screaming down their throats with kj 's batted ball .
honestly she would n't look darker if she had highlighter on her face .
problem these days is we do n't make psychos accountable for their actions .
i used to act like a psycho too took medication and everything until i got with someone who knocked the living fuck out of me every time i acted a fool .
yes i really do n't understand why people do this .
what really pisses me off is when players try and kill me as an accidental rogue even after helping them earlier and proving that i 'm not trying to kill any friendly agents in the area .
the sum of their parts http www\.fanfiction\.net/s/11858167/1 by holdmybeer https www\.fanfiction\.net/u/7396284/holdmybeer
for teddy lupin harry potter would become a dark lord .
for teddy lupin harry potter would take down the ministry or die trying .
he should have known that hermione and ron would n't let him do it alone .
site fanfiction.net 139755741356552 site category harry potter rated fiction m chapters 11 words 143,267 reviews 316 favs 616 follows 617 updated 4/12 published 3/24 status complete id 11858167 language english characters harry p. ron w. hermione g. george w. download epub 139755741356552 epub or mobi 139755741356552 mobi
i 'm on the ring hunt right now the farron covenant ring is killing me .
i 'm at sl120 so i 'm not getting any invasions anymore
is it just me or are the cat sightings way more frequent now that circle d is gone ?
one of thor spider-man hanging upside down between two buildings and captain america surrounded by barbed wire .
i remember it being a request thread on here and someone fulfilled that request to be 1080 x 1920 .
but why would the capitalist just allow all this ?
oh man you 're totally on the money with that selection .
susan granny nanny and agnes/perdita certainly stand out but even the women who are n't the lead have well rounded and distinct personalities .
sybil vimes is just as tough as her husband and evidently learned to swing a broadsword at an early age yet has such an enormous heart that she takes seemingly the most hideous of creatures and showing discworld their beauty and dignity .
and that 's before she founds a free clinic !
obviously she makes a great foil and counterpart to captain carrot but we spend enough time with her to know her struggles against what 's expected of her as a noble werewolf ... at least until the family is implicated in a scandal .
and she tells carrot off for trying to be the gallant knight he 's supposed to be without coming off as a jerk or callous she genuinely worries for his safety .
do you wan na know the hypest thing about skyfucker ?
i tried fighting him in my first few attempts with the dragonslayer greatbow
holy shit did i feel like i was back in the dragon war shooting down dragons with spear arrows .
unfortunately my build was not really suited for using the greatbow well and it does n't track too well but boy oh boy do i plan on making an archer build later on and that fight is gon na be fun .
i really appreciate you taking the time to respond man thank you .
i will definitely check out the link for further information and be using the gearing spreadsheet for all my future min/max .
it seems like you keep everything organized and up to date which is awesome !
is there any indication one or two seconds ahead of time where a passive zyra seed is going to spawn ?
i feel that this would take out some of the unskilled '' random element away from the passive and give opportunities for making plays/counter-plays on both sides .
is n't the train yard in beech grove in supposedly one of those fema camps ?
personally i think automatic defenses like that could be more trouble than a helpful technology for the defense of the ship .
first how would the computer tell who is an enemy and who is a friend on red alerts .
certainly the computer can tell who is a crew member from the combadges that starfleet personnel carry but ships hardly carry only starfleet personnel .
civilians are often carried on board to serve the crew especially on the larger classification of ships and when is the last time you saw guinan wearing a starfleet issued combadge ?
also non-starfleet family members that are on-board the ship .
thats not even mentioning the multitude of colonist crews rescued from damaged ships and scientist and always seem to be coming and going from the ship .
would they be subject to being beamed into the brig every time a red alert is issued ?
could you imagine if say the uss enterprise was hosting a klingon diplomat or high ranking member of the high council and a romulan warbird causes the enterprise to go to red alert and the computer beams the klingon representative into the brig ?
it would be a major insult to the klingon empire .
tactically speaking it could be a major weakness instead of a effective counter measure to defend the ship .
time and time again we see that the computer can be compromised even by less technologically advanced powers .
for example the sattaran empire fooled the flagship of the federation the uss enterprise 's computer and its crew into thinking that the federation was a war with the lyssian alliance a space faring nation that was centuries behind the federation in technology .
if that technological inferior power could fool the computer into thinking that then its not outside the possibility that romulan star empire could design a device that could fool the computer into thinking the starfleet crew is the enemy and thus turning the ship against its crew .
the romulans could claim a victory without firing a shot or endangering its own ship and crew in the process .
i also have the mention the iconian probes that destroyed one galaxy class ship and came close to destroying the enterprise and a romulan warbird by effecting the computer by only scanning one ship .
how many of the crew would have died on the enterprise if it had automated defenses system installed ?
in space especially in the star trek universe total automation is n't always the answer to every problem .
hze product of a really long deep run i quit after that but i 'm looking to start playing again i do n't cheat
at first i did n't think the controlled drinking was a mistake because i actually put effort into moderating it and stopping when i needed too however it was a mistake because it was easier to say fuck it and drink those other times with no effort to moderate because i had already slipped up '' and drank that first time .
i thought i could stop after that first night and believed i could but clearly i could n't so all i can do is learn from this .
those other times i drank afterwards did n't feel like as big of a screw up even though i was much drunker because my attitude towards it was somewhat the same as when i was drinking every day .
is anyone working on dead skin cells as a renewable energy source ?
it was 6:30 am and the fog had n't yet lifted the sun was just coming up tinting the sky orange and steam was rising up from the hot pool that only had about 5 other occupants .
it was beautiful and now i love morning swims .
snowglobe purple dimension one of my favs requiem obv pistol challenge cheese cube unlimited
sorry about that i was on the metro while making this post .
i edited it so there are paragraph breaks but it looks a little bit off for some reason after updating the post
look if pwyw utilities were a thing i would have far less reason to continue working here . ''
but if you 're making over 100k as it is however much over that it is why deal with the loss in qol ?
he has his own place no boss he 's not sharing a gaming house no pressure .
ya not op at all he 's my favorite and i guess my 'main ' but in battleborn with it 's character line up that can only last for so long .
definitely wo n't be using attikus in competitive play will be using ghalt for that .
you do n't care about what politicians actually do while in office .
i played him on the wing and he was fantastic not so much anymore .
you seem to be missing what 's been suggested here .
no one is saying hey take space pirate captain harlock and put it all right into stellaris '' .
this anime would look out of place in stellaris .
you can however take elements of something else and bring it into the current stellaris art style and have it fit in just fine .
the stellaris artists would be the ones that would have to do in order to keep consistent .
no one is asking for deviation from the existing stellaris art style .
i only say this because android phones have done it relatively well in the past .
it 's one of the features that i miss dearly after moving from android .
apple can do it better though especially with the quality of the tactics engine .
but you 're saying it is used just in secret so we can never possible verify it .
your video game device is not a real f king problem .
if it is i 'm glad i 'm not you .
if i downloaded the installer from another mac could i transfer it over ?
cause i might have an old one in the closet somewhere ...
u/valiantx and what of automation that can buy and sell better than a human for a fraction of the cost ?
that might be the case now but when he was rising and garnering huge crowds i heard nothing from them .
and if there ever was a mention nearly always negative .
it was typically during a part of the show/s where they have pundit types talking about how they see the various campaigns that day always was a negative spin .
usually no mention of his specific positions or how his positions differ from hillary .
just how he did not what he is about .
relatively new to the blue jays this commentating duo is one of my favourite sports callers tandem of all time
just been over there and downvoted everything i could .
i 'm as tall as my mum and have dad 's body type ...
what bothers me most istn that is is not fun at all.. my problem is that i wait 20 seconds for an game .
i would rather wait 10 minutes if the game would be well balanced ...
congratulations you have won a 5 amazon card pending verification of the email you used to sign up for this .
i am a trump supporter but rooting for bernie over hillary and i post things here when i come across something i think bernie supporters might like or find interesting and much of it gets booted because of 'activism mode ' .
i have never seen anything like that on other political subs .
no it did n't work as in it did n't work..
i was leveling through tbc but a friend hit cap and actually raided got dragged through from about half way through the xpac and still did n't make it to the final raids .
it was too long a slog and not fun for the draggers .
yeah the new system is terrible in the opposite way as i said in another comment i think wotlk had the best balance .
some catch up gear but it did n't even make naxx a total breeze until you were icc geared
oh i remember all that plenty i was fighting very hard against it from the moment it happened .
i just do n't even know why they let him on the stage what did they expect ?
and what 's to say that a plant '' wont read what 's on the internet for everyone to see and therefore follow the method that makes them look like a genuine protestor ?
the guy who deleted his post said it was okay the flyers would n't score on the power play because our pk is ass .
he basically tried to tell me dick was being published as robin to this day .
i kept trying to tell him he has n't been robin since 1984 .
a the current robin 's name is damian wayne .
think the maker of xyz should just turn the feature off .
as convenient as it is if people ca n't behave then we ca n't have nice things .
do n't know which is better the girl or the knot 's symmetry .
in terms of integrated graphics performance the i3 is roughly equal to your old 4850 the a10 is slightly ahead but is behind on cpu performance especially for things that do n't use multiple cores/threads very well such as ksp .
i really like trying different weird sodas and this seems like it might be decent .
to the guy who said do the flyers know they 're on the pp ? ''
when i said behind i did n't mean out of the game lol d
short term profits at the cost of long term gains .
matches perfectly with the asset stripping mentality and this will help them 'balance the books ' by the time they end the term .
oh you mean like when they cast idris elba as heimdall whitest of the gods '' ?
my little cousin told me i looked like an eskimo he 'd recognize from a book at school .
his exact words were dude you look exactly like him '' .
i was a little offended since having known him all his life i thought i 'd be at least entitled to a he looked exactly like you '' .
i was very interested in seeing that picture and he promised me over and over he 'd show me but he never did .
now he 's moved to florida so i may be left forever wondering if he 's telling the truth about my eskimo twin .
i 'd just buy a nexus 5 back cover from aliexpress it 's cheap and should fit fine .
i doubt you 're going to find oem pieces for a 3 year old phone
well some dudes are into feet so they got that potentially going for them .
i do n't know why i did n't think to use a sock !
david got some but would n't say they 're 1:1 .
the crowd 's been booing him the whole game every time he has the ball do n't think it 's cause of one sign
i 'm not saying i can tell the future but i bet the team who scores the most goals will win..
it was fully in the goal and some how did n't count ...
they still have n't come even remotely close to matching undisputed .
but the only thing dad ever got paranoid about was us being late .
he 's a truck driver so usually he would be leaving for work when we woke up for high school .
the few days he would have a day off for a doctors appointment or something he would barge into the room and wake us up with a are n't you going to be late for the bus ? ''
idk why but he seemed to think we would never get the bus on time despite the fact that we had been doing so on our own since i first bought my own alarm clock at a yard sale in the fourth grade .
where the cretacious judge never gives higher than a 7 .
sure thing it 's an ama it was bad i was diagnosed with severe pancolitis and i had to be hospitalized shortly after .
however the most recent scope i had revealed that i only had mild sigmoiditis and everything 's quietened down quite some bit compared to when i first started out .
cause most of the people here do n't understand what clear speed is really about .
they see big number and the first thing they have in mind is nerf ! ''
they had a perfect opportunity for a soundtrack with this https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=sfirdqsriya
you can remove the tank and clean off the top of the coil with a q-tip .
if the problem persists you can try using a thicker juice .
you may also consider switching to the clr coils .
they work better than the cl coils and the juice holes can be adjusted to suit the viscosity of your juice .
you sound like you do n't really know much about radulov 's departure .
anyone had any luck returning the pc but keeping the oculus ?
i 'm not putting any words in your mouth .
i 'm saying if he is n't breaking any rules it does n't matter what you decide to tolerate .
and he has 100,000 up votes so i 'd say you 're in the vast minority
psidium cattleianum strawberry guava or here in hawaii we call it waiwi yellow waiawi'ula'ula red .
they are extremely invasive here but provide tasty fruits .
there is a 10 hour loop i listen to everytime i study .
because my op was in response to dan and joe calling it one .
it 's a southwest suburb 30 miles from the city with a pop .
i 'm not ignoring our gang crime and policing problems .
course..i was tripping balls on some really strong molly when i went but ... it was fuggin awesome haha .
what a shame hope kaidus makes a full recovery with time and rest .
glad he 'll still be casting though his comments are analysis are very insightful .
little did he know that it was actually an advertisement for a really good glass cleaner .
try not to obsess over the and just keep working hard .
i used another 1/8 inch piece of plywood for the back
i 'm afraid we wo n't know until july and or november
i do have kinda sorta a vague idea of what it is and i do believe you but hey this is reddit .
there was in involuntary pull for me to post that !
origin/battlelog/steam and every social network do n't have to approve images .
they just remove offensive images and sometimes suspend the user temporarily .
you 're right it would take a small team tasked with banning offensive images but all the other businesses are willing to do that for their customers/users .
i just believe xbox should give customers that freedom and liberty .
i never wanted to be gay but coming to terms with that is the best decision i ever made .
it wo n't take as long as you think we are light years ahead of where i thought gay rights would be by now however the battle will never completely end unfortunately for non conforming people .
it 's as big as conn. in terms of delegates and could certainly go for sanders !
i would fasten those wrists behind her start using her mouth for my pleasure and be taking pictures .
fluttershh do you know what i 've always loved about you rainbow ?
no matter what i 'm afraid of no matter what i tell you i 'm scared of you 've never acted like you looked down on me .
you understand that different ponies have different strengths and weaknesses .
something for me to be happy about pillars stat line for the day looked better than the last 3 games combined .
just buy the newest card for mac ... it is probably the equivalent of a gtx 660 and costs 1200 but certainly worth more
in solo you just have to use melee button to drop down
it is just easier to say nothing than trying to remember and then express the random junk my brain was putting on the budget theater that is my imagination .
if the artist is doing something interesting that i can show to others later like a painting/picture/album then i agree with you .
i got lucky and got the totally op neptune 's glaive from a treasure chest .
speaking of which fish in bubbling areas and dark sea patches .
by dark sea patches i mean the sea around the rock in the ocean on the left of the dock .
my first teaching job i was hired to teach high school biology at a charter school that had a pretty decent reputation .
3 days before the pre-service days i get a call from an administrator asking me to meet with him but at a different building than the high school .
at this meeting he pulls a bait-and-switch on me .
they are moving me go this new elementary school they 're just opening and i will be teaching 4th 5th and 6th grade science .
i have zero qualifications or training for teaching elementary and i do n't remotely want to do it .
plus as a first-year teacher i did n't want 3 freaking preps !
but they 've got me in a spot where all the local schools start in less than a week and there are n't any jobs available .
i spent 2 miserable years teaching there hating it so much i nearly quit the profession .
i got my revenge though when i accepted the dream job i wanted 2 years later .
i was offered it 2 days before school started and i felt zero remorse as i packed my shit and left them to try to hire a new teacher within 48 hours .
i love that that song is written by the same guy that wrote yesterday let it be hey jude etc .
35yo and was pretty happy i got it without straps !
oh and one last thing i 'm going to be a strict marker so if you want like any points at all you better make this good !
it gets a bit weird because according to the movie ra arrived in 8000bc and ruled on earth for several years the cover stones and associated finds indicate the stargate was buried 10,000 years ago 8000bc .
during this time ra took humans through the stargate to form colonies on other planets and after the stargate was buried there was no further travel to other planets because ra left earth alone .
based on this any civilisations that post-date prehistoric egypt can not be represented on other planets .
i suppose it 's possible that other goa'uld visited earth in ships later on though .
i memorized hiragana and katakana went through pimsleur 's audio lessons and read a bit of tae kim 's grammar guide .
at that point it was time to get a good textbook+workbook .
i picked genki to start out with since i found it at a local used bookstore
i really recommend using audio lessons in the beginning to help you develop your ear for the language and pronunciation .
someone who made me feel bad for acting like a shitty person ''
i like my present boss and he likes me too .
but i do wonder how much i can grow here and the company culture is a little dysfunctional .
so i 'm in a 12 team yahoo league where scoring is r/hr/rbi/sb/obp w/l/sv/k/era and i feel like my pitching staff needs some help or most of my team is in a slump .
i am not sure who to drop or who im holding on to for too long .
my biggest issue is i have too many players and i need to know who to let go of first with all of these players being called up since my league is so competitive or ever who to sell high on .
any help would be gladly appreciated ... i hope none of my team mates are on here lol my line up goes as this .
pitching is adam conley jake odorizzi rp m. melancon rp k uehara erasmo ramirez matt harvey jose fernandez shelby miller noah syndergaard steven matz ... once again r/fantasybaseball thank you for the help and being the best subreddit i have ever subscribed to !
jim edmonds has a better voice than al and tim at the very least
yes it is back in the current beta build for 8.5 .
i believe now it uses reddit 's api so you have to enable 18 browsing on reddit and also enable nsfw previews in your reddit preferences .
you 're the one that 's sounding like a little bitch you dumb ass .
i just finished your request from the comment on my give post .
please refresh yourself on the rules so you dont look greedy in the future
good luck you guys 3 hope this album does well d
if the iron man in the cage is a speedster and is powerless could absorb all of his speed with wells help transfer it to barry recharge because he generates the speedforce and go yolo with the tachyon device .
then read fast some martial arts books or some videos and ready
number of interchanges that can be made by a team .
used to be no limit they limited teams to 120 last year and it 's down to 90 for this year .
what other hero gets a zoning 140 move speed or whatever the hell it is ?
you 'd think you 'd see more macropyre ice wall shenanigans .
as long as it stays as exclusive as it is i love the idea behind commemorating amazing events .
if it begins to be shroud damaged a player from this location '' it 'll get old
what 's interesting is that seamus likely still made more ad revenue than him even after more than a year of abscence due to the large amount of videos available on his channel .
they got ta play it on sunday in the barclay 's then .
i found this picture over a year ago i 'm so happy to find it again .
i remember sitting in the theater with this huge ass grin just because i knew the source haha .
shield of want is vendrick 's shield from ds2 .
you want demons ' souls references you got the morion blade and stormruler .
just got bored one day and decided it might be interesting .
nowadays i 'm more stressed out because of college courses and the like so it helps with that
american spirits or marlboros been smoking marlboro black the most lately .
its in their nature to become competitive and to try to push harder than the other players .
dat gaat soms heel erg ver maar het echte probleem is dat door die obsessieve houding dat alles mag als jezus er maar in komt er wantrouwen wordt gekweekt .
dus dan denkt men eerder ik zie niet hoe ze dit willen gebruiken maar waarschijnlijk is ook dit een onderdeel van hun doorlopende campagne om ruimte te maken voor jezus '' .
in dit ene specifieke geval gaat het denk ik alleen maar over roken en volksgezondheid met als waarlijk gristelijke achtergrond dat je lichaam gods geschenk is wat gekoesterd moet worden door bv geen gif erin te steken .
you know you spend enough time on the internet and you think you 've seen all the great interesting geographical marvels in the world via photographic tour and then one of you posts something new that blows my mind .
it sounds rather unrelated but it could be a fuck it the air is already terrible today ! ''
there have been some people who live in the country side in this sub talking about reporting such people but they did n't mention who they called .
burning trash and particulates from china concerning not because of co2 but rather heavy metals which get lodged in your lungs and do n't ever come out and can build up .
like you said above a big part is the gobi desert but it is largely industry and unfortunately the wind at this latitude blows east .
it is a tricky thing assigning blame because the same happens in our respective countries but we both have oceans where our pollution blows to .
2020 date is not totally impossible considering the high gdp growth might make m2 feasible by 2020-2022
remember this is the same party whose leader promised a rolled-gold paid parental leave system through two elections .
but when push came to shove they ended up cutting the existing system instead .
i just have zero confidence that they will ever deliver it .
if you have n't already you should check out zen particularly its focus on apparent paradoxes and the limitations of language/thought .
and if you 're up for some dense literature check out godel escher bach by douglas hofstadter .
i think you 'd enjoy exploring further what it actually means for something to be true '' what it means to mean '' something how we decide what is logical '' and how all of this contributes to the human experience and the sense of self .
edit you also might like the zen teachings on knowing nothing and maintaining an empty mind in order to avoid limiting the experience of reality through beliefs thoughts etc .
rather than accept the irrational '' and thus trade some beliefs for others based on what seems more imaginative or fun you can actually let go of beliefs altogether and simply allow yourself to be a part of the world .
edit 2 and when i say let go of beliefs i do n't mean step in front of a bus without expecting to die .
i just mean let go of the need to have ideas about the world or to describe reality in some way .
just experience reality without allowing the objects of the mind thoughts emotions beliefs ideologies etc .
awesome set of stories and cool to see that your still together today
tifu by pushing a child out of a tower window when he saw me and my sister ... uh ... talking ''
oh i was more than interested if you were here you would have seen and felt just how interested i was and then you could have cleaned it up while i fingered you .
you can have your life every time when the n does n't need you there are so many days and nights or at least hours spread across the week when you can have a perfectly fine life .
just remember the n 's life is always most important and you can have all the leftovers .
man what i would give to be in his place .
all of the decent ones require a voll 's devotion ... .got a cheap one for me ?
pretty much the entire chorus in badlands is sung the same way
but if you allow front winglets like this then people will put them in other places too like to help keep the back tyre down under braking or to reduce sliding when cornering .
that 's not necessarily a bad thing but i suspect many wo n't like it .
i can get you ha breloom and ha poliwag tomorrow if they interest you .
the wealth is increasingly in the hands of fewer and fewer .
banks too big to fail are bigger than ever .
while unemployment is low many jobs that came back were lower paying and less hours .
all the while a real pay increase is found in some careers but many others are left behind .
spending versus revenue is lower than it has been during the recession but still higher than average .
it was n't got called against us its what did n't get called for us .
even as a sj fan you have to admit to that slash and trip in game 4 .
the area i 'm in is slowly going the opposite direction .
they have such high production demand and too small of an available workforce so companies are starting to hire directly again and offer more pay with decent benefits packages .
the downside is that they 're having such a hard time finding people that some places are requiring mandatory overtime which can be good or bad depending on how you value your free time .
the quality of posters is way down i dont care what anyone says .
its not the ceasefire because the people interested have still been paying attention .
it was the influx of uninformed shit posting that came in after the russian intervention imo .
we lost good people from both sides of the war .
a lot of people that got perma banned got it from growing frustrated with uninformed posts and responding in anger .
it 's the first week of september and the race is on to see which of these 20 players will get to 150 hrs first .
it 's childish to say quirky or weird things just to be different .
if you have something to say and can deliver that in an interesting or funny way that 's another thing .
but just being creative '' by saying something completely off is n't creative .
it 's just looking to stand out in the wrong sort of way .
this post is so english i found myself in scuba gear getting ready to pull the tea out of boston harbor .
the yogscast often have in house mp games that they play .
so its not like they could ask a few extra guests to come in and play with them !
so would a stomach-kin be.. a stomach trapped in a human body ?
i 'm afraid might be one as well then ...
2 man invaded their first buff with our jungler easy first blood for our kindred .
my draven then flamed me for the rest of the game because he got zoned off like 5 cs .
calm down spacebunneh we all have our moments and this was one of yours .
he was great and the most consistent goalie we 've ever had but if jones keeps going the way he 's going ...
oh god ... now that slowly slowly the slowest of the slow have started to realize that no you wo n't get full dust from gvg and naxx will this be our new hourly scheduled shitpost ?
did night shifts for a month at a best buy and there was a christmas mixtape that consisted of about six different variations of that song but that goddamn seal version was the worst ever .
the comment sections are there to serve one purpose increase traffic .
last mother 's day i bought my mum a new blush brush the one she was using was so clumped with old product it had separated into about 6 bristles and i screamed at her when i saw it .
she could n't believe how nice it was using the new non-fubar brush and she cleans it every few weeks now .
why the hell do they keep trending on my facebook ?
i recon that it 's because they think that bottomless pit is their magnum opus and they want to promote it so that it can gain exposure and go down in history as the absolute best album of all time .
or they just like the snippets i dunno they are n't into lateral movement .
i mean that 's only if you exclude the millions of people who said he should still have won fmvp
so i do n't plan on breaking up with her but i 've definitely been thinking about it .
differing religious view political views i 'm social and fun she 's quiet and hates people literally .
she never has anything nice to say about anything and is constantly complaining .
i 've tried to get her to look at things in the bright side but she said it 's immature to be unrealistic '' .
our sex life is great and is the highlight of the relationship but i feel like we rely on it to fix arguments .
i smoke weed only once a day at night may i add and she acts like i 'm ruining my life .
we 've been together 2 years and i 'm starting to lose hope .
other than sabbath 's 13 i feel like this might be the last truly great ozzy album .
technically that was a leftover from the x-ray project with steve vai anyway so even though its on the album ya ca n't really count it
'm sorry if this sounds like i 'm shitting on someones hobby
it does n't sound like that that is exactly what you 're doing .
what exactly is there to wrap your head around ?
he 's next in line to get skillbooks and you have three teams that he 's probably a sub on ll qck doffy lead legend croc .
he has a lot of sockets thanks to being a legend so good luck !
i remember it had to do with the crook and ladder limited time quest line .
no items matching your search criteria were found . ''
i wonder if its bug or they really didnt accepted any items .
or people can get money for their work even when it 's not accepted ?
i feel like a good portion of this 90s humor like jinkies shaggy ! ''
why you could n't put the whole thing in the title
when a resource is limited and not imitable or substitutable you 're going to yield a larger value from it .
i guess ranking system needs to be gone for me to enjoy it hm
i have thrown pretty much the same smokes on 64 before they arent ones that need to be super precise
i play more than 6 hours a day for the last 2 months and i 've only just got 10k
i 'm aware of that i 'm just wondering what he meant by everyone floating down there .
was that a reference to something tangible or just meant to creep people out .
that my peers are so disconnected from reality that there may be no way to recover them
does this game by any chance have an nda ?
having your account name fly through the video seems to quite indicate that
it 's kind of baffling that it 's not a thing already .
i agree with you about keybinds feeling comfortable on certain classes and not on others my f3 is set to ctrl+m5 which was great for my guardian when i set it not so much on my ele .
just had a very long run in battle with a group camping their manhunt at the dz upstairs pussy-hole hideout spot .
we tried for awhile to get them but they were far too organized to get downed .
and would n't you know it they were dz28 with valkyria guns .
yeah but you already had ffa rounds where you couldnt find enough loot or players for your airdrop sure in teams it was easier and it still is easier to get a gun in teams but they basically made it even harder for ffa players to get a gun not that i would complain about it because i use them but other players may feel this way .
no supply drops no more complaining about supply drops in the future in this subreddit .
if there 's no annual fee leave the card open .
buy something small once a year to show some use .
the card is too old to close and does n't benefit you doing it .
i 'd also ask for a credit limit increase on your amex blue cash .
i opened mine 7 months ago starting with 3,000 credit limit .
i asked for a 3x credit limit increase when i received the card and was approved then got an auto increase to 12,000 then after six months i asked for an increase to 30,000 and was approved .
amex is giving it away right now and i 'm taking it .
nahh he bo offers the best kindo f support in the game .
he erases the enemy adc and the jungler when they gank so your adc can qins the enemy support down .
after about 2 years of being on this subreddit on other accounts i 've seen people say and do a lot of things that sane people just would n't do making it sometimes feel more like a religious cult than an actual support group .
on the other hand though there are lots of dedicated people that are seriously working on fighting their addiction and building a better life and posting triggering material at the wrong time can really damage their progress .
just keep in mind that pulling the trigger has no effect if there 's no loaded gun with the safety off and if you are in that position e.g .
feeling depressed then you have to be extremely careful .
looks like the effects of petrify on an arctic eximus .
after the third offense they should be forced to go gay .
i bet his naive boy-chasing complacent female supporters will attack hillary supporters next .
please add it to your post and reply with 'done ' after you have done so .
i will automatically approve your post next time my server allows me to .
since you 'd be looking for accepting lesbians vs. accepting men i 'd say harder dating women simply because the pool of eligible women is so much smaller .
our local support told me they could n't do anything about it during the 5 days after the transaction hiccup .
i started tweeting and at the same time i started sending emails to the press kotaku replied and was interested by my story .
funnily enough as i did n't get any reply on twitter until i mentioned i was getting more attention from the press than from customer care suddenly within something like 10min of posting that tweet i got htcvive asking for my order number and email by direct message and within minutes not kidding maybe 2 or 3 min i received an email from a senior rep at htc americas asking me whether i wanted a link allowing me to place a new order with april shipping supposedly at the front of the queue .
i said yes received the url and sure enough it worked .
so in short i completely bypassed htc anz as far as i know you 're not the only who had been told that the tool was n't ready which is absolute bullshit given that i was given a link allowing to do exactly that on the 4/4 if it was possibly then i do n't see why it never got possible for local anz support to do it but honestly local support always gave me the impression they did n't give a crap .
the first time i got them on phone i talked to someone who was downright rude and actually cut short the discussion before i was even finished and yet i was really polite and just asking for help
the problem is that htcvive and other htc twitter like obriend17 have completely stopped replying to queries about the anz deliveries .
if i were you i 'd still try with htcvive they 're the ones who asked me what i wanted by dm earlier this week even though they implied they had already helped me .
it does take many attempts before they reply and it 's tiring to have to keep nagging them on twitter honestly ...
the minutemen path does not want the bos down you only get that quest if you make the bos your enemy which you will do if you follow the railroad .
i prefer the minutemen do n't really like the idea of saving toasters .
btw there is not much of quest with the minutemen you just have to become enemies with the institute and the castle attack quest will trigger .
you would n't say that if you supported the tigers
oi dat wuz won two many big wurds i 'm startin to thinkin u mite be wun o dem umies
a lot of people including me have wanted a way to create custom commands in minecraft .
i think this is a cool way of doing it and you can do a lot more than i showed .
and also yes you can use trigger but then they must either type in trigger spawn set 1 or something like that or they have to get a tellraw command with a clickevent .
this way you do n't have to remember weird commands or wait for a tellraw just type it in whenever you want .
i have a feeling he 'd pull his finger out for a team with a champion 's league spot .
maybe this is some stupid apple bs to prevent users from doing ... well ... what you did .
i used to use winamp to transfer data to an old shuffle .
who cares if remington made some of the guns at sandy hook ?
they did n't build special child killing guns then ship them freely to people who said they wanted to shoot up a school .
the clothes companies are as responsible as the gun companies .
or imo an evga supernova or the evga 600b if you 're trying to keep it same price ish .
i 'm not sure i 've ever been in a house in the us that did n't have ac .
currently 11,069 people signed up to phonebank this weekend .
i wan na bury my face right between your cheeks baby !
you could probably just go to the airport and hope there 's a nice person who will do the swap for free .
so what 's stopping mr bob joe on the street redirecting someone like pewdiepie 's income to himself ?
probably not then how come they will so happily agree in these cases ?
i have gone to a dermatologist before but it was an asian one and she was telling me in chinese .
i did n't know what the word was but simply told me to leave it alone and apply lotion daily the kind that was scent-free .
the hell do they do or eat or what have you to acquire such nice complexion ? ! !
but you still have n't made a counter point to the general argument that globalisation necessitates a loss of central power .
you need to expand on what you 're trying to say here .
the way i see it snape 's an ass .
then it turns out he had a great motive for everything he did .
so i do a re-read and focus on those motives .
great character though deserved 2nd place and a fantastic writeup .
gregson just picked the ball up off the ground not dragged it in .
you 're right i went too far and i am sorry
the statement was irrelevant there are plenty lgbt people who agree with you and plenty who do n't .
saying it does n't give your argument anymore credibility .
the whole point of apprenticeships was that you 'd learn a trade maybe plumbing carpentry that sort of stuff over a 2-3 year period .
they pay was always lousy but the whole point of an apprenticeship is it 's something a 16 year old does while he 's still living at home and so has very low expenses .
i think the newer apprenticeships where as often as not it 's an excuse to pay someone a third the minimum wage to do something they can learn in 2 weeks that sort of an apprenticeship is a piss-take .
dear lordy the first and 4th pic made me wet ca n't wait to explore that world
also look into using yosemite patched disk utility under usb installer for el capitan this time i believe it is way better at doing its job !
my pc is doing the 'do not turn off ' after i cancelled the upgrade window .
i miss when ds1 and early ds2 were still relatively under the radar .
i get trying to make the games more accessible to people but some of the trophies are locked behind covenant rep and it 's hard to get that shit as an invader these days lol .
you could save for a gameboy or you could go eh-eh-eh-eh-eh-eh-eh ! ''
these are a caveman 's version of video games .
i 've got a better one are tiger games video games ?
i 'd have more fun setting the time on a digital clock .
i have a start menu shortcut that launches ksp through steam .
if bertrand heard him he does n't seem to care .
josiah is lead into a sort of lavish sitting area with various paintings vases and other such decorations adorning the walls and corners of the room .
the guard gestures to a fancy couch while another man most likely a servant approaches with a bottle and glass .
dreamed that i had cable ties growing out of my head like hair .
it was about a 50/50 hair to cable tie ratio .
what will your reaction be if you end up on botchamania or world famous flea market ?
how much would you mark out if you made it to nxt or wwe ?
quarter knuckles were n't as bad as scabby queen normal blackjack card game but whoever still has cards last has to choose a card upside down/random and whichever number/value is on it everyone taking part in the game must hit the loser with the pack of cards the amount of times that the cards value was .
my friends knuckle was dripping with blood we were ruthless .
throwing away the context here for a second which makes it obvious that in this particular case it 's not a problem in any way because it is meant to focus on the male perspective if you want to discuss a topic it generally makes sense to have a variety of view points .
and when that topic is gender inequality it would usually be good to have people of both genders .
i have the same opinion about all-women panels on this matter .
sure the other gender might be in the audience but that puts them on unequal footing .
as long as it 's the greatsword let me know what you 're looking for .
and if it 's fully upgraded i have a few options .
black and lower middle class and unfortunately all of my immediate family knows about my night time problem ''
thank you for beginning your post with saying what you 're transferring to .
most of these posts do n't and it 's a nightmare trying to riddle out what they mean .
i had riku storm built for a while but ended up taking it apart because mizzix was released and he just seems infinitely better .
the ring of akhaten not because he would have done a better job but because i 'd love to see another doctor do that speech .
i 'd eat that for every meal if i did n't value my life .
takumi gizmo and paladin also do this grog if you drive backwards .
i think hope the success and failures of the loot systems in destiny and the division will have a very positive impact on bl3 .
i 'm using lightning strike as a ranged ability relying only on the projectiles .
i just got the free chain from the ascendency class and i ca n't notice a difference at all with lightning strike projectiles .
i have no pierce chance so there should be no issue .
someone else care to test this out as well ?
theoretically i should clear packs twice as quickly now than before right ?
long line of people who have nothing to do w pax or the gaming community .
i 'm planning to teach my so how to drive and i 'm wondering if anybody here knows a good place for that in mabalacat ?
hey guys welcome to my store hope you find something you like !
awp electric hive stat fn titan holo on body 0.0380 http csgo.exchange/item/98535044 here http i.imgur.com/vottuqb.jpg 65 60 keys
awp electric hive mw complexity holo ldlc on body 0.1399 http csgo.exchange/item/103016711 here http i.imgur.com/tavmi2n.jpg 12 11 keys
awp electric hive fn complexity holo on body 0.065 http csgo.exchange/item/107976649 here http i.imgur.com/qektkgp.jpg 11 10 keys
ak-47 redline stat ft ibp holo 0.308 http csgo.exchange/item/289820036 1 http imgur.com/fznehf8.jpg 2 http i.imgur.com/pea8jp5.jpg 120 keys sold a similar fv same sticker pos .
ak-47 red laminate bs complete kato 14 set of hellraisers holo 3dmax holo reason and navi .
ak-47 blue laminate fn fnatic holo in the backmost position .
0.0473 http csgo.exchange/item/118174745 looks nice http i.imgur.com/qok06nt.jpg 7 6 keys
m4a1-s dark water stat mw titan holo and navi holo 0.1273 http csgo.exchange/item/31475827 here http i.imgur.com/2qhgnzt.jpg 80 75 keys
m4a1-s guardian ft titan and nip 0.155 http csgo.exchange/item/157009612 here http i.imgur.com/qa8xqtr.jpg 11 10 keys
smgs and heavies skin wear info fv screens b/o c/o
mac-10 heat stat ft diggy and skull foil 0.1953 http csgo.exchange/item/201489140 here http i.imgur.com/kmnl49o.jpg 5 keys
dualies haemoglobin stat fn 2x titan lgb and fnatic 0.01768 http csgo.exchange/item/45059156 fap http i.imgur.com/cfykkbg.jpg 23 20 keys
p2000 red fragcam stat fn hellraisers holo and complexity in best spots 0.0666 http csgo.exchange/item/177462655 here http i.imgur.com/3qcdcsc.jpg 15 keys
g3sg1 azure zebra stat fn 14th on exchange 7th st https gyazo.com/e7a8b0979f278d9c59b206ee11cd4ad8.png also navi holo and wolf foil .
ct sided scrub weapon wings stat fn dignitas complexity ldlc and titan all non holo .
glock sand dune bs 3dmax holo 0.773 pretty much worst you can get http csgo.exchange/item/61207772 here http i.imgur.com/hxabjc1.jpg 5 keys
awp safari mesh ft lgb on scope 0.378 http csgo.exchange/item/142178407 here http i.imgur.com/wvscrge.jpg 2 keys firm
scout abyss stat bs 18th worst st on exchange goes perfectly with the deagle !
https gyazo.com/430b8b67f239ba7adea726d64918afaf.png 0.999698 http csgo.exchange/item/2784436619 here http i.imgur.com/qkgvilk.jpg 5 keys
glock grinder stat fn 1 st on exchange https gyazo.com/f6dc7317027c00a083f16f95e4b831dc.png decent pattern too 0.020027 http csgo.exchange/item/1517484788 here http i.imgur.com/rmxbrry.jpg 15 keys
deagle naga stat bs 10 st on exchange 26 overall goes perfectly with the scout !
https i.gyazo.com/b5b3112ba788a545476a1c1fff7f51b7.png 0.99908 http csgo.exchange/item/2565075188 here http i.imgur.com/li3p9lr.jpg 4 keys
xm1014 quicksilver stat fn 2 st on exchange 5 overall https gyazo.com/8e5151a34270faa35006140aa5d17caf.png 0.000025 http csgo.exchange/item/2601313417 here http i.imgur.com/ek50saz.jpg 6 keys
mp7 armour core stat fn 6 st on exchange 19 overall https gyazo.com/62fcaf64f23759bcb3a2d54d453d73ad.png 0.000058 http csgo.exchange/item/3391911605 here http i.imgur.com/nizckme.jpg 6 keys
if it says the price is firm it means it 's firm https gyazo.com/fd18d6eadaed33adcb5d7c21e86c693f.png
if it does n't say that then i am open for reasonable offers .
also i 'm not sure about the pricing of some things namely the floated items so if you have any sources or past sales/bos of similar items i would be extremely grateful if you 'd post here so i can adjust accordingly .
if you come just to bash my prices go somewhere else thanks .
also saying that the sticker is on a low tier/bad skin is not a good way of negotiating with/lowballing me .
everything should in my inventory but let me know if something is wrong .
hey so i recently won a type 59 giveaway on circon 's stream about 9 days ago .
i was wondering how long it usually takes for wargaming to give out a prize like this and when i should consider putting in a ticket if i still have n't received it .
if anyone has any experience in the matter i would appreciate it .
i 've been lucky enough to get a couple of signed copies of games either through meeting designers or as a bonus for pre-ordering and such .
one of the games i really enjoy playing and i would hate for the signatures to get damaged .
does anyone know of a good way to protect those signatures ?
i have successfully added my boc bank card to wechat wallet but whenever i try to make a purchase or top up my wechat pay balance i get this error unable to complete the transaction as it 's compromised . ''
has anyone encountered this error and found a solution ?
i was looking for advise on how to make mesa look more western and cow-girlish .
that on this date in 1564 william shakespeare was born ?
and for those that do n't get joke that was played on a loop today on the walmart radio..
that and hearing karma chameleon all fucking day..do n't even remember any bother song played but that one..
i have preordered overwatch and have encouraged my two friends to do so but one of them says that an error occurs when downloading battle.net saying we 're having trouble transferring data please wait while we sort out the problem . ''
what should he try to do to fix this ?
since then i 've spoken on it around the world and had former prospects and customers bring me in to train their sales teams .
after a quick search on social selling in this sub had a few heated opinions on both sides i 've decided to share some thoughts and what i team my clients .
social selling only works if your customers are active on social media .
some of the best networking i 've done is actually on facebook connecting with the ceos of canadian tech unicorns .
my background is selling marketing software so generally my prospects are on social .
as a rule of thumb if your customers customers are on social they will or should be
use social media to get direct access to people you have no business talking to .
no decision maker is going to pick up the phone from someone they do n't know .
sure cold calling still works but the rates are getting lower and lower at around 2 .
use social media to at the very least have them recognize your name when you call/email them .
social selling and using social media are fundamentally different .
social selling is all about leveraging your network to get introductions .
social media makes this much easier as you can keep in touch with people you would n't have other wise .
social media is all about keeping your head on a swivel .
someone mentioned your company or a competitor on reddit ?
because of the extra time commitment required for social selling it 's best saved for your top 25 prospects/accounts .
create a lead list in linkedin or an rss feed of your accounts blogs in feedly .
if you prospect dm posts something comment on it then follow up via email or a call .
it 's a great way to store all my contacts but for all my active networking i 'm using facebook .
some of the best pitches i 've received have come from facebook .
linkedin 's messenger system is out of sync and i truly think fb messenger/slack will kill it .
all of your prospects are on facebook why not have your aes and sdrs upload a list their leads and show them personalized messages ?
fb advertising is so targeted and easy to learn .
from least important to most important ways to communicate with your prospects
if any one has any questions i 'd be happy to answer them below .
welcoming all levels to help raid the military base .
message wazupman68818 on xbox one if you 're interested !
mainly for the 20 cdr and the move speed especially with the 6.9 changes .
my main aim with this build is to one shot adc/mage at start of fight and make it 5v4 .
i am a speech cf in the ei field a third of the way through the fellowship .
as i am working on developing my therapy style i would love to hear how other ei slp 's structure their sessions .
do you have a routine in your sessions hello/good bye songs set time for activities or do you go with the flow '' and follow the child 's lead in the home ?
do you bring your own toys or do you make use of what the family has available ?
do you counsel parents in teaching/modeling strategies and discussing specific routines within the family to target for supporting language development ?
how do taxes work for a situation like this one ?
am i going to get taxed at normal earnings if they buy back my tdi ?
if i buy another car from vw or someone else can i balance it out like i would a trade in no earnings and drop the taxable amount on the new car ?
after preordering 6 mins after the original orders went live and have still not received my rift i ordered an alienware bundle from amazon on march 4th thinking that i would be able to get one that way considering i had n't built my pc yet .
amazon emailed me this morning saying that they are out of stock and wanted to know if i still wanted my order if they could get it to me by june 6th !
after getting on this subreddit everyday for the past few months and getting so excited for vr i am just losing interest .
i 'm not sure which programming language is best for beginners i also do n't have one set reason for learning coding yet but i think it is something that i would like to learn and that could help me in the future so any help would be appreciated
well its been bothering me for a while but how is the banner sif related .
i am probably to new the franchise to understand but please tell me how it relates to the game .
well i 'm looking to snag a carrack upgrade for my aquila and i 'm beginning to get sick of waiting .
if you happen to have one lying around let me know !
i am about 95 positive i have neighbors living across the street that are dealing .
i was just suspicious at first as they will have dozens of visitors per day mostly shady looking people .
they also tend to leave their house countless times a day but are always back within 15min or so .
there have been a few occasions of people knocking on my door looking for their house .
i live in a small rural town with the population being around 3000 so a lot of people know each other around here .
i brought up their name at my workplace and everybody confirmed my suspicions they are known for being bad news .
so i could put in an anonymous complaint with our local pd but given their reputation i just ca n't imagine the police in town are clueless about them .
that said most people i talk to seem to be under the impression the cops in this town are pretty corrupt .
in fact i do remember one instance where a cop was in front of their house and they were obviously friends with the people as they were laughing and even flipped on the siren for one of their kids .
so beyond local law enforcement is there any other methods of reporting ?
i would imagine they are n't big enough for the dea to hold an interest .
we have just released our demo to be oculus sdk1.3 compatible so you can play this on both dk2 and the cv1 .
in the demo you will get a sneak peak of the temple area which serves as the selection area for the erotic scenes in the experience .
we have also included a teaser of the beginning of one of the full experiences called the chair '' which uses hypnosis binaural beats and a rather seductive dominatrix .
the full game will include the full temple area and four scenes the chair slave dungeon hypnosis room .
these scenes are not just sex animations they have a story voiceover and narrative to really get inside your head .
there is also considerable variation in all aspects voiceover narrative and animation so the same scene can provide a different experience each time especially in the dungeon scene .
the dungeon scene alone has over 4000 words of voiceover .
there is also an arousal system mode that allows you to indicate your level of arousal not hard hard aroused very aroused close to cumming cumming .
the dominatrix will respond to this accordingly both in voice and action providing a great sense of intimacy and interaction .
for example when you tap to indicate you are close to cumming she will say things like i can see in your face you are close to cumming ca n't last now . ''
she will then talk dirty and tease you knowing you are so close .
a lot of time has been spent to make sure the experience as a whole voice animation narrative interaction gets inside your head to arouse you .
you can see updates on our progress here https www.patreon.com/femdomination
take a look at the new screenshot of the hypnosis scene
you can receive the full chair scene now plus 3 three demo scenes where you can take a close up look at the dominatrixes ample assets for a 10 pledge on our patreon page .
hello i would someone to help me identify the font being used in this video https youtu.be/u3jlbktzxua ? t=1s
specifically the one shown where the background of his terminal is brown .
so was out shopping today and found at an overstock store what appears to be a brand new ka-15s for 24 only problem is it has a broken string .
everything appears to be good on it but being new to the uke i do n't really know what to look for .
what should i look at on it to see if its in good shape before my return policy expires and is this an okay beater uke i can share with my kids and such ?
i 'm trying to build a character based on the marvel comics character strong guy yup that 's his real codname .
for those of you who are n't familiar with semi-obscure mid-nineties x-factor characters strong guy is a super strong no-muss-no-fuss punch a guy 'til the situation is resolved type of fighter .
he 's also a former bouncer and a real one-liner '' guy relevant for character flavor
off the top of my head i see him as a real tank character .
i feel like str and con would be his highest abilities with a decent chr as well .
he 's a natural entertainer in addition to a wall of man-meat after all .
ideally i 'd like him to mainly be punching folks but it seems like monks are the only class who really get much mileage out of unarmed attacks .
i 'm pretty new to the game though so i could be mistaken .
since he 's a street brawler type character i thought it might be fitting to make him a grappler as outlined in this guide https web.archive.org/web/20150916164939/http community.wizards.com/forum/player-help/threads/4142801 .
especially considering his past as a bodyguard/bouncer grabbing ruffians by the scruff of the neck .
take a hike or i throw you out widda garbage '' .
i also thought about dipping into bard to pick up cutting words .
it fits the character thematically as a guy with a line for every situation .
tavern brawler and charger seem like they 'd be useful feats for what i 'm going for .
strong guy is usually depicted as muscular to the point of distortion .
i 'd love to come up with an in-universe reason for my character to look similar and maybe justify a higher-than-average str .
that 's probably for me and my dm to hash out .
i 'd like to point out that i realize that full-blown superhuman strength would probably be a liiiiiitle op
i realize it 's a bit strange asking for help adapting a character most folks have never even heard of and part of me thinks i 'm totally overthinking it and should just play a fighter .
whatever the case thanks for checking this out and for any tips you have !
i just went main on my pure and was wondering if anyone wanted to get a torso with me if you 're interested pm me in game rsn need advice
i 'd like to say first of all hi !
but down to business ima the commish of a league call the league of hofers we advance twice every week ... useing last ea updated roster ... all-madden ... we have someone possibly '' setting up a online site ... .for the league we do use the app groupme '' for everybody in the leaque to talk to each other
if you have any questions feel free to message me on
hi all i do n't have a great amount of knowledge on cars so bear wth me .
tl dr-ish backstory on the car/situation uncle had driven it for 16 years shipped it to us from cali my dad used it mainly for about 2 months before getting into an accident not too bad it just busted the power steering fluid reservoir .
did n't have time money etc to fix so it just sat at my grandparents for two years .
hail damage fucked up our main car about a week ago and we wo n't be able to get that fixed because literally everything is booked until october here .
anyway that forced us to finally go and try to fix this car .
we fixed it got it running it worked for about a week and now it 's dead .
my dad was driving it on the highway and he said all the lights came on in the car and it started to make a noise .
it wo n't turn over when you try to turn it on and it makes this http youtu.be/vmuq0ykcksi warning loud*noise as soon as you try to turn it on .
the noise continues even after you take the key out and only stops when you unplug the battery .
we replaced the battery just now thinking that was the problem but it still persists with the new battery .
through some looking i 've found that the main source of the noise and vibration is the intake manifold possibly ?
it is very dirty and like i said had been sitting for two years have n't being turned on at all so problems are expected but we just need to know what the problem is and if it can be fixed easily and without much money .
we really need this car up and running soon so all help is appreciated thanks guys .
as the occupation in brazil seems like it will go on for a long time france has decided to establish the state of brasil norte '' in order to make governing the region easier .
as soon as the french withdraw occurs if it occurs the country will be given back to brazil .
gdp 13,4 billion none of this will go towards france
currently polls have gone out to see how well the population is reacting to the new country .
if the polls are high enough we will begin economic stimulus plans .
if not we will begin a public relations project .
hey just wondering if anyone knows an open mc crews or welcoming biker crews .
just looking for a crew with a nice logo and an active group of players .
more intended to start a convo but how much money would i have to drop to get a working pump action version of a sledgefire ?
why have n't i seen anyone try to make one so far ?
how would someone go about making a working one and how many shells would it have to hold to be considered worth it ?
gears of war ult ed w 2 mp skins x1 digital 20
want to die/disappear do n't suicide or think about it cause of family
when im trying to think about a solution i have tears in my eyes from hopelessness
from puck daddy http sports.yahoo.com/blogs/nhl-puck-daddy/san-jose-sharks stick-it-back at-la-kings-in-series-win-070909750.html during the intermission deboer addressed his team and calmed them down .
he reminded the sharks that being up 3-1 in a series and tied in game 5 on the road heading into the third period is n't a bad situation . ''
i ca n't believe how well the sharks played during the third .
this was absolutely a different response by the team than it was two years ago .
deboer showed a lot of leadership and you can tell that the players ' leadership has gone up in response .
i was personally really mad when they let tmac go but that 's why d. wilson is in charge and not me .
i am sl about 58 or so with almost equal leveling in vitality endurance strength and dexterity .
with vit and dex being a few levels higher than the rest .
but this boss is giving me a seriously hard time .
i tried 3 or 4 times solo and then 3 times with a summon and each of them died .
i decided it was time to stop wasting embers .
